[[" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Thoughts are based on one division of Microsoft, and might not necessarily hold for other divisions. At the root of the problem is the role of program manager being both product and project manager. ", " I loved my work experience at Microsoft. It gave me an opportunity to learn as well as exercise my knowledge base through numerous opportunities of quality work. ", " Work culture at Microsoft is very friendly and challenging. You have scope to learn in every role you take up in MS and keeps abreast with latest technology trends. ", " Very good work life balance. Awesome working culture. More employee benefits. Easily approachable to top level managers. We can learn new things and get good reputation ", " the world of microsoft is a whole new experience and is incomparable as well as impeccable there is no doubt you would be treated very well and great compared to anything else in this whole world ", " Typical day @ Microsoft is very challenging and hectic. You get to work on latest cutting edge technologies. Provides good benefits and a great office campus. ", " When we talk about Operating system in today's world the first thought that comes in our mind in Microsoft. that is the impact that this company has created. Working in such a company is a great pleasure. You get to learn a lot in this company on a daily basis which why i have spent 12+ years in this company and still enjoy my job. Yes the company no i would say the management needs to improve and think about the work life balance of the engineer and pressurize to work. ", " Since Microsoft is a huge campus and i have learnt lot many things during my tenure. Work environment was very much supportive and documenting of everything makes us being strong at our poaitions. ", " Competetive workplace Amazing management  Good benefits Security interms of job Learning  Self ramping of technical expertise  Teaches leadership qualities and builds your technical abilities ", " I have worked with this company for almost 6 years now but now I need to move ahead in search of better opportunities. I have learnt a lot here, got a lot of exposure to new work and people. Will use this experience and move forward. The workplace culture is awesome, got to learn many things here.  The hardest part is shift timings which can be 24*7, but the good staff and collegues make it enjoyable. ", " Great place to work and they keep the employees wanting for more. The customer support too is of great quality and they make sure that the work culture is kept to the best. ", " Work was good, njoyed staying in this company worked on multple and latest teschnologies, onsites are good, managers are little bit hard and push for more work ", " Good place to work. Have been a part of the transformation. Cloud transformation has been a great journey and so also the importance that company gave to services. ", " Environment is nice, Salary structure is average, nice facilities, Nice Management, the bad part is they are not paying key performance incentive on time. ", " good salary, work life balance, well organised, highly talented people work there and the process of identifying and appreciating people is very good, ", " Peers and colleagues always helps us to raise the bar tad high which  i rarely see in other companies around. Workplace, WLB are definitely a big plus.... ", " This is very good platform and organisation to work. there is too much to learn, apply and experiment new business ideas. I would like to work for similar companies in future as permanent worker. ", " Fun company to work for.  The company is evolving fast and has its eyes set on the future.  The work culture is competitive and energetic.  There is never a dull day here. ", " Great place to be in. Very motivating and highly spirited organization. Fresh thoughts and ideas are always brewing and packed with a punch. Extremely employee centric. ", " Apart from managers who really suck at their jobs, everything is in place and its a great place to work.  Great Place to Learn in short time and please don't go on Contract basis. Only work if you are on direct payroll. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Great company to work for, amazing innovation, leadership and career growth  Its amazing to be part of such highly talented and energetic team, which drives great self motivation and give more ", " Fun company to work for.  The company is evolving fast and has its eyes set on the future.  The work culture is competitive and energetic.  There is never a dull day here. ", " As a fresher you get to learn a lot about technology at this place and get a lot of exposure. Good fun filled place to work . Good management and growth opportunities ", " A very good company to work with in a great friendly atmosphere with no micro management.  However, at times you will have to face certain accountability issues from the higher management towards the employees. ", " Since Microsoft is a huge campus and i have learnt lot many things during my tenure. Work environment was very much supportive and documenting of everything makes us being strong at our poaitions. ", " Typical day @ Microsoft is very challenging and hectic. You get to work on latest cutting edge technologies. Provides good benefits and a great office campus. ", " One of the great work environments with independence to choose your individual career paths. Free subscriptions to the latest software and training makes it a great place for learning and exploring. ", " Work culture at Microsoft is very friendly and challenging. You have scope to learn in every role you take up in MS and keeps abreast with latest technology trends. ", " These rules and regulations govern day-to-day activities as of the date above. They are intended to reflect a common interest in maintaining a pleasant, respectful, neighborly environment, while maximizing collective property values. The rules fall into four categories: Restatements of rules that are part of the Declaration or Bylaws Clarifications of rules that are part of the Declaration or Bylaws Rules that the Board is empowered to develop by the Declaration or Bylaws Rules added to cover conditions and activities not mentioned in the Declaration or Bylaws These rules and regulations may be amended at any time by written notice from the Board. Definitions General Rules ", " Learn to manage multiple sectors , time management and multitasking. Handle various customers and partners.  Deal with various new technologies.   Excellent co workers. ", " I started my career with Microsoft and there has been no looking back. Awesome place to learn and grow! Your career at Microsoft depends on how you shape it. ", " Its a great place to work. There are many talented engineers around to motivate and inspire your work. They value their employees, but sometimes management can be really a pain. ", " productive and fun place to work. Great place to work for if you need a relaxed culture and yet do some work which will have large scale impact in the real world. ", " Turning point in my career. Added focus put on me to succeed with international negotiations with global engineering companies and end users.  most creative mind at work ", " Great place to work and they keep the employees wanting for more. The customer support too is of great quality and they make sure that the work culture is kept to the best. ", " Workplace culture is pretty good, The most enjoyable part of the job is team work and support from seniors, I learned about sales and marketing skills ", " Dynamic professional offering rich experience as a Versatile Solution Architect for various oracle products in hybrid cloud Computing environment. Responsible for end to end transition project management, including scope, estimates, schedule and risks. Producing detailed project plans to manage interdependencies and ensuring strict change control to manage deviations. Managing 24*7 Oracle Core/Apps DBA, encompassing planning, design, implementation, configuration, upgradation and support on cloud environment. Responsible for planning for Off-shore Service Transition. Laying communication and support bridge model with Onsite Technical &amp; functional team in delivering support to the clients. Extensively equipped with technical concepts, planning and tracking, managing project inter-dependencies, and managing critical applications. ", " It was very good place to work and even the environment and the work culture was awesome!!! very good project  and good team !!! love to work with this organization ", " It is a great company to work for in IT sector. Good work culture and very technology driven. Will always help employees to learn something new in tchnolgy space. ", " good experience in team work &amp;  enjoy work place good management managing the man power schedule i have learned vendor co ordination smooth communication with employee "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " It was very good place to work and even the environment and the work culture was awesome!!! very good project  and good team !!! love to work with this organization ", " productive and fun place to work. Great place to work for if you need a relaxed culture and yet do some work which will have large scale impact in the real world. ", " Turning point in my career. Added focus put on me to succeed with international negotiations with global engineering companies and end users.  most creative mind at work ", " I am handling a team of 6 people. Hardest part of the job is when we don't get customers. Enjoyable part is when we get customers to sell the product. ", " Learn to manage multiple sectors , time management and multitasking. Handle various customers and partners.  Deal with various new technologies.   Excellent co workers. ", " good experience in team work &amp;  enjoy work place good management managing the man power schedule i have learned vendor co ordination smooth communication with employee ", " I got to work with some of the best managers I have ever worked under.  Excellent Work culture Good opportunities for career growth Transparent management Communication From Senior Management ", " Good place to work.Very nice interaction with team and co-workers. Great platform to explore new technology. Keeps us updated with latest technology and outside world ", " the hardest part of the job ,a typical day at woork,   your co-work do not includany personally identifiable informational such a name   your company review and job title will be short pudlicly on indeed ", " You must be a champ in technology to get shortlisted into Microsoft IDC. Once you are here, you must set your mind towards a growth orientation on what ever you do. ", " Fun at workplace, good and comfortable job, learnt most of the SQL technology during my work, taught new members as well. ", " Satya is a great leader and is driving Microsoft in the right direction. The growth mindset in the people at Microsoft helps them overcome any challenges. ", " Great Work Culture.. Great team work.. Good benefits. Good salary.. Good company to work.. Will come back there.. I loved this company, ", " Lots of learning and growth opportunities.  Fun work environment with opportunities to work on challenging projects. Would recommend it to a friend ", " It is a great company to work for in IT sector. Good work culture and very technology driven. Will always help employees to learn something new in tchnolgy space. ", " I have been part of this organization for more than 6 years and been extremely happy for the career growth that i got in my entire career. ", " Fun place to be. Meeting a lot of intelligent people, high standards of work. However work pressure is a little on the higher side. ", " Like any other company, the Company is as good as your immediate Management. Having said that, Microsoft as a whole is a great company to work with. Lot of opportunities to learn, share and have a healthy Professional Life.  Microsoft does take care of it's employees and Salary Packages are quite good. The salary that I have listed is for India and not UAE hence don't get confused! :) ", " Microsoft IT, is a place to learn while on work, great ambiance, provides ample opportunities for Growth, built on great values ", " This company is good that works on latest technology majorly and it is also good in terms of individual work life balance. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " 8- 6 day with 10am daily meeting with manager and field analysis improved my analytical skills and communication skills while improving on my budgeting skills. management was awesome always had daily games in order to relax the employees. first experience with the co- workers had ups and downs but as the time went they all turned out to be great. Because of the long hours missed a tons of Barcelona's matches. The daily meetings and games, they were hilarious. ", " You must be a champ in technology to get shortlisted into Microsoft IDC. Once you are here, you must set your mind towards a growth orientation on what ever you do. ", " Lots of learning and growth opportunities.  Fun work environment with opportunities to work on challenging projects. Would recommend it to a friend ", " Good place to work personal life and work life balance, here is a free time for thinking and creating wireframes design  mock-ups also good encouragement from colleagues ", " the hardest part of the job ,a typical day at woork,   your co-work do not includany personally identifiable informational such a name   your company review and job title will be short pudlicly on indeed ", " Good place to work.Very nice interaction with team and co-workers. Great platform to explore new technology. Keeps us updated with latest technology and outside world ", " A typical day at work would begin with stand up calls with the on shore and off shore team discussing status and the developers giving out their plan of the day.  Microsoft is about all brilliant minds working together generating great ideas everyday.  The beautiful and lavish campus has all the games you can name it.  The gifts and gadgets you get every year is remarkable. The hardest part of the job is long hours you spend at work.  The co-workers are equally smart and hardworking so to some extent there is this rat race to get better and do more.  In nut shell Lots of opportunities and lots of learning and lots of gifts and lot and lots of work. ", " Great place to work, especially for younger employees. Good amount of responsibility provided and a fantastic remuneration package. Also good for candid and regular feedback which is pivotal in the beginning of everyone's career. Would definitely recommend applying. ", " Microsoft gave me opportunities to learn many things which helped me grow as a person. I appreciate the efforts that some of my managers put into interpersonal development for the team I worked on.  I also appreciated all the colleagues who helped me grow along the way. They encouraged me, respected me and allowed me to teach as well as learn. ", " Fun at workplace, good and comfortable job, learnt most of the SQL technology during my work, taught new members as well. ", " My career started at this great place where i fell in love with Human Resource Job.   I was in the first pilot team that was hired as a in-house recruitment group which was dedicated to hire through low cost channels like social networking sites and job sites. It was indeed a great experience in terms of improving my verbal and written communications skills. I did had lot proud moments when i was part of hiring bulk numbers in a short period of span.   I got to travel across cities in India to hire experienced folks and learn event management. ", " Dedicated cell phone sales professional with demonstrated success in retail management, product presentation, and customer service. Proven ability to assess client needs establish rapport build  trust and close deals ,Meet and exceed sales objective and challenging goals. Proficient in Microsoft office ( word, excel, power point , access ) and H/O billing systems ", " Fun place to be. Meeting a lot of intelligent people, high standards of work. However work pressure is a little on the higher side. ", " MS is an awesome workplace. Supportive management and co-workers. The work-life balance is great. Enormous opportunity to you to grow in your career. ", " A very good company to be part of. Very flexible and lot of benefits ,.  Learning opportunity is very good with an amazing working culture and environment. Learnt end to end HR Operations including payroll &amp; benefits.  One of the best companies to work with. ", " Working in Microsoft is a wonderful experience. Learnt Team Handling, effective communication, Team work. Everyday was part of learning and there was always something new to learn. The review and rating is provided based on my individual role(salary/Job security) ", " Its great company to work for great future great salary and other benefits management is exceptional but no work life balance its just work work n work ", " Latest technologies were available for learning and for use in day today work. Management understands the work and the employee and respects all the resource and knowledge as their significant assets. Wonderful team efforts and co-workers. Every moment of work was enjoyable. Hardest part for me is I worked as a contingent staff and not as a direct MS staff. ", " Work Culture is good but there is lack of job security. Decision making is all up to management &amp; a slight mistake will make employees suffer because of non-profitability. ", " Too much of politics which is also accepted by some leaders in social conversations but nothing has been done to change it.  I worked for 10 years under Microsoft brand. I saw some great leaders across the board but the GD leadership was the worst I came across. It was shameful to work under some of the leaders in GD. Thank God I took decision on time to quit. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Good Organisation to work with. Only issue is Night Shifts. Overall, a good company to work with if one is ready to work in night shifts ", " Microsoft is a great company and this is their Pilot Project, having said that the work is not as complicated as it was in my previous company as it is still in a developing stage.However the Salary and the Benefits offered are great. ", " A very good company to be part of. Very flexible and lot of benefits ,.  Learning opportunity is very good with an amazing working culture and environment. Learnt end to end HR Operations including payroll &amp; benefits.  One of the best companies to work with. ", " Habituated to keep focus on the innovation and understanding the future and shaping and designing according to dynamic changes in digital world. ", " Working in Microsoft is a wonderful experience. Learnt Team Handling, effective communication, Team work. Everyday was part of learning and there was always something new to learn. The review and rating is provided based on my individual role(salary/Job security) ", " Great working in this company. Very supportive friends, colleagues and the team and management.  I was also developing my skills a lot along with their care and co-operation. I enjoyed working in this place. ", " As Microsoft student partner we have learned a lot of new things, not only about gadget but also came across various things like how to  deal with people, managing the subordinates etc :) ", " Great Brand and door opener. Heavily focussed on Licensing and hence sometimes loses sight of customers needs. Partner dependence is high. ", " Fun place to work at. Good work-life balance. More productive work place. It was good experience in Microsoft working on more Microsoft technologies. ", " Business Analysis and Project Management activities in agile environment. Agile and BA coaching to other teams. Product Backlog refinement. Work with engineering, operations and business to ensure solution development is aligned with business goals, adding value to the business. ", " Typical day starts with reviewing the previous case and work on current case of North American clients. Learnt most of the Microsoft technologies. Management was transparent. Co-workers were knowledgeable and helpful. Hardest part was when we had to extend the shift most of the time as issue had to be fixed. Most enjoyable was when we get the issue fixed in 30 minutes to 1 hour. ", " TELL CONSUMERS ABOUT WINDOWS DIVECES &amp; FEATURES,EXPLORE CONSUMER NEEDS, &amp; SALE YOUR PRODUCT.YOU HAVE TO UPDATE THE LATEST TECNOLOGIES &amp; NEWS ABOUT NEW LAUNCHES DEVICES AND FEATURES. YOU HAVE TO REPORTED YOUR SENIOR ABOUT THAT SALE AND FEATURES.YOU HAVE TO COMMUNICATE WITH OTHER GUYS IN YOUR TEAM ABOUT THE PRODUCT AND SALE &amp; TRIED TO LEARN NEW THINGS FROM THEM.THE MAIN WORK OF THIS JOB IS TO CONVENCE THE COUSTMER ABOUT YOUR PRODUCT AND TELL THEM HOW IS THIS USEFUL TO THEM &amp; HOW IS IT BETTER FOR OTHER PRODUCTS IN THE MARKET. BUT WHEN YOU GET THE SALARY ON THE FIRST DAY OF THE NEW MONTH YOU FORGET ALL THE TENSIONS . ", " My job in the lab was interesting with everyday having new challenges and issues to resolve and research on. Got to do dog-fooding on every new product. The team had a friendly atmosphere and overall the job was fun working on. ", " over all company is very good. the best part of employment is training. company very much trace about his training part. thats very enjoyable moment of my life. field force all colleague &amp; officers are good cooperative. ", " Good place to expertise the technical skills. System Centre skills were developed here at max. Working under great leadership was always fun and picking up the escalations were very challenging. ", " I like the validity of information and also like the energy that comes with working with people. The best thing about working in a group is combining the great minds from different perspectives and coming up with something extremely great, compared with when you're working alone.General reasons such as new challenges, interacting with people, growth and learning opportunities, using my initiative, working as part of a team and meeting set objectives and goals. ", " Too much of politics which is also accepted by some leaders in social conversations but nothing has been done to change it.  I worked for 10 years under Microsoft brand. I saw some great leaders across the board but the GD leadership was the worst I came across. It was shameful to work under some of the leaders in GD. Thank God I took decision on time to quit. ", " A TYPICAL DAY AT MY WORKPLACE WOULD BE SMOOTH RUNNING OF BANKING OPERATIONS AND GREETING CUSTOMERS AND COORDINATING WITH STAFF AT THE BRANCH.  LEARNT TO FUNCTION AS A TEAM KEEPING IN VIEW THE COMPANIES OBJECTIVES AND ACHIEVING TARGETS  USING LEADERSHIP AND SELF KNOWLEDGE IN MANAGING THE WORK  COORDINATING WITH MY STAFF AS A TEAM  HARDEST PART IS WHEN THERE ARE MANY CUSTOMERS AND BE RESPONSIBLE TO SERVICE THEM EFFICIENTLY  MOST ENJOYABLE PART WOULD BE THE DAY TO DAY INTERACTION BETWEEN MY COLLEAGUES AND CUSTOMERS ", " Learnt a lot from management and co-workers,that how the productive calls are coverted into sales and motivate the dealers to use and sell licensing and shown them how to earn profits out of it.Management overall was really helpful in all sectors.Most enjoyable part of job was to convert the piracy zone into licensing zone......it really motivated for my future endeavours. Also Learn how to Complete operation of MBO in terms of sales, inventory control, Sales Report Ambience and related commercial operations Followed up after sales and performs daily routine administrative procedures ", "  \tI am responsible for handling Portfolio  related to OEM Business  and Server OEM Business .  \tI am responsible for Managing and nourishing the B2B Business and Distribution Business.    \tHandled  Tier 1 ,Tier 2  as well as SMB Channel Partners across Territory.  \tHandled Relationship management with the Partners and distributors for back end support .  \tEnsured right product mix for provided to the customers in order to achieve the sales target leading to  overall profitability of the organization.  \tI am  well versed with the market dynamic, cost sensitivity &amp; competition.  \tI am handling a  sales team of 4 members  for  acquiring key and strategic accounts "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Great working in this company. Very supportive friends, colleagues and the team and management.  I was also developing my skills a lot along with their care and co-operation. I enjoyed working in this place. ", " Business Analysis and Project Management activities in agile environment. Agile and BA coaching to other teams. Product Backlog refinement. Work with engineering, operations and business to ensure solution development is aligned with business goals, adding value to the business. ", " Very good perks, team outings and also good work life balance. The management is always accessible and will help in animation critical case ", " good to work not much work pressure, lot things to learn. only issue is night shift , if you are comfortable with it..then good to work with. ", " Microsoft is an excellent place to work. I absolutely loved the work culture. It provides the employees loads of opportunities to learn and grow. ", " Microsoft gives a different environment to the candidates and helps them to learn more about IT or their particular field ", " Great place to work! You will find lots of competent and fun loving folks here. The atmosphere is great for doing independent work and flexible hours. ", " I have learnt a lot and i was like anything to do type of nature.  Hardest part is leaving my job as doctors prescribed to for total bed rest.  Coordinating with the team is the enjoyable part of my job. ", " Its a good place to work, but no work life balance. Many opportunists  to learn but mismanagement makes the employees to feel dis satisfied. Many competitions and prizes are there to feel enthusiastic ", " Good place to work but the management is not transparent, because we don't see the implementation in reality gets updated but takes it own time ", " Good working environment, good Management Need to stretch some times  good work exposure good job culture good work life balance ", " The environment is excellent and company do take care of the employees. The trust and freedom offered make you give your more than 100%. ", " i have enjoyed my job at microsoft because they provideded work and life balance .and salary &amp; benifits very good in microsoft. ", " The organizations I worked with were good. It was a good experience of handling and working with multiple people and their mindsets. ", " Work Culture is good but there is lack of job security. Decision making is all up to management &amp; a slight mistake will make employees suffer because of non-profitability. ", " This is one of the best places to work in India. Great Culture. Great Managers. Great Opportunities.   Best place to be at considering where Microsoft is heading ", " - Engineering architecture and design discussions - People Management - Project Management - Team meetings  - Fun coworkers  - Hardest part: ever changing culture  - Enjoyable part: Variety in projects ", " TELL CONSUMERS ABOUT WINDOWS DIVECES &amp; FEATURES,EXPLORE CONSUMER NEEDS, &amp; SALE YOUR PRODUCT.YOU HAVE TO UPDATE THE LATEST TECNOLOGIES &amp; NEWS ABOUT NEW LAUNCHES DEVICES AND FEATURES. YOU HAVE TO REPORTED YOUR SENIOR ABOUT THAT SALE AND FEATURES.YOU HAVE TO COMMUNICATE WITH OTHER GUYS IN YOUR TEAM ABOUT THE PRODUCT AND SALE &amp; TRIED TO LEARN NEW THINGS FROM THEM.THE MAIN WORK OF THIS JOB IS TO CONVENCE THE COUSTMER ABOUT YOUR PRODUCT AND TELL THEM HOW IS THIS USEFUL TO THEM &amp; HOW IS IT BETTER FOR OTHER PRODUCTS IN THE MARKET. BUT WHEN YOU GET THE SALARY ON THE FIRST DAY OF THE NEW MONTH YOU FORGET ALL THE TENSIONS . ", " Typical day starts with reviewing the previous case and work on current case of North American clients. Learnt most of the Microsoft technologies. Management was transparent. Co-workers were knowledgeable and helpful. Hardest part was when we had to extend the shift most of the time as issue had to be fixed. Most enjoyable was when we get the issue fixed in 30 minutes to 1 hour. ", " Awesome company. best days of my life. very good manager. happy with salary. happy with progress and career development. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Good place to work,   good facilities,   Mid level managers are very shrewd.   No opportunity for growth  Most enjoyable part is sports facilities. ", " Did not learn much as immediate senior knew almost nothing.   Had to learn job responsibility on daily basis   Organisation marred by office politics  Wasted my time really. ", " Work culture is good Growth Platform  Challenging work Good Management  Working under high pressure is the hardest part of the job, Appreciations over project completions ", " You would be having an learning experience and an Impactful work -Good work/life balance -Highly motivated teams -Good Management ", " the company provided a free motivation of job satisfication and a rigid work platform and the company developed the ability to work in a compact ideas and solutions. ", " I like the validity of information and also like the energy that comes with working with people. The best thing about working in a group is combining the great minds from different perspectives and coming up with something extremely great, compared with when you're working alone.General reasons such as new challenges, interacting with people, growth and learning opportunities, using my initiative, working as part of a team and meeting set objectives and goals. ", " I m a average student in beginning ,more focus on better preforming,like to lisning music painting and art work.Another side belive in new innovative idea or sometime confuse about human behavier ", " It is a great experience working with Microsoft and its clients, Challenging tasks and managers that support in every aspect. ", " A great place with a peaceful work environment. Helpful co-workers. supportive management. Good work culture and work ethics. Had enough opportunities and space to learn and grow. ", " i have learnt new technology, with new co-workers. At beginning i worked with a group of students but finally we were divided to work in individual as the project was small. ", " Excellent company and friendly environment. Nice work culture and great team to work. Flexible timings and lot of new technologies to learn ", " Microsoft is one of the best companies to work with.   The management is good and helps employees plan and build their careers.  This is also one of the best companies in terms of benefits given to employees ", " Too much of politics which is also accepted by some leaders in social conversations but nothing has been done to change it.  I worked for 10 years under Microsoft brand. I saw some great leaders across the board but the GD leadership was the worst I came across. It was shameful to work under some of the leaders in GD. Thank God I took decision on time to quit. ", " i learned more about important on health, management if very good, i enjoyed thoroughly in duty hours free health care service they are provided for me  facilities are good ", " A TYPICAL DAY AT MY WORKPLACE WOULD BE SMOOTH RUNNING OF BANKING OPERATIONS AND GREETING CUSTOMERS AND COORDINATING WITH STAFF AT THE BRANCH.  LEARNT TO FUNCTION AS A TEAM KEEPING IN VIEW THE COMPANIES OBJECTIVES AND ACHIEVING TARGETS  USING LEADERSHIP AND SELF KNOWLEDGE IN MANAGING THE WORK  COORDINATING WITH MY STAFF AS A TEAM  HARDEST PART IS WHEN THERE ARE MANY CUSTOMERS AND BE RESPONSIBLE TO SERVICE THEM EFFICIENTLY  MOST ENJOYABLE PART WOULD BE THE DAY TO DAY INTERACTION BETWEEN MY COLLEAGUES AND CUSTOMERS ", " The Troubleshooting of Microsoft is entirely different from the normal Troubleshooting. We went in depth to understand the issues. ", " i am in second year..and i have joined MIC from jan 2015..this year..and its about a month am working here..as an intern..i do my project related works  in my free time with all fun. ", " MS is a great place to work.  Management and co-workers are friendly in nature. Learning on the job is very good It is great place for People who would love to face the challenges and learn from the job. ", " Learnt a lot from management and co-workers,that how the productive calls are coverted into sales and motivate the dealers to use and sell licensing and shown them how to earn profits out of it.Management overall was really helpful in all sectors.Most enjoyable part of job was to convert the piracy zone into licensing zone......it really motivated for my future endeavours. Also Learn how to Complete operation of MBO in terms of sales, inventory control, Sales Report Ambience and related commercial operations Followed up after sales and performs daily routine administrative procedures ", " Amazing company to grow professionally and build skills and competencies "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " As Microsoft student partner we have learned a lot of new things, not only about gadget but also came across various things like how to  deal with people, managing the subordinates etc :) ", " A TYPICAL DAY AT MY WORKPLACE WOULD BE SMOOTH RUNNING OF BANKING OPERATIONS AND GREETING CUSTOMERS AND COORDINATING WITH STAFF AT THE BRANCH.  LEARNT TO FUNCTION AS A TEAM KEEPING IN VIEW THE COMPANIES OBJECTIVES AND ACHIEVING TARGETS  USING LEADERSHIP AND SELF KNOWLEDGE IN MANAGING THE WORK  COORDINATING WITH MY STAFF AS A TEAM  HARDEST PART IS WHEN THERE ARE MANY CUSTOMERS AND BE RESPONSIBLE TO SERVICE THEM EFFICIENTLY  MOST ENJOYABLE PART WOULD BE THE DAY TO DAY INTERACTION BETWEEN MY COLLEAGUES AND CUSTOMERS ", " It was my first professional work and good learning, good challenging work and environment,good co-workers and only issue was work timings. ", " very challenging way of work everyday, got to learned many things about the market, business , economy. The manegement is good on every level, co workers are supportive and the hardest part is to handle a bulk deal which is the most enjoyable part also of my work. ", " Roles and Responsibilities - Have concentrated and developed a great deal of knowledge and technical expertise in all areas of SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and .NET.  - Good Communication skills. - Good analytical skills. - Self-confident and good customer handling skills. - Good listening skills, Calm under pressure, Patient. - Quick in solving issues of Clients. - Able to resolve the difficult cases on my own. - Worked efficiently according to the customer\u2019s expectation with follow ups updating the client about the work in progress. - Received great feedback from clients. ", " My job in the lab was interesting with everyday having new challenges and issues to resolve and research on. Got to do dog-fooding on every new product. The team had a friendly atmosphere and overall the job was fun working on. ", " Every day it is changeling and I get hands on experience in process of troubleshooting the problem. The management team is extremely good and they are open to debate the suggestions or problems that we have, when it comes to the co-workers its extremely good. I enjoy all the projects that i am into. ", " I like the validity of information and also like the energy that comes with working with people. The best thing about working in a group is combining the great minds from different perspectives and coming up with something extremely great, compared with when you're working alone.General reasons such as new challenges, interacting with people, growth and learning opportunities, using my initiative, working as part of a team and meeting set objectives and goals. ", " Work starts from 10 and continues till late in night (many times till 9-10 PM) Skills involved with OJT, many features of recently launched software from Microsoft. Poor management with not so wide view and analytical skills of market they were trying to penetrate. Bad image of company among dealers and distributors. Not a lot of enjoyable time was spent with the employer. ", " My typical day at work involves exciting and challenging work. I love the work I do but I am unhappy with the way the team is managed. We do not get any sort of appreciation or motivation from the manager. He does not care for the morale and motivation of the team. My team members are fun to work with. ", " Microsoft is an excellent place to work. I absolutely loved the work culture. It provides the employees loads of opportunities to learn and grow. ", " over all company is very good. the best part of employment is training. company very much trace about his training part. thats very enjoyable moment of my life. field force all colleague &amp; officers are good cooperative. ", " MS has been the most exciting place I ever worked with ! This is a paradise for technology focused professionals. Work environment is awesome ! ", " 1) Exposed to Performance and Load Testing 2)  Team Collaboration  3)  Excellent Client Coordination  4) Exposed  to DevOps Tools ", " A great place with a peaceful work environment. Helpful co-workers. supportive management. Good work culture and work ethics. Had enough opportunities and space to learn and grow. ", " Good place to expertise the technical skills. System Centre skills were developed here at max. Working under great leadership was always fun and picking up the escalations were very challenging. ", " I thoroughly enjoyed my stint of 4 years and 8 months with Microsoft India as a vendor. I was a v dash employee. My payroll was being managed by V5 Global. ", " I did an internship for a period of one month in Adecco understanding the end to end process from a Recruitment consultancy point of view. ", "  \tAct as the first point of contact for service request calls and requisitions through data and voice support  \tEnsure each request is recorded properly and promptly  \tDispatch a Work Request to the person responsible for its completion  \tFollow up of each Work Request issued to ensure its closure  \tProvide feedback to the requestor on the status of their request  \tMonitor the performance of contractors to whom a Work Request has been issued  \tNotify the Senior Facilities Manager/ or Account Manager on site at the time of all Emergency Calls ", " I would not like to leave Microsoft but since I recently got a Canadian PR visa, I am looking for jobs in Canada "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " awesome work and ppl and nice projects to work on,  higly motivated people and ", " Excellent work environment Great resources Everything has got a process... ", " Direct Partner/Customer calls.  I enjoy my job reason, I am passionate about sales. I love sales, marketing, meeting people and talking about my products and I love travelling the most. ", " Will provide later about all these   a typical day at work  what you learned  management  your co-workers  the hardest part of the job  the most enjoyable part of the job ", " Microsoft as technology company you have good opportunity to learn technology and open culture help you to become expert. ", " Need to have a job security, No Vendor pay roles  working with Microsoft has given me a good exposure to infopath forms and work with them ", " Excellent place to Work. Very good learning, excellent employee benefits, a great work culture. ", " Benefits of working at Microsoft are simple, its a trusted brand worldwide, lots of culture and amazing training programs. ", " I would not like to leave Microsoft but since I recently got a Canadian PR visa, I am looking for jobs in Canada ", " Very flexible company with great learning and good people. ", " Microsoft Student Partner is the life's turning point. i got to learn everything in Technology after I became MSP only. It is awesome platform for students to equip themselves. ", " working in Infosys for Microsoft Partners was a great experience. Very good working enviornment. Improved a lot of communication skills,  and how to tackle with clients and escalations. ", " Working with Tech giant a different experience Supportive Team &amp; Manager Exposure to different industry verticals ", " .Reaching out to the customers -Managing partners &amp; virtual team -Excellent Team -Competitive Market -Drive to close &amp; the high from achievements ", " Its a good place to work with ample opportunities. There are really great products that you can work on and make an impact. Salary is competitive and other benefits are also good. ", " Work life balance is good and easy environment. good infrastructure ", " A typical day at work would begin with stand up calls with the on shore and off shore team discussing status and the developers giving out their plan of the day.  Microsoft is about all brilliant minds working together generating great ideas everyday.  The beautiful and lavish campus has all the games you can name it.  The gifts and gadgets you get every year is remarkable. The hardest part of the job is long hours you spend at work.  The co-workers are equally smart and hardworking so to some extent there is this rat race to get better and do more.  In nut shell Lots of opportunities and lots of learning and lots of gifts and lot and lots of work. ", " Hard work &amp; smart work. All DG sets,&amp; DG servicing Ashok Layland assembling and disassembling. EFS reports &amp; handling checklist. my co-workers like to group up with me to work. DG Servicing. all types of engine B Check. ", " Good experience. I believe I need not provide feedback for each and every project I did at Infosys. An overall idea of it would be good to have, ", " .Day starts with the requirement for the issues to be addressed on priority. . Learned about the way the meeting are to be conducted and train the new staff. . It was nerve a burden full Job. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Good place to expertise the technical skills. System Centre skills were developed here at max. Working under great leadership was always fun and picking up the escalations were very challenging. ", " .Reaching out to the customers -Managing partners &amp; virtual team -Excellent Team -Competitive Market -Drive to close &amp; the high from achievements ", " over all company is very good. the best part of employment is training. company very much trace about his training part. thats very enjoyable moment of my life. field force all colleague &amp; officers are good cooperative. ", " All the procedure followed in microsoft is very good. The work culture is excellent. Employees in Microsoft are very helpful. ", " 1) Exposed to Performance and Load Testing 2)  Team Collaboration  3)  Excellent Client Coordination  4) Exposed  to DevOps Tools ", "  \tAct as the first point of contact for service request calls and requisitions through data and voice support  \tEnsure each request is recorded properly and promptly  \tDispatch a Work Request to the person responsible for its completion  \tFollow up of each Work Request issued to ensure its closure  \tProvide feedback to the requestor on the status of their request  \tMonitor the performance of contractors to whom a Work Request has been issued  \tNotify the Senior Facilities Manager/ or Account Manager on site at the time of all Emergency Calls ", " I had the best work environment, awesome co-workers, friends and managers. Its not just what i felt about my work place, you take reviews about me from anyone in my past work place and you will find exactly what i am talking here and may be even more appraisal for me.   So the better question would be- With everything fantastic in my work place, why am looking for another work place.With everything nice while working in corporate,the only concern i had was my health and weight gain. I had gained 15kgs in last 6 years and I was trying different products, food, pills and weight loss methods to gain the control back over my weight. However everything would work for a while but at the end of the year the weight would be same or little more. I already had noticed the failure loop and my confidence was going down.Then i gave another chance to a new method which I felt right with Integrative Nutrition. My teachers and mentors started guiding me in my health journey. In one year, I got rid of my age old habits like- Alcohol, smoking, Cold drinks, Tea/Coffee, Fried snacks, Cakes, Sweets, late night snacks\u2026so on, started exercising, eating right, and sleeping well which helped me reduce 17kgs in ~8 months which I never got back. All these life style habit change and food habits inclusion happened when I was working 9-5 job. I found the simplicity of the life style and food habits integration in a corporate working life very easy. I always love simple things and that is what I discovered.    I became very passionate to help corporate people to regain their greatest possession the ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> same way i did it. With my huge experience in corporate working environment, I know all the challenges corporate employees face and I can relate to all the challenges like no other. After my own huge success and my clients success, my belief \u2013\u201dLoseIsGain\u201d that- \u201cFirst, you don't need anything new, losing your present unhealthy food and life style habit is a massive gain!\u201c, became a simple truth. And i am continuing my journey to coach as many people as i can. ", " Work life balance is good and easy environment. good infrastructure ", " It is a good organization where  I have collected lot of information in team management ", " Great Comapny to be a part of. work culture is  on a easy side, great people to guide and wokrk along with ", " Co workers are very helpful, benefits are so many. Learning stops at some point. Managers are very good. ", " Microsoft is a great company to work for. It allows and helps groom an individual desired career goals. ", " Best place tok work. Management is approachable anytime of the day. ", " MS provides flexible work routine and work from home policy to its employees. You wont find managers chasing its team member, keeping a tab on the number of breaks, swiping your card in short the company makes to feel responsible.  It pampers its employees to the most by keeping flexible work hours, providing the best of food vendors, informal work environment. ", " Poor management is hampering entire company a typical day at work what you learned ma ", " A great place to work at. Great set of managers and excellent culture . ", " good to work not much work pressure, lot things to learn. only issue is night shift , if you are comfortable with it..then good to work with. ", " I have learnt a lot and i was like anything to do type of nature.  Hardest part is leaving my job as doctors prescribed to for total bed rest.  Coordinating with the team is the enjoyable part of my job. ", " The environment is excellent and company do take care of the employees. The trust and freedom offered make you give your more than 100%. ", " Microsoft, is one company, i would love to go back and work for, in the future. This company is the only company, till date, who has rewarded me for successful completion of tasks and activities. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Tectura is a company where you will get to learn and explore new skills every day.  You will have good set of colleges around you that always ready to help you with their excellent knowledge and skills. Team work is the major positive of this company. ", " More to learn, multiple growth paths, good product platform company ", " Learning Microsoft technologies that too in the awesome microsoft office is too good. Working with other MSP is also joyful. ", " It is a good organization where  I have collected lot of information in team management ", " I have a good communicate of the job here..And More experience of The job it is the hardest Part of the job. ", " Great Comapny to be a part of. work culture is  on a easy side, great people to guide and wokrk along with ", " Poor management is hampering entire company a typical day at work what you learned ma ", "  \tInvolved in employee engagement activities for over 100 employees  \tUnderstood the rhythm of the business (ROB) and contributed to planning discussions and anticipate business needs and challenges.  \tIdentify the training requirements for the team and co-ordinate trainings  \tHeadcount management by maintaining the positions allotted and capacity planning.  \tWork with management and stakeholders to identify, develop and communicate priorities to drive outcomes to completion  \tUse knowledge of organizational and corporate HR policies and procedures and act as a resource to communicate, educate, and drive consistency across the team.  \tManage and onboard contingent business support staff.  \tCo-ordinate the entry and exit formalities for the employee  \tInvolved in budget processes, produce reports, planning, forecast, managing and tracking, operating expenses for the team  \tUnderstands and recognizes the repercussions of non-compliance and raises concerns when necessary. Ensures compliance when working with vendors and partners.  \tActively participates in the discipline community, and documents and shares best practices to increase efficiency in business groups ", " All the procedure followed in microsoft is very good. The work culture is excellent. Employees in Microsoft are very helpful. ", " MS provides flexible work routine and work from home policy to its employees. You wont find managers chasing its team member, keeping a tab on the number of breaks, swiping your card in short the company makes to feel responsible.  It pampers its employees to the most by keeping flexible work hours, providing the best of food vendors, informal work environment. ", " Worked as a Product Feedback Analyst (PFA)\\Senior Associate \u2013 My job role involves analyzing the documentation done by the Microsoft agents regarding customer\u2019s technical queries on Windows OS, MS Office and other Microsoft products.  Code the details out in a decision tree (SBIS-Tool) using formulated methodology after simulating\\reproducing the issues so as to make the data available for the development team for fixing issues (glitches\\bugs\\customer\u2019s feature request) with the Microsoft products. ", " Microsoft is the one of the big company in around the world top leading . ", " Microsoft, is one company, i would love to go back and work for, in the future. This company is the only company, till date, who has rewarded me for successful completion of tasks and activities. ", " good co workers are supportive i learnd much more thinks about networking. ", " Microsoft is a great company to work for. It allows and helps groom an individual desired career goals. ", " Days work would be to resolve issues related to Exchange Server. Kind of interesting workplace where learning and work comes together. Day on day basis the issues which we take would differ due to high customer customization and interesting resolutions for unique cases. Management is supportive to employees creative ideas and a good team to go along. The most enjoyable part would be my team, where people understand each other and help everyone getting to the top. ", " I refer my current workplace to be a university, an organization which pays me good to learn and enhance my technical and analytical skills. It has trained me on Microsoft technologies, building and maintaining customer relationships, managing time, work, and personal life. I work among the brightest minds having in-depth knowledge of business and technology. They are friendly and overwhelming people. The hardest part of the job according to me is that it is not people oriented job, no travel, no exposure of latest trends in the world. The most enjoyable part of the job is amount of work distributed and among each individual according to their capacity and capability. ", " Good starter company, has taught me lot of things, salary is good, people get recognized, to my surprise management was good too. ", " Good work culture Flexible timing, which I always liked. Lot of learning during tenure at MSN. ", " This is a nice process to be with. Anyone can learn about windows. Kind of work microsoft technicians are doing is great. Great customer support. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " The company has an awesome level of energy flowing through it. Love working here. ", " Worlds best software company to work for. Worlds best software company.Worlds best software company ", " Responsible for end  to end Delivery of the Project.  Requirement Analysis , Design , Hands on Coding, Development , People Management , Product Development . ", "  \tAct as the first point of contact for service request calls and requisitions through data and voice support  \tEnsure each request is recorded properly and promptly  \tDispatch a Work Request to the person responsible for its completion  \tFollow up of each Work Request issued to ensure its closure  \tProvide feedback to the requestor on the status of their request  \tMonitor the performance of contractors to whom a Work Request has been issued  \tNotify the Senior Facilities Manager/ or Account Manager on site at the time of all Emergency Calls ", " typical day at work was full of enthusiasm and knowledge sharing. engineers came together to solve business down situation where in other sections of the business helped to provide a seamless support to the customers.  The skills i learnt at Microsoft are: time management, quick grasping new technology, event management and customer handling skills. My work also expected me to be be fluent at English speaking and writing as well as excel in public presentation.   The most difficult part at the beginning was collaboration with different technical teams which eventually was resolved as i learned the skill of networking which helped me pull in experts from various fields when required. Also the same was returned, I was a Go-to person for many engineers and promptly helped them on calls. ", " If you want to grow at Microsoft, you will have to be ready to burn yourself. ", " Got to work on many different cutting-edge technologies . Very helping co-workers,Mentors , and Managers . Many fun and outdoor activities . Outings and Parties . ", " it's good experience working in Accenture company and also have good life-work balance ", " \uf0a7\tDrove the planning for manual testing scenarios of Visual Studio by collecting inputs and pain points from various channels, defining customer value propositions and writing detailed specs and storyboards for the scenarios. \uf0a7\tPerformed market analysis and compete studies to get a deep understanding of the market and the competition. ", " My career started at this great place where i fell in love with Human Resource Job.   I was in the first pilot team that was hired as a in-house recruitment group which was dedicated to hire through low cost channels like social networking sites and job sites. It was indeed a great experience in terms of improving my verbal and written communications skills. I did had lot proud moments when i was part of hiring bulk numbers in a short period of span.   I got to travel across cities in India to hire experienced folks and learn event management. ", " With lots of smart and talented peers  Good work life balance ", " Over 8 years of experience in database administration, modeling, analysis, implementation, performance monitoring and tuning using SQL Servers 2012/2008R2/2008/2005/2000 ", " No any typical day. I learnt more things. Management is good. Co- workers are very good and helpful. No any hardest day. I enjoy everyday of my job. ", " very challenging way of work everyday, got to learned many things about the market, business , economy. The manegement is good on every level, co workers are supportive and the hardest part is to handle a bulk deal which is the most enjoyable part also of my work. ", " working on Web based software. Platforms JSP,Servlet,Struts ", " A place where you can really learn a lot about technology. Good people, good company ", " 1st Job to take during my summer break, was more fun than work as it was assisting Customer play games. ", " In Microsoft I daily learnt new things by facing daily new challenges.  ", " excellent work life balance, great  support from management , choice of work type ", " One of the best organization with latest technology and employee friendly. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Productive and good place to Learn.Good environamnet. Was put into different proejcts where i got an oppurtunity to learn new technologies. ", " Best place to work on the earth,if you are an absolute geek.Training and coding with the team is so much fun. ", " At present working as Ad Trafficker \u2013 International Language Specialist( Spanish ) on behalf of Microsoft Digital Media in Theorem India Pvt Ltd. ", " It was a good experience working with MNC like Infosys. I learnd how to behave in a corporate world. how to manage work and stress. ", " Excellent work environment Great resources Everything has got a process... ", " 1. Analyze the business scenarios to translate them into clear compelling business requirements, define standards &amp; processes around BI assets, and partner with delivery and engineering teams 2. Exposure in establishing a fact-based governance model to aid decisions around BI programs &amp; projects, responsible for BI architecture and strategy, aligning investments to the Enterprise Services business capabilities in partnership with Services LOB capability owners, capability architects, field operations, field business excellence teams and IT delivery. 3. Proven capabilities in optimizing BI portfolio, manage multi-year roadmaps, conceptualize BI architecture and design, lead cross functional teams with the LOB SME's to analyze and rationalize business needs. 4. Extensive experience in driving BI initiatives, requirements, governance, planning, processes, solution design, architecture, and technologies that deliver high visibility business intelligence solutions for the Enterprise Services business 5. Devised BI Adoption Strategies on behalf of the subsidiaries and successfully running it for nearly a year. Helped many ISVs to build BI practice and create BI offerings. 6. Hands on experience of managing delivery of Microsoft Partner Consulting with key focus on exceeding all delivery &amp; people metrics along with Business Development. ", " Work pressure is too high that is the reason i am looking for a job change back to procurement ", " awesome work and ppl and nice projects to work on,  higly motivated people and ", " Microsoft workplace is very nice.Currently i am working on BizTalk Server product in Microsoft IDC. ", " Got to work on many different cutting-edge technologies . Very helping co-workers,Mentors , and Managers . Many fun and outdoor activities . Outings and Parties . ", " Learned many things new in terms of business &amp; technology . We engage with many Partners  , training them , motivating them for the business growth .  ", " One of the best organization with latest technology and employee friendly. ", " The company has an awesome level of energy flowing through it. Love working here. ", " Very Nice place to work ,Professional environment, friendly staff. ", " Learning Microsoft technologies that too in the awesome microsoft office is too good. Working with other MSP is also joyful. ", " Good experience. I believe I need not provide feedback for each and every project I did at Infosys. An overall idea of it would be good to have, ", " Very flexible company with great learning and good people. ", " Microsoft is the one of the big company in around the world top leading . ", " 1) A typical day of work starts at 9 Am EST. 2) I have learnt a lot about troubleshooting skills. ", " I have a good communicate of the job here..And More experience of The job it is the hardest Part of the job. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " It is a nice place to work and learn. It also provides flexible work options for employees ", " If you want to grow at Microsoft, you will have to be ready to burn yourself. ", " Good company to work grt people to work with learnt lot many new things and the team is very supportive. ", " It working good working with Microsoft and learn moretechnologies ", " Provided me with technical growth and allowed me to work on latest technologies ", " No security  An everyday threat  Enjoyable part of the job was to travel to different places. ", " The best team - best manager and best company to work for.Great visibility at corporate  ", " Great place to work, brilliant co-workers, exciting future ahead. ", " Marketing Database Database Intellegence Sale Excellence Predective modelling ", " TCS is a one of the best companies and Microsoft client is one of the best clients to work with ", " Huge repository of information about MS products. Clear winner in terms of the scope of learning development. ", " i am a Microsoft front line support Engineer in Wipro Ltd  my co-workers are helping me to improving exchange knowledge ", " 1st Job to take during my summer break, was more fun than work as it was assisting Customer play games. ", " This is a good place to work with all facilities and learning. ", " It was amazing working with Microsoft.  I look forward to working with them again.  Thanks, Shruthi ", " - Process Oriented Organization - Build Relationship with OEM partner ", " Good Place to work.I am working as a vendor from past 2 year, i am not much happy with my work. ", " ....great place to work, nice ppl, no dress code.....peacefull ", " Microsoft is the best place to work indeed everyone wants to be a part of such organization. ", " In Microsoft I daily learnt new things by facing daily new challenges.  "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Friendly work culture with one of the best working atmosphere, strong values, and most efficient work force....it was my finest experience to be part of Microsoft ", " This is very nice company to work with and a dream company for all the IT professionals ", " productive, fun, good collaborative, very friendly environment, good work culture, great place to work. ", " It was an unpaid short term internship that gave me insight into the Microsoft world. It was fun and it taught me team work above all. i was in highschool back then with week programming skills so they taught us so programming basics on visual basic which was easy and beneficial. ", " Microsoft has trouble getting out of its own way.  Personal politics play a too important role in this company.  The management is afraid of making a wrong decision so they don't make them until its too late and then the employees are the ones who suffer, not management. It's an old story and it can be seen throughout the industry.  Too bad that MS can't figure it out either. ", " The BEST in all respects -- company, culture, people. Evenything about the company is awesome -- systems, people, management, work environment, loved it all. ", " Working at MSFT helped me learn many of the solution offerings Microsoft develops to help customers run better.  I was happy to be part of the Dynamics Team and Azure launch in Canada. ", " Despit the team were on half-vacation mode. The team tried their best to offer me variety of experiences of how to deal with the agencies on a client side.  I have the chance to participate a weekly meeting each Monday in the morning. Then some randomly meeting with the agencies or facing the internal groups discusing strategies of Microsoft's launch project for new products.  The most enjoyable part was cooperating with the agencies. My job was to communicate and review their project. This is also the hardest part of the job, which I was forced to work overtime occassionally. ", " Went through 5-6 re-orgs per year. Not able to get management to allow us to finish projects before moving on. Somewhat ok work life balance. Good benefits. ", " It was a great place to work while I was there. The company culture is second to none and there are upward mobility opportunities in the future. Make sure to get into corporate rather than the retail side. Microsoft retail stores are still retail at the end of the day. ", " Interesting technology shows the need and importance of business data access worldwide. Escalation hierarchy,at the time, was lacking along with dissemination of tools useful for the support role. ", " MSR is a great place to work in. Good work life balance. Great people to work with. However management in HR is not great. They could use better personnel policies. ", " always learning something new. comp is good, work life balance is good because you get a good amount of pto. if you can be in a project that's stable and performs well your job is secure. ", " I assist in data center upgrade support and application and conduct multiple laboratory walkthrough tests ensuring standard requirements along with documenting configuration solutions. ", " Great place to work, very flexible with your schedule.  Campus is beautiful, free drinks and food and lots of options to let you have fun on the job.  No complaints except I am always happy with better pay! ", " You can learn how to build large-scale, high-available applications and run them as online services.  There are lots of smart co-workers you can learn from. ", " fun place to work, meeting new people to train, learning new things to train on, making sure people know how to do their jobs, and be safe about it, lots of support ", " Frustrating, surrounded by brilliant engineers and we continuously shoot ourselves in the foot with politics, empire building and cross team fighting. ", " Microsoft has a good workplace culture. The emphasis is on delivering meaningful customer results. the company also embraces diversity and critical thinking.  The main challenge I run into is politics at senior levels. ", " What can you say?  It's Microsoft.  Your primary job is not what you will be graded on.  There will always be people looking to run faster than you, if not faster than the bear. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " We live by a collective commitment to honesty, integrity and diversity. We are open and inclusive, taking and applying the best ideas from every part of our company. ", " Working for Microsoft was a pleasure, because the employees were professional, supportive and true fans of their brand. The company offers paid training, amazing benefits, and opportunities for advancement towards those that are willing to relocate and grow with the company. ", " Microsoft is the 800lbs gorilla that struggles with the basics. They are unorganized and promote people to a level of incompetence. Then look for others in the group to blame. Good thing they have cash cows like Windows and office to pay the bills because the hardware guys are a joke. ", " fun places to work, with a large range of dynamic people. fun working culture through out. based on part time working- these were the best places i have ever worked. ", " Microsoft means more to the technology industry than any company on the planet. From the partner network, to the customers to the employees, there is no company that has a greater impact on technology than Microsoft. As impressive as that is there is also no other technology company that has a greater impact in their communities. Every year Microsoft and it's employees give millions of dollars to local causes. Living in the Redmond area I see this every day. ", " Overall one of the easiest going workplaces I've ever been at. Benefits are amazing, although they have been steadily being removed over the last few years. Management has too many layers that are never on the same page and contradict each other at every turn. That's really the only bad thing I have to say. It can be difficult to know what you're supposed to be doing at a given time, as that depends on what part of management you're reporting to at the moment. Your priorities change sometimes several times a day, along with what is and is not able to be used to get the job done. ", " My 2 years as a contracted employee at Microsoft was an overall positive experience. While there are a lot of very intelligent and driven people, skilled management, and fantastic leadership, there is a culture of over-protectiveness over job roles which makes projects more difficult to complete than necessary. ", " Micosoft is the ideal place to work. All Microsoft employees work together as a team and have strong business bond, whether locally or remotely. Business benefit and employee development is the top priority and there's always room for growth. Microsoft carries high work ethics and the work culture is very positive. ", " I would spend most days writing copy that was used in Skype for Business software updates. The management and culture of the office were fantastic, and it was a great place to work. ", " Working here was a completely different experience to anywhere else I have worked before this. Having such a professional environment be coupled with casual dress and friendly faces everywhere promoted a very positive environment. ", " Worked many overtime hours and learned system setup as a vendor.  Really like the Microsoft employees I worked with.  Worked hard because it made a difference. ", " Its alright, you can find other places to work for and make way more money. If your goal is to work for corporate Microsoft then you have to have a degree and certifications. The benefits are good, they have tuition assistant for school. However, if you are part time there are some benefits that you do not qualify for. Depending on your managers some are good and some are bad. Micromanagement is a huge issue in some stores, most are over privileged with hardly any experience and undermining towards others can be a huge problem for some people. ", " 1. Great experience by learning innovative technology and boost self - confidence 2. The update office management and communication skills 3. Team building and kick off provided me with a lot of cooperation and think as a team not one person 4. Accomplishment feeling after our team has finished a mission 5. Management style is US Style since my managers are from US, they offered me a self- realized process rather than a pressure ", " Working at Microsoft is amazing and I would recommend it to anyone. Management has its ups and downs but you get used to it. When there weren't customers to help, we always found fun ways to get them to even walk in and explore the store. Great customer database and very versatile. Love the snacks they provide and how we give customers drinks, whether it was a hot or cold day. So many different things to do at Microsoft and it is great.   Overall great experiences at Microsoft. ", " Microsoft is an amazing company to work for with outstanding benefits, a one of a kind culture and a vision for the future that's clear and exciting!  Everyone works very hard and the company places tremendous value on contributing to the success of others so there's no shortage of help when you need it. ", " They provide all the tools to be successful, Fun environment were your customers are awesome individuals we empower each other. You have your day to day challenges where everything is your fault or Bill Gates but nothing compared to any other company I have worked for. Its always an easy situation to turn around for the most part. I learn so much and have opportunities to take certifications that you would have to go to college for. Hands Down best company I've worked for so far. ", " When the retail division started it was a great opportunity. Every day was exciting and new. Management  had huge turn over within about the 3rd year of being employed which hindered the  culture as we knew it. The initial culture for retail was phenomenal unlike i've ever been a part of. With new leadership and new company goals it started to take a different turn. The hardest part of hr job was the long hours, as leadership we would work unheard of hours. The most enjoyable part of he job was the people! Both the customers and co-workers were a delight! many great and memorable friendships. ", " MS has been an excellent employer for many all over the world.  I was glad to have been a part of the organization.  It is a company with great programs, innovation and interesting projects.    There are some really great managers at the company and some groups that are highly functioning.  I was lucky enough to work in just such a team.  There are also a lot of folks who were promoted to management without any support or training for their success.    the company culture is a little harsh, and though our HR folks have attempted to work to change the culture, there hasn't been much movement toward a better company culture which is more positive and inclusive. ", " This is where high achievers go.  What a great place to work.  The pay and benefits are outstanding.  The culture is one of learning and achieving.  It's amazing.  You can be yourself. You can try things.    Leadership leads. ", " The project involved migrating Windows test automation libraries from legacy components to an extensible framework suite. I worked as a consultant software engineer in the test team.\u202f  My responsibilities were:  Working with Windows RPC engineers (SDETs) to understand legacy components and the new framework suite.  Planning and execute migration (write code) of test automation chapters to the new framework.  Building, deploying, and testing migrated code in the new framework. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Work with state of the art technologies and major customers is one of the plus while working in this company. the multi cultural experience is also a plus, although, your effort is not always valued. ", " I am looking to work in a company that is diverse and inclusive of the cultures of their employees.  A company that has a good work/life balance, rewards its employees for work well done and takes care of their employees.'  The ideal company will have good benefits for employees and provides me with a full time job.  I am looking to enjoy the work that I do and really want to be fulfilled by it. ", " Great work environment. You get to work on cool technologies. Benefits are very good. Management is fair but all major decisions are made in the\u00a0U.S. Reviews are very tough. ", " This is where high achievers go.  What a great place to work.  The pay and benefits are outstanding.  The culture is one of learning and achieving.  It's amazing.  You can be yourself. You can try things.    Leadership leads. ", " Went through 5-6 re-orgs per year. Not able to get management to allow us to finish projects before moving on. Somewhat ok work life balance. Good benefits. ", " Advancement is extremely political - not based very much on merit, at least with the team I was on. Very good benefits and pretty good job security until they need to boost their stock price by laying off a few thousand employees. ", " When the retail division started it was a great opportunity. Every day was exciting and new. Management  had huge turn over within about the 3rd year of being employed which hindered the  culture as we knew it. The initial culture for retail was phenomenal unlike i've ever been a part of. With new leadership and new company goals it started to take a different turn. The hardest part of hr job was the long hours, as leadership we would work unheard of hours. The most enjoyable part of he job was the people! Both the customers and co-workers were a delight! many great and memorable friendships. ", " I would have loved to stay at my job, but because of Microsofts policies around contractors and their unwillingness to regularly hire full time employees I've been forced out yet again.   It's a horrible pattern that I have yet to see change, and it makes it difficult to even live in the Seattle area, moreover it makes it impossible to try and raise a family. ", " While I strongly disagree with the stack ranking bell curve for promotions (even really good people sometimes get the \"lowest\" ranking), it is overall, a pretty good place to work.  Good compensation, good benefits and a culture that is quite collegiate.  A lot of career growth potential, especially in the Azure space. ", " You will meet amazing and smart people - and will be able to develop under the right leadership.  Unfortunately, there are still Inadequate middle level managers who aren't prepared to lead a team effectively and resort to bullying. ", " Workplace Culture Great Benefits Too Many Layers Management  Diversity &amp; Inclusion solid training  Coaching &amp; Mentoring ", " Strong company with a vision. Excellent benefits and overall compensation. Lots of politics and hard to balance life and work. Always lots of new things to learn ", " Frustrating, surrounded by brilliant engineers and we continuously shoot ourselves in the foot with politics, empire building and cross team fighting. ", " You are consistently surrounded by people who have knowledge in different areas of technology so whatever questions you have, there is always someone willing to answer those questions and its always room to learn something new ", " Good place to work. Lots of talented people. Not easy to move within the company. Overall the company is doing good and heading in the right direction. ", " Microsoft offers the best our industry has to offer. I especially appreciated the personal growth opportunities offered to all employees regardless of their position. ", " EGS was one of my high paying and helpful company I have ever had. Compensation and benefits are nice. People are great. They have a lot of incentives and good accommodation in terms of the relationship of the boss to its subordinates. ", " You can change careers multiple times without needing to change companies.  The compensation and benefits are outstanding, and the culture rewards delivery and innovation. ", " Microsoft offers above market salary package. They allow employees to purchase shares. They also have retirement plans for employees to choose from. There are other allowances as well. ", " Good benefit but relatively low salary compared to other high tech companies. Bad company culture, careless about employees. Really depending on the team and managers "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Nice experience working there! nice people, nice vibes! excelente benefits and job culture is amazing.  Im very grateful with everybody there specially the General Manager. She is simply amazing!! ", " A very flexible work environment.  Training on site, Great culture with great people who care about placing others in a position to succeed. ", " Overall the company has been great to me but my lifestyle changed and unfortunately the job/role as consultant could not adjust well enough to keep me closer to home. The managers change every few months which was also disruptive to have to justify your work and existence every few months. If I wanted to do something outside of management and excessive travel I would have to move to Headquarters. ", " Microsoft has changed over the years and for the better.  It has become a more inclusive place to work and empowers its employees to self realize and become more.  Microsoft continues to foster creative thinking and schools of thought and encourages people to be innovative within their career at Microsoft. ", " I really enjoyed working here. The environment was great. All the resources I needed to do my job were provided when I needed them. Great perks on campus. My only issue was the senior management. The lower management was great. They were helpful, and there to answer questions or help with whatever you needed. An open door as it should be. The upper management was seriously out of touch. The director at my group gave four days notice that we might be laid off. We were supposed to receive additional details the following day, but he decided to take a trip to Disneyland instead. Needless to say, we were informed of the layoff on Tuesday and out the door that Friday. Totally messed up. ", " The people are smart and hardworking, but the culture is toxic. Management encourages unhealthy competition.  Management does not have a vision and is all over the place with commitments yet blames the employees for lack of progress ", " Great company to work for. Options to relocate and move up. Everyday is a new challenge. Great culture. Great learning experiences. Good benefits, could use better discounts ", " If you want to work in a REAL cultured environment, this is the place to be. There is so much opportunity as well as diversity. It's refreshing and a positive atmosphere. ", " Management can be bad and ruin your career. Not happy with the treatment.  Review model that stays on your profile and cause issues from applying in future ", " Microsoft is a very balanced organization where you work hard, but are also provided an enabling environment which ensures a work/life balance.  The company has a positive impact on a persons productivity as a result of the facilities and culture of the company. ", " This is where high achievers go.  What a great place to work.  The pay and benefits are outstanding.  The culture is one of learning and achieving.  It's amazing.  You can be yourself. You can try things.    Leadership leads. ", " Relaxed environment, relatable hard working people. room for advancement, management is understanding and works with you on problems. Lovely atmosphere with a good bounce of creativity ", " Work with state of the art technologies and major customers is one of the plus while working in this company. the multi cultural experience is also a plus, although, your effort is not always valued. ", " Great place to work for the self-driven, offering competitive pay and flexible hours. There are literally a hundred directions you can take your career in, but the programs to promote career paths are murky at best. If you are fresh out of college, you'll be hand-held to success. If you are older, you're on your own. Equal opportunity employer with very diverse teams, and while nice to see, there are the typical stereo-type roles we all seem to play there in the end. The most positive aspect of my day is that I can find a job that fits my personal life-style, meaning I have a flexible schedule. This does limit my choices for advancement of course, but it's a welcome compromise. Also, Microsoft is loaded with incredibly intelligent people, which makes work fun and challenging. I do not find myself questioning my manager's decision-making skills, which is nice. On the frustrating side is the politics, and if you don't play it's tough to move ahead. Job security is also a major downer as teams come and go every 6 months when upper management decides to start up a new team to create visibility to their managers. Best way to look at Microsoft and IT as a whole - take care of your own business, always have a positive attitude, don't burn bridges, be a great team player and have a great brand to stand on, seek to learn new things and offer to take on new projects and make those around you better. ", " Fun environment because you get to play video games all day, you learn a lot but will not get anywhere with it. You are promised many things here and nothing ever happens for anyone. Good benefits, no raises. Everyone gets a 2% raise at their one year. No work/life balance. Too much work, not enough pay. ", " Initially the job is exciting and you get to learn a lot of new things, but management is fairly horrible. The team you work with are very accepting and easy to get along with but depending on who you become friends with management has a strong bias and will negatively review you for it.  While they promote a Growth mindset work environment, only the staff in charge of training harbour it, managers believe they are above all and only promote growth in the people they like/favor. If you try to grow on your own, you tend to be shunned by management as they only want you to grow under there watchful eyes.   Don't get me wrong managers are nice people, they just don't know how to handle there positions well. They take any criticism as personal attacks and attempt to force you to believe their opinions are better then yours and you wont convince them otherwise. ", " Love working at Microsoft. Great culture and management and they treat employees very well.  Very hectic but fulfilling. Very Diverse working environment.  I just wish there were more jobs for user experience that were either remote or not located in Washington state. ", " You get what you put in. If you want a good work life balance you can do that and be successful or if you want to put in a lot of extra hours you'll be recognized. Great pay and benefits. Inclusive culture. Easy to move around to other teams if you want to. My friends who were hired with me and didn't click with their first teams have mostly found new teams that they enjoy better. ", " Working at Microsoft is amazing and I would recommend it to anyone. Management has its ups and downs but you get used to it. When there weren't customers to help, we always found fun ways to get them to even walk in and explore the store. Great customer database and very versatile. Love the snacks they provide and how we give customers drinks, whether it was a hot or cold day. So many different things to do at Microsoft and it is great.   Overall great experiences at Microsoft. ", " Frustrating, surrounded by brilliant engineers and we continuously shoot ourselves in the foot with politics, empire building and cross team fighting. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Microsoft is a great place for career advancement. There are hardships in dealing with management and job security. Overall great place for anyone to work at in the short run. ", " Not a bad place to work, but managers seem to have their favorites, and if you are not one of them, look out.  But the perks are great, and so is the training. ", " It was a fast pace environment. It was a great company to work with as change is constant. People are fun to work with and the Company is very supportive to it's staff. ", " Management can be bad and ruin your career. Not happy with the treatment.  Review model that stays on your profile and cause issues from applying in future ", " There are so many groups and so many job positions that its hard to generalize, but: - Relatively thin level of middle management. - Dynamic teams that delegate a fair share of responsibility to each employee. - Workloads can be very heavy, but feedback is allowed. ", " Good work culture Friendly environment Better security Separate work space and play area Sometimes you have to work beyond working hours and ofcourse that depends on your project and role. ", " Lots of smart people and things to learn.  New leadership is headed in a smart and exciting direction. Great culture and work/life balance.  Need to work hard though and know your stuff. ", " Typical day at work is in quick pace mostly of scrum meetings and coding.  Great team and good management.  Acquired domain knowledge and had a chance to work on multiple technologies. ", " Flexible and challenging atmosphere to drive employees to be more productive. The environment around the company is very laid back, fun atmosphere to work, work place is very quiet. ", " I originally worked in the field which I found to be very rewarding.  But when I came to HQ, I was shocked at the terrible back-stabbing culture that existed.  From what I've learned from others, it really depends on which business group you work for.  Some are great, others are completely dysfunctional. ", " Very easy job. I enjoyed coming to work everyday and traveling for the company.I worked with very easy-going people. I got to help customer each day with their computer needs and issues. ", " Lots of diverse people with their skills, smart people all over the place, good pace with the business but not always as cutting edge as claimed, modernization comes with a price tag ", " My job consisted of being sent to two best buy stores to promote and sell Microsoft products primarily surrounding the Microsoft surface pro and Microsoft surface. My job consisted of training and development of the staff of the best buy stores I was sent to as well as being able to sell independently without any management around to support me. I was responsible of getting a customer interested planting all of the necessary seeds and then passing it off to a best buy employee to finish the sale. I learned how to work on my own and be able to merchandise manage my own time and self and learn new selling techniques that would further benefit me in terms of building relationships with customers and believing in what I sell. I learned a lot about Microsoft software, operating system and the products itself. I built very good relationships with the district manager and territory manager of Microsoft itself. During this time I build excellent relationships with the staff that worked in Best Buy. The hardest part of my job was that repetitiveness of the job and not being able to do more then what I was there for. Otherwise the company and job itself was an amazing opportunity that taught me many things. ", " Recent turnover makes a review difficult as there are all new contacts. I worked with the company on a contract basis to interview clients about their use of Microsoft Dynamics. ", " Microsoft demands strong performance and hard work, and rewards you with high pay, industry leading benefits and great advancement opportunities. This mature company offers the structure and training one would expect from a world class brand of its size. Much depends on the culture of the group you join and how good your manager is, but overall working at Microsoft is a good deal. They also embrace flexible working arrangements. ", " the hardest part is to get the raw data, not technically, you want. So stay motivated, stay positive, and step out of your comfort zone in communication. ", " Good benefit but relatively low salary compared to other high tech companies. Bad company culture, careless about employees. Really depending on the team and managers ", " I have enjoyed a number of varied positions while continuing work for Microsoft.  The ability to work with and learn from different teams and learn about entirely different markets and technology domains is both a challenge and opportunity that excites me.  The culture also continues to evolve, making it a more focused and eternally competitive organization. ", " Working as a vendor is hard but being FTE is something different. Lots of benefit and flexible work hours. But Fargo campus seems like lots of managers. Recommended to start from vendor if you are in entry level. ", " The people are smart and hardworking, but the culture is toxic. Management encourages unhealthy competition.  Management does not have a vision and is all over the place with commitments yet blames the employees for lack of progress "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Employees engaged with one another, friendly environment with great customer service training. Within the corporate office, our aptly named \u201cCulture Committee\u201d works hard (and has a ridiculous amount of fun) planning activities for our staff. Other than our normal day to day work operations, the company is very optimistic about getting each employee involved with culture. ", " EGS was one of my high paying and helpful company I have ever had. Compensation and benefits are nice. People are great. They have a lot of incentives and good accommodation in terms of the relationship of the boss to its subordinates. ", " worked mainly on skype which is a strong and great tool to work on.  Appreciated the transparency of the management. Good work flexibility and opportunity for internal move. ", " Amazingly smart people trying to change the culture to be more innovative.  Middle management is more protective of their jobs, than interested in the advancement of the next generation.  Unfortunate. ", " Very lively environment. Manager is very good. Work life balance. Everyone is very helpful. Team is good.Work culture is good. Get enough time to finish the project. ", " Please make promotion Fair. Currently, the promotion is only based on the \"liking\" of the manager regardless of the talent and the work being done. Please fix PROMOTION and career advancement, everything is great at Microsoft otherwise. ", " Great work place culture. Community volunteer work is encouraged and get paid doing it.   The offices provide free energy drinks and good coffee/tea options. ", " Work on the flexible electronic project, listen different talks from other companies. Work with other lab mate and familiar with a lot of different advanced equipments. ", " Amazing place to work for. Lot of free foods, games, work culture is very professional and competitive. Appraisal process is very good and lot of aid is given for innovation at work place. ", " Workplace Culture Great Benefits Too Many Layers Management  Diversity &amp; Inclusion solid training  Coaching &amp; Mentoring ", " This was an amazing chance to work with some of the industry's best talents. We had the full support of management to meet our productions goals and the end result was well received. I would recommend this production site to anyone who wants to challenge themselves and work with some of the most talented developers on the coast. ", " Awesome place to grow your career, but much harder to do if you're not on the main campus in Redmond, or one of the main campuses like NERD, SVC, etc. ", " If you every have the chance, take it. Although its been years since I worked there, I have never, and sometimes fear, will never find an employer who was so great to work for.  I'd go back in a heart beat. ", " I worked through temp agent \"Kelly\" so my review might be different than others. Everything is discouraging except clean environment. Non-permanent employees are treated like trash. Uncertainty is a common word I can say. Monday 8 hours work, Tuesday no work then Wednesday 10 hours and Thursdays receives email \"closed\". It is not good place for temporary workers at all and Kelly Service does not treat fairly and equally. Be careful to work for Kelly. Some stations are fun to work and some are boring. Heavy pressure from lead and supervisor. Overall, I won't recommend to work as temporary employee. You will be promised long time contract but will be terminated shortly and irresponsibly. Hope innocent employees are saved from vicious staffing agent. ", " This was one of the best place i've ever worked at because i felt like i was home and enjoyed helping customers.The manager were not on top of you as other companies and gave me the freedom to do my job and help customers in giving them great customer service. ", " As a Badging officer at Microsoft I was given additional tasks and duties of an Account Manager and with the rate I was given with only 40 hours a week wasn't worth it. I find it impossible if one was given badging duties for an entire division while being given account management duties with just eight hours in a day. If I were being compensated with a higher rate on salary I would've given a better opinion. ", " It is a very fun and a very challenging environment.  You would have to be prepared and be enthusiastic They do provide good benefits to employees. ", " in Microsoft I have been learning a lot as a new person just graduated from college. Flexible hours, Fun environment, open space workplace. Those are things I love the most about Microsoft. ", " Management and Sr,consultant which  \t  Interacted with the end-users to identify business requirements and gather the requirements for business logic fulfillment. Analysis and coding of the application ", " - Great place to learn and work together,   - Its been an amazing experience.   - There is lot of opportunity for improvements technically if you are from a non-technical end "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " A very flexible work environment.  Training on site, Great culture with great people who care about placing others in a position to succeed. ", " Work with state of the art technologies and major customers is one of the plus while working in this company. the multi cultural experience is also a plus, although, your effort is not always valued. ", " Great company, great benefits, but very difficult to stay engaged and involved when remote (if your team is all out of HQ). ", " Microsoft has be a great place to work and as a Software Developer in Test for the last 18 years I have learned a lot.  Good benefits package(Used to be Excellent benefits package), decent pay, and excellent co-workers.  With all the changes the last few years and the reduction of the test team I felt it was time to move on.  I would still recommend it as a great place to work.  The environment is rapidly changing so not sure where they will end up, but they are still doing great things, so they I'm sure they will continue to do what is needed to retain great talent.  With the rapidly changing structure to the company, there are a lot of inconsistencies in processes and lack of reliable tools, but I am confident they will eventually settle and figure it out. ", " An excellent company to work for. Very passionate people and dedicated leadership team. The company has become one of the most innovative teach companies. The hardest part of the job is understanding how to navigate the organization. ", " Strong company with a vision. Excellent benefits and overall compensation. Lots of politics and hard to balance life and work. Always lots of new things to learn ", " Microsoft is a great place to work with lots of exciting opportunity. I highly recommend working for this company. It is a meritocracy where you get rewarded for what you produce; i.e. how much value you make for the company, ", " You are challenged everyday to grow yourself and the business.  Great compensation and benefits. Culture is competitive but rewarding. Enjoyed my time here. ", " I had worked in the International team for many years and had great opportunity to learn many different cultures and people from all over the world. It was always busy since I was not only working with people in the same time zone but also managing the team in overseas. Achieving the goals with various teams was always hardest part of the project but at the same time that was the most fun and rewarding part of the project. ", " Nice co-workers, but they didn't get too close as you might not be there next year. Worked with the latest technology. Expected to be there whenever anything was going on. ", " Technology based. Sales and marketing. Offsite training with great travel benefits. Reasonable salary. Energetic work environment with alot of public dealing. ", " Microsoft is very supportive with being flexible with scheduling, working with students and making sure they are being and feel supported. Microsoft also cares for their employees, benefits are outstanding for part-time and full-time. Coming into work is so exciting for me, were one big family! ", " The entire retail store side is very excitement and culture based. They want you to love your company and the products, so you can gush about it to the consumer and get them pumped about it. They want you to know what you're talking about, and give amazing ongoing training to do so. They want you to be empowered to help your customer, so they give you the options to pass on to them, and give you the ability to make them happy, so they can leave happy. They want you to be a part of the community, so they encourage volunteer opportunities, and make them known and available. They want to make you happy and healthy, so they give you amazing benefits so you can feel your best. Out of any company I've worked for, Microsoft has to be the most amazing out there. ", " my experience while working at MSFT on misc assignments was a great experience. Most the Management (Kevin Natale, and Lesa Boulton to mention a couple) cared for their employess, they wanted and did everything they could to help one succeed and would go out of the way to help. unfortunately politics and upper Mgt (unknown) did no do the same for many people.However, this is everywhere.  But, overall the experience was great and very entertaining. ", " Nice experience working there! nice people, nice vibes! excelente benefits and job culture is amazing.  Im very grateful with everybody there specially the General Manager. She is simply amazing!! ", " Microsoft is a great place to work with its staff and managers and huge R&amp;D budget. The company carefully places you with projects that are a best-fit and set you up for success, that benefit others too. ", " Work day at Microsoft are aways pressured. I have learned effectiveness in my work Management is good Very cooperative relationship with co-workers, great team work which makes one meet his or her target.  Interaction with different people and knowledge that the most enjoyable part of my job and help people. ", " This is a tele-sales position that involves constantly changes metrics and goals. You can't find a group of more competitive and excited coworkers elsewhere. I gained sales skills while honing my communication skills and worked to constantly improve not only the quality of my leads being passed but the overall quality of my work. ", " At Microsoft, I had the pleasure of working alongside many passionate professionals. On a day to day, my recruitment team worked together to welcome, interview, and meet thousands of candidates. With that, it was evident my recruitment team was energetic and excited to share with others the Microsoft culture. ", " Great compensation and benefits, but, if you're planning to make a career there, you must continually be your own recruiter. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " The best thing about working at Microsoft is the autonomy in all of my past roles.  I don't like to be micromanaged.  I also enjoy learning on the job. ", " Fun workplace, learn a lot about business management and people management. Great team work, cross functional Reporting model Customer service experience ", " I really enjoyed working here. The environment was great. All the resources I needed to do my job were provided when I needed them. Great perks on campus. My only issue was the senior management. The lower management was great. They were helpful, and there to answer questions or help with whatever you needed. An open door as it should be. The upper management was seriously out of touch. The director at my group gave four days notice that we might be laid off. We were supposed to receive additional details the following day, but he decided to take a trip to Disneyland instead. Needless to say, we were informed of the layoff on Tuesday and out the door that Friday. Totally messed up. ", " Great work environment. You get to work on cool technologies. Benefits are very good. Management is fair but all major decisions are made in the\u00a0U.S. Reviews are very tough. ", " Advancement is extremely political - not based very much on merit, at least with the team I was on. Very good benefits and pretty good job security until they need to boost their stock price by laying off a few thousand employees. ", " It was a great experience because you work alongside top professionals and learn a lot of things in a long paced environment. It is a good opportunity to discover different kind of businesses.  Sometime is is tough to live with the pressure you have but the outcomes are very fulfilling and after a year you can see a huge improvement in your skills. ", " Not a bad job just very technical and can take up to 6 months before you fully understand how to help customers. I would recommend to anyone who likes a challenge and like dealing with multiple situations ", " Productive environment.  Opportunity to learn various technologies.  Good for self starters and people needing little supervision. ", " I worked at Microsoft as a Student Partner for one semester. I enjoyed the experience thoroughly, and I would recommended it for anyone that may be interested! ", " Microsoft is definitely a productive and fun place to work but at the same time it is challenging which is a good thing. You work with the smartest people in the business. ", " Jobs have great opportunities to learn and grow your skillset.  However, the high pressure demand of day to day is very stressfull.  Teams get eliminated and restructured all the time so you'll need to be prepared to grow your skills quickly and make yourself an asset to be able to move into other areas of business.  It's not stable by any means unless you are a blue badge.  They do awesome activities (holiday's, decorating, team building, ect) that I've not seen matched by any other company.  My kids always loved Halloween on campus because they could trick or treat each level of the building, go through the haunted house and decorate cup cakes in the cafeteria.  We looked forward to that each year.  :) ", " My tenure at Microsoft was very enjoyable - I had the opportunity to work with some amazing colleagues and managing the training team for North America IT is among my favorite professional opportunities. ", " The company really takes care of their employees! As a manager I was responsible for sales and employee development. Had to manage risk, inventory control, schedule, and provide customer service. Hardest part of the job was handling busy weekends with an overload of traffic and not having enough employees to service them. Best part of the job was working with passionate employees and having the company care about you as a person not as an employee. ", " I enjoyed working here. It was a great place and had a laid back style of work. However, everyone I worked with were hard workers and gave their work everything they had. ", " its been nothing but positive experience for me so far. I like the work / life balance that I have within my current role. I work from home full time with flexibility of going to the campus whenever I need.  Compensation and benefits very competitive. ", " Great company to work for. Options to relocate and move up. Everyday is a new challenge. Great culture. Great learning experiences. Good benefits, could use better discounts ", " A total and complete software environment with ability to progress up the career ladder. Possibility to train on new technologies and great encouragement on researching the ideas. ", " The work environment is phenomenal, you can pretty much make your own schedule. You also learn a ton about advertising which I really enjoy. You also get adamant break time. ", " Relaxed environment, relatable hard working people. room for advancement, management is understanding and works with you on problems. Lovely atmosphere with a good bounce of creativity ", " You are consistently surrounded by people who have knowledge in different areas of technology so whatever questions you have, there is always someone willing to answer those questions and its always room to learn something new "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " I believe working at Microsoft in an engineering role in Redmond, WA would be a great place to work. I have very few options for an engineering role in my location on the east coast. Much of what I hear about the culture at Microsoft may be found in Redmond, but not in my current role in my current location. ", " Microsoft was a great place to work with really motivated and intelligent people. I found that the company culture was laid back and diverse.  I learned a lot off of Excel and streamlining some of the operations.  The biggest drawback was the budget cuts that ended up laying off people quickly. These decisions tend to be top-down and came with little or no lead time.  Vendors seemed to be used a lot to avoid paying out benefits as MS is notoriously known for.  I would have liked to stay longer as there were great people on my team, but that was just not in the cards. ", " This was an excellent opportunity to learn Microsoft Best Practices for onbaording thier customer to Office 365.  Teams were very thorough and professional. ", " I love customer service and present office and windows workshops.  Helping customer to decide what kind of product they want it is the best part of my job. ", " I have about 6 more months to go on an 18-month contract as a Vendor Consultant, and i have truly enjoyed working with all of the team members I have had the opportunity to work with.  They are bright, creative, fun and very practical in their approach to collaboration and problem-solving. ", " The great thing about Microsoft is the assembly of some really smart people with diverse experience and technical background. In addition the wide varieties of technical fields that Microsoft is invested into makes this a great place to work in when you are looking to gain wide range of expertise. That is essentially what attracted me to Microsoft and is the attribute that I took the opportunity to grow myself to become the technical leader &amp; project manager that I am.  Although management style can vary from team to team, cycle to cycle, product to product and of course person to person, in general I have been very particular about who I work for and I prefer managers who are hands-off from day to day work yet maintains a consistently regular oversight into the general direction of the product/service. With the exception of some regular project management and coordination tasks there rarely is a consistent pattern of the issues that arise specially in my current field of information security management. Although, the general slow operational pace of Microsoft can sometimes be frustrating the most enjoyable part is the volume and span of impact that each product/feature/change release can make. If someone is passionate about enterprise scale product/service, likes working on wide range technologies and is comfortable with slower pace of change release then Microsoft is a great company to work for. ", " Microsoft has made a lot of changes recently to help work work/life balance and taking care of its employees. It's a great place to work with lots of opportunities for advancement or career change. ", " Very team oriented filled with diverse and kind people. Task tend to be very independent, but everyone is willing to lend a helping hand if you need it. The people are friendly, and take their work seriously. The environment is pretty relaxing, but things get done. ", " Love meeting people always looking for more career opportunities, able to travel on regular basis as well as get to know people from all over the world. Have to be flexible during work hours and value teamwork. Very good environment that allows you to be yourself and grow your professional skills ", " Great people at all levels of the company - joining makepositive is like joining a family and everyone is supportive of each other and has a great time together Interesting projects - I have worked at makepositive for 4 years and no 2 projects are alike A great culture - coming to work is fun and there are always nights out and something for everyone ", " Microsoft is a very good company to work for in terms of gaining experience and having a decent opportunity to advance in career.  Certain pockets are more progressive than others when taking a risk on an unknown quantity.  Certain pockets have more healthy culture than others.  There is little work-life balance yet excellent benefits and the relative security of a steady paycheck.  Due to the high level of change internally (vision, management, employee turn-over etc.) it can be difficult feeling like you're always on the verge or in the middle of getting to know a new team or manager because of all the re-organization that seems to be the one constant. ", " Just a temp worked as a contractor not much to say. If you are lucky to be a regular than you should be alright. If you are temp, one day you will go home and have an email from the temp agency not to go back. Very unprofessional. ", " Currently, I am employed in Microsoft's retail division.   Besides the wonderful sales training we are instilled with, the corporate culture and the invitation to grow as professionals make this an incredible opportunity for anyone starting off in the business world. ", " Enjoyable coworkers, challenging projects.  Constantly changing environment makes for adaptation to change a necessity.  Good work and life balance.  Recommended. ", " Microsoft is a unique employer who truly wants its employees to move forward while providing excellence in every delivery of services and products. ", " Fantastic company with great mentors and leadership, creating a very fulfilling and rewarding work environment for almost all employees. Flexibility to work remotely is a big advantage. ", " I loved working for Microsoft, there benefits were great, the management at the time needed improvement. The hours made it hard to spend quality time with my family ", " it was great place to work considering it was retail mall hours, but besides that I have had great experience working there. ", " Position was interesting and projects were challenging as well as highly visible. The team members were really bright people who help me sharpened my PM skills as well as learn about different ares of the IT workspace. ", " Challenging and rewarding company to work for. Great benefits and people.  Must be willing to navigate a complex corporate structure. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Working in hardware/software operations service to support the UR team was incredibly enlighting. The projects were always fast pace but very fun. Management and staff were fantastic, due to the fact the support being offered.  Over all, the most enjoyable part of the job was, everything I was involved in. ", " wonderful and you always have a chance to learn. On the job training and assistance offered and wonderful support staff always willing to help out. Team players ", " Was a contractor managing a large team.  This was a fun culture and very talented people. IT was great to be on the cutting edge of technology that everyone was familiar with. ", " Project Management Intern  Typical day is 9-5 but is flexible, Learned about managing services and project management Co-workers were helpful Ramp up period length will differ ", " Travel around the world and/or region to engage partners in order to develop channels and grow ROI. Manage your own schedule and get to work with a diverse group of individuals. The most enjoyable part is getting the opportunity develop partners and see the results reflected in growth in business. ", " At the moment I am a customer care consultant ,we as consultants do work under a lot of pressure something I am good at and can handle .I start at 8 and knock of at 4.I learned how to deal with client and be patience ,I am good at team management have good communicating skills and know how to speak and deal with clients .The harder part of this job is fixing things someone else messed up.Working with different people on a daily basis ", " I love to working here, people are friendly and most of them are very innovative and talented.  i learnt how to be a professional and how effectively communicate with others. ", " Great work life balance and culture. Wonderful future and vision. Constant desire to drive result based output. Focus on young and innovative talent. ", " The work atmosphere is congenial, encouraging and friendly. The colleagues and management help you achieve your potential and enhance your skills ", " I have enjoyed working on a managed contract at Microsoft. The people I work with are deeply committed to making the cloud and enterprise tools for the Seller community the best they can be. ", " Working at Microsoft was an amazing experience. I got to see some of the latest and greatest computer technology, and learn from experts who have worked in the fields of business and computer technology for decades. However, while the schedule was flexible, I always felt like there were unspoken expectations to work far longer hours than previous jobs I've had. ", " Working as a Premier Field Engineer gives you great opportunities to work with multiple companies ranging in size from VERY Small to ones at the top of the list of the Fortune 100 list. ", " A typical day consists of interacting with customers and offering exceptional customer service in all areas. Ensuring that our store is set to store standards at all times. Helping out with inventory, receiving and shipping. ", " This is a very, very corporate environment to work in. Managers tend to be uptight and don't spend time with lower level managers and have a chip on their shoulders. Outside of the group people are awesome ", " During my time as an intern I was provided all of the tools and support I needed to gain more knowledge and experience. I learned how to write an FSD, create and deliver presentations to management to explain the value of my work and the necessary technical skills to complete my project. ", " It was pleasure to work with Microsoft professional employees who had started at Microsoft from early 1990s and were experts of Windows Internals. ", " Microsoft is a very compliance and ethics company to work. Life balance is a plus. Office is clean and tools are Always there for employees. Co-workers are pleased to help. ", " Microsoft is a great place to work- the pay is good, the benefits are good, too.  What is difficult is the opportunity for advancement.  If you have any scarce skills and are placed on a team that knows very little, then you're to fend for yourself with little to no help from management. ", " Old way of working of save your skin and compete with each other is going away but very in a very slow pace. lots of flexibility and some work life balance but you will have lot of pressure and sense of not doing it right even when you are doing it right...changes are constant and that's can worn you out. ", " Dynamic but relaxed team environment.  Always challenging and fun, and populated with some of the best professionals from around the world. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " A lot of learning, very good work culture. Excellent environment. Enjoyed working on the SharePoint team developing and handling TFS administrator part. ", " i like it nice work nice people fun work and team building you have activities all the time and you have improvement to the employees every time i like it.. ", " Manager is available to support the decisions; Environment is nice to work and delivery projects Colleagues are good and trying to help and support  Nice work culture ", " Always on the bleeding edge of technology, the business changes daily.  Always something new to learn.  Key focus changes often and you have to be able to change your focus with the business. ", " Greet customers as they walk in the store while asking if there was something specific or pointing out the different sections of the store.   Interacted with several customers and co workers on a daily basis as well as cleaned, organized and restocked product on the floor. ", " Lots of promises they never delivered on. It was and will always be about getting your money. Heartless with letting employees go and Management or Executives always use the smaller employees as scapegoats. Store quality of products keeps deteriorating, thus lots of returns. Hard pressure on sales staff and even more pressure on Tech room associates. Employee policies and rules always change day to day depending on the Manager overseeing, no consistent direction. If you stand outside and look in you can see how \"happy\" most staff are. Very seldom are non sales employees given credit for their work. Above minimum wage, great benefits, but not worth stress or job insecurity. Lots of swag, gifts, and free food. ", " You can change careers multiple times without needing to change companies.  The compensation and benefits are outstanding, and the culture rewards delivery and innovation. ", " Microsoft is a very balanced organization where you work hard, but are also provided an enabling environment which ensures a work/life balance.  The company has a positive impact on a persons productivity as a result of the facilities and culture of the company. ", " great environment. very rigid corporate atmosphere with great compensations and all the necessary employee needs and benefits. President club members get great benefits as well ", " I have been with Microsoft for almost 4 years. The company treats their employees (myself included) very well. Schedule flexibility is great, hourly wage is manageable, and the overall energy and support that other employees give out makes the retail environment a lot more manageable. ", " Microsoft has an amazing company culture all the way to it's retail sector. Great room for advancement, lots of talented people and awesome culture and work environment. ", " Microsoft benefits and compensation is one of the best, but unfortunately it has a horrible culture of work politics. Hard work is not appreciated, but ability to make relationship with utmost importance. Basically ignore any emails from peers and people below and only spend time to do bare minimum for your job. Focus your time on your skip level and director/VP level. The more face time you have with them the better your review will be regardless of your work. Annual review system is basically a popularity contest with your higher up with the most say. Microsoft is a large company, I am not sure if it was just the department I was in. I would like to work there again one day but not in the same department to see how other parts of the company is like. ", " troubleshoot calls for customers and help them be able to locate products, customer love when I do the first part of my call. I was very upset when the acct was shut-down ", " A lot of good people, great teams and spirit, different cultures and diversity.  luck of management clarity. constant change. all days at work are very much focused internally, very a few days sales teams are dedicated to customer (not more than 50%) that gives very low customer focus. ", " Despite a great transformation thus far, the company does not do a good job retaining great employees and has lost quite a bit of great talent this year. ", " Very smart and awesome people.  Teams looked after each other and did what needed to be done for the customer.  Very thankful for my time there and always rooting for them. ", " Developed cross functional and diverse leadership experience at a strategic and operational level, driven by strong finance business partnership experience with Fortune 500 MNC's.   I have had a proven track record of delivering fast paced and profitable growth across various industries such as IT, Engineering, Telecommunication and healthcare sectors, by providing comprehensive financial and market based insights to my business partners, in order to drive growth, and manage the P&amp;L of the region with agility. ", " Lots of room for growth. Need to be a self started and look for opportunities. Company culture is coming back and morale is much higher now. Future looking very bright. ", " Microsoft is a great place to develop your professional career for full-time employees. Beyond the impact employees get to make on customers is the impact they make on the community. Perhaps the most unique aspect of the workplace is the emphasis we place on social responsibility and giving back to the community. ", " Microsoft treats their employees with great respect. The company provides excellent benefits. Fun people, great atmosphere. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Microsoft is a great company to work for.  Very talented people with innovative ideas. complete work life balance. A fun place to work with Talented people ", " A typical day at work is surrounded by operational tasks and customer interactions. You have the ability to lead your team through coaching and development and provide recognition in unique ways. The team has a lot of fun together and really is able to serve customers with a great experience. ", " Working for Microsoft has been great but due to the type of contract I'm on (fixed one year) my time has come to an end. The culture is ever changing, which for me was a bonus. You get to work on different projects with different people so the work never feels stale or overdone. ", " A special place to work when you find the right opportunity and team.  The business is a thought leader (which is not recognized externally) and always looking to advance. ", " A nice productive environment Good place to work and health atmosphere Good compensation Good benefits Flexible hours Work from home Nice colleagues and challenging work ", " I learned a lot as a Data Engineer an learnt about data and did some personal bootcamp training myself and attended meetings.  But i wanted to show my skills to start up companies. ", " I learned how to be a leader with this company. I learned the type of leader I want to be with this company. Microsoft takes care of its associates and gives them the tools and resources to grow in their roles and get them to where they want to be. They have a growth mindset culture and promote diversity and inclusion in all aspects of their business. ", " Microsoft is a great company that's full of really smart people. There is always opportunity to grow and do unique things that truly have the potential to impact lives. ", " Microsoft has changed over the years and for the better.  It has become a more inclusive place to work and empowers its employees to self realize and become more.  Microsoft continues to foster creative thinking and schools of thought and encourages people to be innovative within their career at Microsoft. ", " The work is interesting. There are plenty of opportunities to prove your mettle and challenge yourself. You can expand your skill set with great encouragement from team. ", " As with most jobs it will really come down to the team  you're working on. I was very fortunate to work with a great team. However due to Microsofts work culture I feel there was more pressure to talk about all of the good work you were doing, rather than actually putting the customer first.  Microsoft talks about promoting a great work/life balance, however if you're not in management you likely will not see that as your metrics will take a hit anytime you take any time off (PTO isn't counted as non work hours so your utility percentages will show 0% for the day) ", " Very casual and developed work environment. High technology allowing you to grow professionally. Nice installations with all services provided. Very secure place ", " It was really good working for the latest technologies. Also the project is well developed with advance technologies. For the Full the stack developer this was the best oppurtunites ", " You will meet amazing and smart people - and will be able to develop under the right leadership.  Unfortunately, there are still Inadequate middle level managers who aren't prepared to lead a team effectively and resort to bullying. ", " You must make sure you find a group that fits you because the culture varies from group to group and a good fit is needed to succeed. ", " Strong team foundation with a good work culture. Challenging at times, with the amount of incidents coming in. Reorgs at multiple points of project duration. ", " I really enjoyed working at APCO and was given the opportunity to take on a lot of responsibility as an intern. Very strategic work for such a small presence ", " Awesome work environment. They are friendly and work oriented. Each project you work on is fun and adventurous, They truly care about their employees. It's a family atmosphere. ", " Working environment is good. People are very friendly. Team members are good and support. Manger is nice. I am happy working at Microsoft ", " Primary benefits included superior pay, healthcare, good training on products.  For areas outside of product sales, there was little investment so you have to do it on your own. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " AWESOME!!!!! Great work environment. People are extremely friendly and they care bout their employees. They believe in creating a work environment and that makes you strive for the best. ", " Great company to work for they give plenty of support. this is a idela job if your interested what it like to work in a customer service type enviroment ", " *Great place to work. * Support Students by their involvement in the company. * Good Salary Package even to the interns. * Different benefits and packages to the employees. * Good market reputation ", " A great company to work for. People from different backgrounds and expertise. Lots of growth possibilities and people are always willing to help you grow ", " As a UX Design contractor and first time position as a UX designer, I have found Microsoft to be a better overall place to work than expected. It has been a great place to learn and grow and I have found the culture to be slightly dull but overall professional, comfortable and fairly diverse. I think they still struggle on many teams in implementing UX in an effective way, but I see effort on my team at least in trying to work toward UX lead processes and getting everyone else to get with the program. ", " The culture is amazing. The job is incredibly fun and you actually feel like you are helping people. I love working here and anyone who loves having a good time will enjoy it as well. ", " Long hours Complex cross group global program management and change management Cut throat management Co-workers vary some teams great other teams not so great Politics and forced curve (yes, it continues) Interesting work and team synergy--challenged everyday ", " Simply Awesome as you would expect, They surpass any other employer I have ever worked for in my 35 years of working. Bar none. ", " I would have loved to stay at my job, but because of Microsofts policies around contractors and their unwillingness to regularly hire full time employees I've been forced out yet again.   It's a horrible pattern that I have yet to see change, and it makes it difficult to even live in the Seattle area, moreover it makes it impossible to try and raise a family. ", " Re: Life Balance Everyone in support operations looks overweight and run down. They to want to compartmentalize their work so that they can focus on soccer practice logistics or extracurricular activities or operate in a conservative manner. Self medicating is rampant in many forms. Expect to work 50+ hours a week.  Re: Compensation/Benefits You make quite a bit, but you won't be able to afford a house on single income within 15 miles of HQ in Redmond which means you're renting or buying a house and commuting for an hour each way. The benefits are not on par with other tech companies of their foot print. Their cafeteria food is also sub-par and significantly overpriced.  Re: Security/Advancement In Support/Operations, advancement is rare but secure for the most part. Everyone is checked out, so don't expect much validation.  Re: Management My managers were pointless. My last manager couldn't breathe and talk at the same time, had a persistent Fight Club background, had to close his eyes to think and no one knew what he did besides be drinking buddies with his manager. It felt like I was teaching my manager how to manage. Prepare to have to impress unimpressive people.  Re: Culture It's all propaganda. If this company reminds you of an aging company that's strugging to remain relevant, it's probably due to their aging leadership that's conveniently struggling to remain relevant. Trying to promote stated corporate values and culture within your organization is a great way to get fired.  The potential is there, but they're just an apathetic country club as far as ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> I'm concerned. ", " Good benefits and different projects. Lots of politics to go through though that slows down the progress. Trying to move to an agile development has been tough for many. ", " i feel so nice to gives this.  i hope this  will be very fine for me and i can't express those feeling but give me one chance i shall be very thanks full to you for this acts of kindness... ", " tuning of the kernel parameters for the better performance of the operating system and TCP.\u00a0  Installation of patches and packages using RPM and YUM in Red hat Linux. Created and modified ", " A lot varies depending on the team you are on.  I have had amazing managers, and I have had the worst manager I could have imagined.  Upper management is really removed from everything, and makes seemingly arbitrary changes very late in the cycle without regards to how it affects the product or the people working on it.  Managers tend to be replaced with \"yes men\" who will do anything to keep their bosses happy with no respect to the reality of getting things done.  There is a fairly high turnover rate, especially after the acquisition.  There is enough bureaucracy that taking care of things on your own without jumping through hoops means that a lot of side items fall through the cracks, resulting in a buggy product. ", " If you are looking for a fast paced entry level position to advance your sales career than the Marketing and sales center is the place. ", " Although it is a tough job, I've had the pleasure of working with some great people who helped me grow tremendously in my professional capacity.  The job allowed me great flexibility and lived by the motto \"doesn't matter where you work from, or when you work, as long as the job gets done\". ", " Don't feel comfortable answering this here.  I don't know where the data will be sent to.  Please ask me in person if you would like to have this information. ", " I manage a team of 4 Shift Leads, 4 Tech Leads, 3 Migration Velocity Managers, 2 Migration escalation leads, and several Migration Engineers totally 30 employees. I'm in charge of ensuring clearances are met for federal contracts. Ensure all SLA's are met. And manage day to day operations of the org. ", " multicultural environments. professional maganers. fantastic place for start to work if you are from other country. ", " Microsoft is a great place to gain experience and work at.  The environment is fast-paced and challenging, but rewarding.  You learn a tremendous amount of skills and meet talented people at MS. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Flexible and challenging atmosphere to drive employees to be more productive. The environment around the company is very laid back, fun atmosphere to work, work place is very quiet. ", " Very team oriented filled with diverse and kind people. Task tend to be very independent, but everyone is willing to lend a helping hand if you need it. The people are friendly, and take their work seriously. The environment is pretty relaxing, but things get done. ", " Working for Microsoft as an outsource partner was a great experience. We experienced some of the perks of being associated with Microsoft - free drinks and snacks. The work environment was great, with great people. ", " Always on the bleeding edge of technology, the business changes daily.  Always something new to learn.  Key focus changes often and you have to be able to change your focus with the business. ", " The company is all about Windows for PCs and now is putting a big bet on cloud. All other areas and business are lacking direction and are targets for the constant layoffs. The CEO can get by with fancy jargon but can't answer any direct question. He is a great cloud person, however he should make a better effort to learn other business and open his mind for other opportunities. Pay and benefits are great, and in average most managers are good people allowing good work/life balance. Organizations are too complex and bloated, which impacts on the speed to get things done. No customer mindset at all, all decisions are cost and time to market driven, they haven't learn how important is to create and preserve a  trusted brand. If they keep doing it, they will continue to fail in every new business and once the market fully changes the focus to mobile platforms, Windows will more to irrelevance, money will dry and only Office will remain. ", " Microsoft is the 800lbs gorilla that struggles with the basics. They are unorganized and promote people to a level of incompetence. Then look for others in the group to blame. Good thing they have cash cows like Windows and office to pay the bills because the hardware guys are a joke. ", " Was a contractor managing a large team.  This was a fun culture and very talented people. IT was great to be on the cutting edge of technology that everyone was familiar with. ", " The overall experience was a great one. Work/life balance was what drove me to pursue something different. Microsoft is an amazing company to work for, the job culture was one of the best I've been in. ", " Project Management Intern  Typical day is 9-5 but is flexible, Learned about managing services and project management Co-workers were helpful Ramp up period length will differ ", " The work atmosphere is congenial, encouraging and friendly. The colleagues and management help you achieve your potential and enhance your skills ", " Microsoft is a wonderful place to work, with an amazing work/life balance. I wish there were more full time roles available, as I am sad to be looking for a new position once my contract is over. ", " I've been with Microsoft for 15 years now.  I've had amazing opportunities to work on great projects and programs with outstanding people.  We still get free soda.  There are some great off-the-beaten-path benefits that really add to the quality of life around you.  I have always heard that you needed to move around to get ahead.  I think that may be true because, while my advancement and compensation has been fine, it hasn't been magical.  I think that, had I moved around more, worked in more groups, met more people, I would likely have moved further up the ladder.  Having said that, my team is awesome, the work I do is special and I really get a kick out of working at this place! ", " Very casual and developed work environment. High technology allowing you to grow professionally. Nice installations with all services provided. Very secure place ", " My experience at Microsoft is interesting. The program I work on is new so I had to deal with a bit more ambiguity than your average Program Manager. They tell you that working here is like drinking from a fire hose, I can attest that that is a true statement. I was challenged daily and learned very quickly that if I didn't know the answer, I better figure out a way to find it. I'm thankful for the opportunity and would recommend Microsoft to anyone who doesn't mind being challenged. ", " If you're into computers, have the knowledge, and want to share it with the world, this is the place for you. Management is friendly and a bit too personable, but they're good people. The crew is a good group of people to work with, though they can get a bit annoying. There is a lot to learn here, so you'll never feel bored. ", " I learnt a lot during my employment. They took their time to invest in training and development support was always available. I would recommend this company for anyone who wants to work in IT. ", " Lovely offices and great working life balance. I learnt alot here at Microsoft, whilst being put on a bunch of positive and rewarding courses and talks such as storytelling and brand management. Everyone at Microsoft are wonderful to work with, always willing to help and provide advice whilst also letting you get on with projects with plenty of time and not pressured. The most enjoyable part of the job was working with wonderful and inspiring people. ", " Working as a vendor is hard but being FTE is something different. Lots of benefit and flexible work hours. But Fargo campus seems like lots of managers. Recommended to start from vendor if you are in entry level. ", " Life at Microsoft can be both enjoyable and life fulfilling but it can also be stressful with a high level of burnout.    Microsoft mission statement of \"To empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more\" is ingrained in the culture and dictate what every Microsoft employee does on a day and day out basis.  And we actually do sell technology that makes the mission statement real. ", " Overall, I had a great experience at Microsoft.  Great teams, great work, relaxed work environment.  I started on a contract with a limited scope of responsibilities, but they saw that I could do more so I was regularly given more responsibilities and projects which really made the work interesting.  After my first contract, they brought me back after the break in a higher level role with commensurate pay. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " good work place sad to leave. well motivated. Drove business growth and helped build relationships between Microsoft and Global Premier clients.Provided cohesive support to all teams involved in Global Premier business segment and drove positive resolutions which delivered high quality customer and partner experience. ", " A good company to work for.  Very supportive, collaborative coworkers and an environment that allows you to work on a wide range of projects.  Process and approvals can be cumbersome.   Also promotions are far and few between as it's such a good company, people don't leave! ", " Its a good company. They do some cutting edge and fast paced work. The only thing is there is no concept of asking for help and its expected that you work in silo. Apart from that, its a very good experience ", " New CEO has the company on the right track. Making progress on cloud strategy. Surface is one of the best devices on the market. The transition to Office 365 is on-track. ", " Enjoy the learning everyday, enjoy the smart people, drive for excellence and results. Love the company values and self-improvement and error-correction effort. Really rewarding to watch the organizational growth and talent development along with the business challenges and transformation. ", " Good Working Environment, the place where to learn Many things.Meetings with Different people in the world.  Hub to meet Different Sort of the people. ", " I have been here long enough to recommend it for anyone who is interested in doing stuff that will change the world. This is a place where you drive your own career. ", " Microsoft is a vast company but with not so clear of decisions, they spread around alot and whenever you want to come with something new, you have to go through alot of steps to get an approval. ", " Professional and financial growth opportunities with a very good working environment. it is really fun working with Microsoft. ", " Worked as a consultant for Compaq Computer Corporation. Managing Microsoft/Compaq Proliant servers for internal ERP lab.  Customer facing role providing hardware sizing solution designs for Oracle and PeopleSoft solutions.  This was a good contract working directly with customers to provide solution with NSPOF,  and multiple-locations regions and disaster recovery solutions.   I enjoyed working with the Oracle and SAP teams and am still consider my co-workers friends and stay in touch with several of them. ", " Good works experience, worked here as an contractor for a huge project in chile and the performance and the team was really good. i really loved the experience. ", " Working for Microsoft was an absolute blast. For the most part, they treat you like a person and not just a number. Working at the retail store and dealing with customers was not as bad as working with customers at other retail stores because they treat you with respect. I never saw any of my coworkers get yelled at or being mistreated even though some people are hard to deal with. ", " Great company, but too \"Redmond centric\", meaning that unless you  are willing to relocate to Seattle the job growth opportunities can be rather limited depending on your location/business group. ", " A typical day at work starts out with catching up from emails from the night before.I worked with multiple people that were at various time-zones. Satisfying job because I could see my work reflected in our various platforms. ", " Great place to develop your career and gain insight across an entire corporate business. Encourage an open forum, and you really feel your voice is heard. ", " Great Overall experience with them. Would love to go back someday! Worked on the West Coast Windows device teams. New management came in and laid everyone off with no warning which was very hard to deal with. ", " My view of Microsoft is that it is a great company to work for, though, the work/life balance to can be off due to very large projects. ", " work hard, very professional and highly intelligent colleagues.  driving supply chain transformation process development and new fulfillment models. very fast paced and exciting environment. ", " Great job that demands high energy. Continuously learning about software features and new ways to engage customers through demonstrating products. My coworkers and I are like a team that work hard to support each other. My head manager is amazing and empowers us to make final decisions for our customers. Trust and positive intent is our culture. The hardest part is seeing people buy based off of price and not value and quality. ", " Your work always counts for something.  Not too much politics. But hard work, competitive. Competing with people who do not have any other life. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Life at Microsoft can be both enjoyable and life fulfilling but it can also be stressful with a high level of burnout.    Microsoft mission statement of \"To empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more\" is ingrained in the culture and dictate what every Microsoft employee does on a day and day out basis.  And we actually do sell technology that makes the mission statement real. ", " Team is awesome, great company to work.  Lots of innovative marketing ideas.  Strong leadership, listens to employees and provides clear and decisive course of action ", " Microsoft is a innovative and bright place to work. Gives great opportunities and provides a good support system and learning platform.      There is not really a typical day at work. There is always something new happening especially in relation to the projects I work on.  Microsoft has been an amazing learning platform for me, I have wonderful colleagues who are always free with sharing their professional knowledge. I learn something new everyday   I have been lucky enough mostly to have really good managers who provided the support and encouragement to do my job to the highest level.   It has been such a pleasure working with my co-workers both in London and internationally, they are highly professional, always willing to help and very encouraging.   The most enjoyable part of my job is seeing the end result of a finished project. ", " I enjoyed working at Microsoft Nigeria because of the diversity of cultures that join to form the company. my typical day at work was unpredictable and very challenging.   I found the staff really fun to work with because of different cultures cultures in the office. The only problem was that lunch was crazy because we had alot of staff asking for their own kinds of food, which we tried to accommodate as much as we can.  We had fun days like bring your child to school and dress down mondays, also every staff got a birthday cake on their birthday with a poem written by me of course.  Microsoft was indeed a wonderful place to work in. ", " A completely useless experience. I joined the company with high hopes of career advancement. Suffer a while as a product advisor and then move up to Microsoft corporate. But, that will never be the case. If anything the managers try to keep you in your position for as long as humanly possible. Degrade you and give you no support or training. Pay is atrocious for a company that pulls in over 20 billion dollars a year in revenue.   Microsoft simply does not care about you. They only see the bottom line. There is no support, no care, just more work and more responsibility for the same amount of pay.   I would not recommend this position to anybody.   The discount for workers is 10%. Which is completely laughable.   No, Microsoft retail is the worst working experiences I have had to endure. Stay clear if at all possible. ", " Overall, I had a great experience at Microsoft.  Great teams, great work, relaxed work environment.  I started on a contract with a limited scope of responsibilities, but they saw that I could do more so I was regularly given more responsibilities and projects which really made the work interesting.  After my first contract, they brought me back after the break in a higher level role with commensurate pay. ", " Great place to work for the self-driven, offering competitive pay and flexible hours. There are literally a hundred directions you can take your career in, but the programs to promote career paths are murky at best. If you are fresh out of college, you'll be hand-held to success. If you are older, you're on your own. Equal opportunity employer with very diverse teams, and while nice to see, there are the typical stereo-type roles we all seem to play there in the end. The most positive aspect of my day is that I can find a job that fits my personal life-style, meaning I have a flexible schedule. This does limit my choices for advancement of course, but it's a welcome compromise. Also, Microsoft is loaded with incredibly intelligent people, which makes work fun and challenging. I do not find myself questioning my manager's decision-making skills, which is nice. On the frustrating side is the politics, and if you don't play it's tough to move ahead. Job security is also a major downer as teams come and go every 6 months when upper management decides to start up a new team to create visibility to their managers. Best way to look at Microsoft and IT as a whole - take care of your own business, always have a positive attitude, don't burn bridges, be a great team player and have a great brand to stand on, seek to learn new things and offer to take on new projects and make those around you better. ", " Very good place for developer and who has strong interest in technique. But there are so many meetings a week, some of them are tedious and long, which will distract you from your current work. ", " Monitor a large network of devices from an operations room consistently investigating single server issues, service wide update bugs, to helping identify initial phases to cyber attacks. ", " I am looking to work in a company that is diverse and inclusive of the cultures of their employees.  A company that has a good work/life balance, rewards its employees for work well done and takes care of their employees.'  The ideal company will have good benefits for employees and provides me with a full time job.  I am looking to enjoy the work that I do and really want to be fulfilled by it. ", " Microsoft has a great work culture. I am always working to advance my career with Microsoft and or the Tech industry as that is where my passion lies. ", " Working in Microsoft IT (we touched ALL businesses, internal and external) was extremely satisfying and very challenging. Very challenging in the fact that we had to balance business x's needs against business y's needs all with a finite budget. ", " While I strongly disagree with the stack ranking bell curve for promotions (even really good people sometimes get the \"lowest\" ranking), it is overall, a pretty good place to work.  Good compensation, good benefits and a culture that is quite collegiate.  A lot of career growth potential, especially in the Azure space. ", " The job is boring and not challenging. Co-workers were great but management needs so work. Never kept a set stander of anything. ", " World leading company that cares for its employees and its business in a very balanced and encouraging atmosphere.  Managers and Company care for your career and love to watch employees grow.  People are friendly and those you work with often begin to feel like a 2nd Family. ", " My main tasks were at my previous job as a Staffing Associate were:  -\tScheduling interviews -\tOpening and closing vacant positions -\tJob posting -\tFilling offers ", " Very professional people to work with. Everyone is busy doing their own thing without any need for supervision. Everyone is a team player. A very friendly environment. Employees are easy and comfortable to assist each other. Employees are interacting very well with people at different socio economic levels ", " We work hard and have fun! Microsoft is fast paced with lots of changes. Great team mates who are always willing help. A great place to be a Security Professional. ", " My time at Microsoft showed me a lot of opportunities to expand my knowledge and experience. There was always work and always new ideas about how we can improve our project work load. Be forward with what you want to learn and expose yourself to learn new skills that can help you with future careers. ", " As a Microsoft consultant, it's more possible to do lateral moves than vertical moves. You can make good money if you're ok being sort of a 2nd class citizen and camping out in the cafeteria. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " it's dog eat dog, and no clear message from the top when it comes to policy or job security.  Since the Vendor policy has been implemented, no one is comfortable there, even FTE's  No consistency or dedication to it's employees.  Either FTE or Vendor. and very few African Americans are employed by Microsoft ", " I loved my internship period at Microsoft Research. I learned a lot during my stay there, all people there is friendly (administrative staff and other researchers). Everybody is willing to help and clarify any doubt with respect to the work you're assigned.  Working there involves facing big research challenges at the edge of human knowledge and this can be stressful, but when you see that the solutions you design and implement are making the difference you feel rewarded. ", " Working there was an awesome experience. I would recommend working there. The pace is very fast potent. The staff were great and knowledgeable. ", " Analyzes and summarizes the current and future global demand/supply status. Predicitive models give out forecasting monthly volumes and the model performance metrics Analysis for incoming customer engagement request volumes on the required levels by 6 domains, by 5 geo locations ", " Most of the people I know who work at Microsoft are just there still because of the golden handcuffs not because they want to do anything cool.  I feel this is really holding back the company from doing innovative work. ", " mming languages have been created, mainly in the computer field, and many more still are being created every year. Many programming languages require  c ", " working at Microsoft has been very rewarding for me due to the employees/managers take pride in what they do. Its not about your dress code or your drive to please. To me its about your loyalty to the company. ", " Relaxed atmosphere based upon frequency of interactions. Appreciated the ability to \"Be your Own Boss\" and utilizing my in-field experience to successfully engage with potential consumers and customers. ", " we started out pulling cable..From cat5 to cat6..ASSEMBLED THE RACKS That the cable treys went in..Over all i enjoyed my work..Furcated fibers as well ", " Love working at Microsoft. Great culture and management and they treat employees very well.  Very hectic but fulfilling. Very Diverse working environment.  I just wish there were more jobs for user experience that were either remote or not located in Washington state. ", " Microsoft is a great company is a big Corporate Software Company.  I've enjoyed working there for 18 years.  Ask me more sometime soon. ", " The company culture should be clarified and more visible in the workplace so the employees identify themselves with both. Possibilities of progress within the company are very poor causing a high level of turnover. Also rewards and benefits are not clearly and professionally monitored. ", " The company has a great culture and its a fun environment to work with. The people make the day to day easy and enjoyable. They have a proven operating process and place for advancement. ", " One of my favorite things about Microsoft is that there was a focused effort for all team members to be successful  Drama was kept to a minimum and there was no back stabbing or jealous efforts to thwart an employee's success. The management was fair and level headed. Overall, the working environment was excellent.  Future employers will struggle to compare to the Microsoft experience I had. ", " Management excellence is not consistent and can vary greatly across teams. Company needs to advance its commitment to diversity and inclusion of all groups. ", " My org was a great place to work with creative and exciting people. I learned many things about both the tech I was working within and how the organizational structures interacts with one another at such a large company. ", " Excellent place to work for experienced professional. There is daily challenges, weekly challenges and goals. Get to work with cutting edge technologies and develop challenging tools and dynamic system changes everyday. ", " I found working at Microsoft amazing! People are upbeat and full of energy. If you are innovative this is the place to be! Microsoft has a great team of leaders and look to reach out to anyone who is willing to reach out to them. ", " Really everything was OK, except that Microsoft sold the operations in Reynosa, stopping my career path at the company. I was hired 7 months previous to this change.  It was not a happy change for me. ", " The overall experience was a great one. Work/life balance was what drove me to pursue something different. Microsoft is an amazing company to work for, the job culture was one of the best I've been in. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " I worked at MS while I was on sabbatical from Northern Virginia Community College.  It wasn't a full-time job.  The job introduced me to a great amount of technology. ", " I worked in both Mountain View and Sunnyvale office in the past.  It is a nice and fun place to work.    Each group has its own culture, different work life balance ", " I loved my internship period at Microsoft Research. I learned a lot during my stay there, all people there is friendly (administrative staff and other researchers). Everybody is willing to help and clarify any doubt with respect to the work you're assigned.  Working there involves facing big research challenges at the edge of human knowledge and this can be stressful, but when you see that the solutions you design and implement are making the difference you feel rewarded. ", " i would love to work here and ive dreamed about this since i was a kid. please hire me. i will work till the day i die. i love tis job. its fun, it pays well and i could have never had asked for a better job. ", " My experience at Microsoft is interesting. The program I work on is new so I had to deal with a bit more ambiguity than your average Program Manager. They tell you that working here is like drinking from a fire hose, I can attest that that is a true statement. I was challenged daily and learned very quickly that if I didn't know the answer, I better figure out a way to find it. I'm thankful for the opportunity and would recommend Microsoft to anyone who doesn't mind being challenged. ", " I have learned Change Management at Micrsoft, going from a Leading Devices Company (Nokia) with more than 90% market share to a struggling Company in Devices around 2% market share. Change in terms of Customers and Channel management, Working with limited budgets, raise our fighting spirit and most importantly, ability to adapt to a totally new culture. ", " Not a bad job just very technical and can take up to 6 months before you fully understand how to help customers. I would recommend to anyone who likes a challenge and like dealing with multiple situations ", " Provide the highest level of technical and customer support for tablets with business clients Recognize and respond to customer needs and demonstrate sincere commitment to resolving customer needs Probe customers to identify underlying issues and pose critical questions Search and retrieve information from various databases for the customer Demonstrate a sincere commitment to resolving the needs of the customer Respond to customer frustrations using excellent interpersonal and communication skills Explain concepts and present technical information clearly to business customers; identify the level of technical knowledge of the customer and adjust technical communications to solve customer need Complete case notes in the call tracking database accurately ", " Greet customers as they walk in the store while asking if there was something specific or pointing out the different sections of the store.   Interacted with several customers and co workers on a daily basis as well as cleaned, organized and restocked product on the floor. ", " This is a very, very corporate environment to work in. Managers tend to be uptight and don't spend time with lower level managers and have a chip on their shoulders. Outside of the group people are awesome ", " Nice co-workers, but they didn't get too close as you might not be there next year. Worked with the latest technology. Expected to be there whenever anything was going on. ", " You need to be selective and make sure you are working for a compatible team. I worked for several teams, only a couple of them were compatible. ", " That was the great management and Great place ever. i did work on contract base and more clearly with third party. Microsoft also gives you a chance to invent more things. so that's why it was a 6 months contract base job in which we learned code &amp; many more. So, that was the just fantastic. ", " Working at microsoft has been a great experience. You get exposed to many products and learnings that by the end of a couple months you will already have learned various skills that should help you become a great employee. Microsoft makes sure to help along the way. They provide many E-learnings to beef up your knowledge and also pay any certifications or school up to a certain limit each year to advance in your education. ", " flexible work schedule with challenging  projects, management is a need to know basis and not informing. Coworkers are mostly interested I their own careers at all cost. ", " I enjoyed working here. It was a great place and had a laid back style of work. However, everyone I worked with were hard workers and gave their work everything they had. ", " It was a nice job for a work at home job. I would wake up and deal with angry customers for 8 hours and go on with my life.I learned everything about the Xbox 360 and Xbox One inside out, and the flaws of the Xbox consoles. The hardest thing is Christmas you don't get much time off unless you request time off. The most enjoyable part of the job was the benefits. The more time you worked, you would be entered into raffles. I won a free year membership one time which was pretty cool. ", " Terrible work/life balance (it's expected from you to work 60 hours/week). New senior management doesn't have a clue where the \"new\" One Microsoft is going. Advancing stocks with laid off excellent people. New ideas aren't accepted at all. Lost last 15 years with terrible HR decisions and now employees and customers are paying the price. Too many unnecessary acquisitions and nothing really new in past 15 years.  Microsoft is still back in time with Windows 95/98.  Only benefits are OK, but other companies are offering even better benefits. Overall not very good place to work. ", " I love to working here, people are friendly and most of them are very innovative and talented.  i learnt how to be a professional and how effectively communicate with others. ", " I really loved working at Microsoft great people fun place to work team support great work hours 6-3 Monday - Friday making fresh food daily "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " I love working at Microsoft (Bing Ads) the work life balance is great and rewarding. I definitely want to continue working here ", " Well it was my first experience working with Aptec Mobile in UAE, it was very good and unforgettable experience, i have learnt lots of basic things which is very important for the future career. ", " Microsoft is great place to work. I have been there for 15 years and could always manage to have a good life balance. If you are lucky to have a good manager it will be great, But not all managers are good there. Some of them are really bad managers. ", " I choose not to review this job due to the fact that i signed a contract to not do any surveys or even talk about the details of my job. ", " It's great to be working with many smart people come from many countries ( India, China, Finland...). I have access to many active work environment. can grow and learn many skills ", " Overall Microsoft is an excellent place to hone your skills. With multiple resources and opportunities to expand your knowledge set and with abundant opportunities to move into new roles ", " Very enjoyable, great people, and great working environment. Everyone is pushed hard but free to explore their ideas. Made to feel like a part of a team. ", " Microsoft is the best of the best. When you see it, hear it, or think it you know you are part of something that is amazing! Microsoft take amazing care of its employees like non other. ", " Very good and healthy working environment Can work freely without any restrictions Lots of Refreshment available to pick from. ", " Very friendly environment to work.  Managers and all employees are supportive. Allowed to work flexible without restrictions. ", " Easy Work. You learn enough about product to get you by, but you should know computer basics already. Provides equipment. Top level management is great, in store management, well that depends on who your in store manager is. Hardest part of the job? It's customer service. Most enjoyable part of the job? When I make someone who really needed help with their computer smile. It's all worth it then. ", " Provide the highest level of technical and customer support for tablets with business clients Recognize and respond to customer needs and demonstrate sincere commitment to resolving customer needs Probe customers to identify underlying issues and pose critical questions Search and retrieve information from various databases for the customer Demonstrate a sincere commitment to resolving the needs of the customer Respond to customer frustrations using excellent interpersonal and communication skills Explain concepts and present technical information clearly to business customers; identify the level of technical knowledge of the customer and adjust technical communications to solve customer need Complete case notes in the call tracking database accurately ", " Microsoft is a company that is globally focused and this perspective permeates every effort that is made. This is at the same time exciting, humbling and fulfilling.  Work can be strenuous and very time-consuming but also flexible and adaptable. There is ample opportunity to \"rise to the occasion\" and undertake bigger and more impactful projects and initiatives.  The colleagues are among the brightest and most interesting people I have ever met and I have stayed in touch with a number of them since leaving the company.  The most difficult part of working at Microsoft occurs when strategy shifts abruptly and requires complete reworking of plans and initiatives.  The most enjoyable part of working there is the opportunity to effect change on things that will affect millions of users. ", " Unfortunately had to use Windows 8 and access to Linux servers was somewhat difficult.  Cafeteria is great and people are pleasant. ", " This was/is by far the greatest company I have ever worked for and I would go back in a heartbeat if the opportunity presented itself. ", " This is an excellent company to work for.  They make working from home easy and enjoyable.  You build a wealth of knowledge with Xbox.  The people who you work with are fantastic, the team leads help make your daily tasks easier.  The hardest part of this job would be taking on accounts that have been hacked while someone has played on line and their personal information had been stolen.  The most enjoyable part of my job was being able to introduce people into xbox and the gaming world! ", " i enjoyed analyzing partner business plan and coaching on the right approach in executing a step by step plan to close any engagement. supporting partner with all the sales engine in driving the partner generated lead and opportunity. sharing the reviewed leads from the marketing team has been something i love to do day by day. ", " Microsoft is great if you make it on as an FTE (Full Time Employee), which is a shame that more contractors (which do most of the work around there) are not hired into full time positions. ", " Great and fun work environment. Schedule flexibility is also great. It was an excellent experience to work with groups of different ethnic and background experience. ", " Very friendly place to work, well established facilities and parking is always easy to find. Work flow may fluctuate over time but work here is not too hard as long as you understand what you do. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " very good atmosphere, coworker and satisfactory job., overall satisfaction with my manager in terms of 1:1 , related to job queries ,scrum meetings and quite comfortable  with the opinions for the individuals ", " Its a project base only and good for two months only.If wee pass the minimum quota wee can extend the project.But the product is cherry mobile to promote the windows phone. ", " I work with a company who handles Microsoft projects. Our project was a pilot project. We have exceeded Microsoft goals and they have decided to bring new business. Convergys has a ping pong able and a foosball table where employees can unwind. The work environment is great here. ", " really fun place to work. lots of perks. great benefits.  breakroom and culture are awesome.  really try to take care of employees, love the    things they try to do ", " Great place to work, had a lot of fun and met some great people hopefully one day I can go back and work there again because it is very rewarding, thumbs up! ", " Great management support. Lots of great professionals willing to provide support when required. Dynamic position with great responsibility. ", " Amazing place, managers are great, the entire company is great great people management great IT great all day was enjoyable ", " I worked at MS for nearly 10 years.  My only real complaint is that certain managers fail to fully embrace the real cultural changes driven from the top.  They tend to remain part of the 'old guard' and it can make working there miserable.  If you don't have one these managers, it's a fun, great place to work. ", " My job is to sell computers or mode projects of high tech, from the beginning to the final decision I  have to follow all my projects and have to give regulary news to my director ", " Work environment in Microsoft is good but the job security is problem to employees, higher management decisions are affecting many employees ", " You get what you put in. If you want a good work life balance you can do that and be successful. Great pay and benefits. Inclusive culture. Easy to move around to other teams if you want to. ", " Microsoft has a good work life balance.  Highly recommend working here as it is a great source for networking and career growth. ", " Good to work in microsoft good work Enviroment the management also good but the thing they reat diifernt for contractors only the one thing ", " A typical day at work consisted of resolving complicated issues such as, troubleshoot issues, investigating unknown issues, etc. I learned how to work well in a large team, teaching others how to work with our system, leading groups of coworkers to be more efficient. I enjoyed working with my co-workers, since we had to work closely we were able to build a great work relationship and it pushed us to work harder as a team. The hardest part of my job was when unknown issues couldn't be resolved right away due to not having a sufficient amount of people available to assist. Also, when we had to test new apps and there were many issues. The most enjoyable part of my job was resolving issues , building towards goals and finding ways to be more efficient as an individual and also as a team! ", " Nice team  Good organization  Work culture is good  Good co ordination with the team Nice place to work  Learn lot of things  Over all had good team spirit ", " My typical day at work would be a cusotmer not so happy about it\u00b4s pc being upgraded to windows 10 , what I\u00b4ve learned about it is that costumers they dont see the value on it what it can do for them , so what I try to explain to them is the bennefits the program those for them and also to let them know that it is for free , the hardest part is to hear out the response of the 1% of the unhappy costumers the enjoyable part is that you have a lot of tools like the remote view to view what\u00b4s happenning and to give a more satisfaying solution to them . ", " Not impressed. I expected more professionalism, greater internal rapport between agents and management, better communication and an overall greater sense of pride in my place of employment. Since I started in October there have been a number of inexcusable forced changes made by the upper management in regards to Concierge Support, the specific program I was assigned to, and the changes continue to take place on a regular basis, each one hendering our ability to perform our roles adequately according to the stats they require, which also change constantly. I have never worked in an environment of such poor standard. My fellow coworkers are above par, always exceeding customer expectations and yet are still reprimanded by management for minimal error. I could say more but I will leave it at that. ", " You get what you put in. If you want a good work life balance you can do that and be successful or if you want to put in a lot of extra hours you'll be recognized. Great pay and benefits. Inclusive culture. Easy to move around to other teams if you want to. My friends who were hired with me and didn't click with their first teams have mostly found new teams that they enjoy better. ", " This was my first job I had in an office as well as my first one finishing college. My duties were to receive calls from people who had visited Microsoft stores and answer any questions that had about our products or needed assistance on software we supported. I learned how to be patient here and I was one to take calls from the elderly and help them with installs of office, or any programs they had, or if they purchased a Windows Phone I would guild them on how to use it. The hardest hart was the holiday season, when we had so many calls that came in to ask about the Surface launch or about being on back orders. I enjoyed being able to help people with technical help because many of the elderly felt bad to ask their family for help I would always talk to them as if they were my grandparents. ", " Very relaxed environment to work, great managers, very good for career advancement. The hardest part of the job is all the red tape you have to go through to get something done. A lot of planning and pre-planning. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Every day we have a meeting to talk about our numbers, what the company main focuses are, and how to engage the costumers and provide them with world first class costumer experience. I've developed my presentation and communications skills. I am fluent in the Windows OS (windows 7,8,8.1 and 10). I learned how to troubleshoot computers and fix them. The management team is great at keeping the energy going at all times. They need to improve on focusing a little more on the employees career development. Personally the hardest part of the job was learning the language of IT at first, then it was easy, the most enjoyable part of my job is constant training on Microsoft products, and services, managing business clients accounts and maintaining a relationship with them. with this job we have the chance to help individuals and make an impact in our community. ", " Microsoft is a place that can be hard to get into, but once you're in, the opportunities are endless.  When I first started at MS, I was working for another company (Aquantive/Atlas) that was acquired by MS, and the initial transition was hectic, but after a short period of getting to know new management and some new \"best practices\" things resumed at their normal, yet hectic pace. After a couple years of hard work, a couple promotions and always looking ahead, it became clear that this was the place that I was meant to be.  After some internal struggles with management across MS, we got a new CEO, changed the way we look at the future and eliminated \"stack ranking\". I now believe that MS is one of the best possible places to work, with endless possibilities for training, development and career advancement.  Yes, it's hard to get in (the interviews are brutal), but if you know your stuff, have a passion to drive the future and like working with other like-minded individuals, don't hesitate, apply for something! ", " My typical day at work would be a cusotmer not so happy about it\u00b4s pc being upgraded to windows 10 , what I\u00b4ve learned about it is that costumers they dont see the value on it what it can do for them , so what I try to explain to them is the bennefits the program those for them and also to let them know that it is for free , the hardest part is to hear out the response of the 1% of the unhappy costumers the enjoyable part is that you have a lot of tools like the remote view to view what\u00b4s happenning and to give a more satisfaying solution to them . ", " Daily work hours were flexible, but there were quite often conference calls at all hours of the night (e.g. 2-3am) to suit US time zone. Working from home is possible if it fits with the team. Management varies depending on the department. Some great, some not. Immediate co-workers and team members were great. Wider Microsoft teams were very closed off, non-supportive, and non-communicative. Hardest part of the job was feeling like we always had to do more with less in a shorter timeframe, and compromise on features of the product. Most enjoyable part of the job was the people in the immediate team who were always friendly and supportive. ", " Great company to work for they give plenty of support. this is a idela job if your interested what it like to work in a customer service type enviroment ", " it was great place to work considering it was retail mall hours, but besides that I have had great experience working there. ", " It was pleasure to work with Microsoft professional employees who had started at Microsoft from early 1990s and were experts of Windows Internals. ", " IT problem solving for Microsoft Exchange Server, phone calls and remote sessions with clients, research for solutions and technical reports were my daily duties. I've improved my IT knowledge and I've acquiered soft skills in English communication. I've dealt with an avarage of ten technical support incidences per day. The hardest part of the job was to deal with customers of differents backgrounds and culture. The most enjoyable part was the international enviroment at work. ", " Most of the jobs and work at Microsoft are very rewarding with great people to learn from and opportunities for advancement.  The company is huge, so there are many roles a person could perform, and changing roles periodically is actually encouraged.  However, even with the new management in place, the review model is not good and promotes competition over cooperation. For some people that is preferred, but it detracts from creating a healthy team and company culture.  Ultimately, everyone is a number, and the size of the corporation can undermine the value of people. Some teams are better than others and the quality of the team managers makes all the difference. ", " From my perspective, Microsoft is a well-established corporation which has basically been riding its laurels into the current technology space. It has horrible/non-existent processes in place which contribute to the sometimes overwhelming detriment to productivity. There is also a very defensive/sensitive culture, which is exacerbated by the lack of individuals who really care about what they are doing. Management is generally horrendous and barely has a grasp on what is going on. Development of employees is also at an all time low. Soo much so it's scary to actually see where some of the more senior engineers are on a technological competency scale. There are of course exceptions but, generally speaking, they are few and far between. I'll leave my feedback at that. One look into the internals of Microsoft, especially the Xbox org, will speak for itself. ", " Professional and financial growth opportunities with a very good working environment. it is really fun working with Microsoft. ", " Great challenges and smart, thoughtful people. Reasonable budgets Decent work/life balance It's not about mentors here, but all about who will champion you! ", " This was my first job I had in an office as well as my first one finishing college. My duties were to receive calls from people who had visited Microsoft stores and answer any questions that had about our products or needed assistance on software we supported. I learned how to be patient here and I was one to take calls from the elderly and help them with installs of office, or any programs they had, or if they purchased a Windows Phone I would guild them on how to use it. The hardest hart was the holiday season, when we had so many calls that came in to ask about the Surface launch or about being on back orders. I enjoyed being able to help people with technical help because many of the elderly felt bad to ask their family for help I would always talk to them as if they were my grandparents. ", " I enjoyed working at Microsoft.  I would work 8 hours a day. Everyday was always something new. I learned how to fix a computer. How to speak with businesses. The management was not the best. The Hardest part of the job was to try and figure out what the management team wanted you to do. Being about to help people with their computers. ", " It used to be great company to work for but has been on steep decline for few years. No longer good company to work for. Overall it is best for people that like to be involved with politics and favoritism. Good ideas are just ignored (especially if any action would be required from management) and only whatever makes the management look good is supported. I was hopeful when Satya took over but it just became complete mess. He states his vision for Microsoft but otherwise it is not visible below him. There is more worry among employees after recent lay offs. Those have crippled some teams and there is no rehiring in sight. ", " Working environment is good. People are very friendly. Team members are good and support. Manger is nice. I am happy working at Microsoft ", " I learned a lot as a Data Engineer an learnt about data and did some personal bootcamp training myself and attended meetings.  But i wanted to show my skills to start up companies. ", " It was really good working for the latest technologies. Also the project is well developed with advance technologies. For the Full the stack developer this was the best oppurtunites ", " I was lucky to have a manager early on in my career, highly suggest that I should move between divisions and groups to not only gain experience, but to use the knowledge I gained to help deliver great products and services in other groups.     Microsoft has mini cultures within each division, so moving from role to role is like moving between start up's every 1-2 years.     The upside of moving to new divisions and roles, you gain a ton of experience and can get promoted along the way.   The downside is losing upward mobility (e.g. lead and director level opportunities). ", " I always look forward to going to work and giving it my best. I really like interacting with customers on a daily basses. One of the best management an co-workers to working with. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " I get to talk about all sorts of Microsoft products and services. It's usually a fun time in the unpredictable setting of New York, the environment welcomes all sorts of characters both employed or as customer or simple passerby's. I've had the privilege of dabbling in the most basic of customer service duties to more advanced, branch-out roles such as inventory, administration, merchandising, and technical support...Not many places allow for such well-rounded growth. ", " Management is open to feedback and always striving to improve. Plenty of opportunities to find your niche either in sales, coaching, tech services, community, or business. ", " You get what you put in. If you want a good work life balance you can do that and be successful or if you want to put in a lot of extra hours you'll be recognized. Great pay and benefits. Inclusive culture. Easy to move around to other teams if you want to. My friends who were hired with me and didn't click with their first teams have mostly found new teams that they enjoy better. ", " You get what you put in. If you want a good work life balance you can do that and be successful or if you want to put in a lot of extra hours you'll be recognized. Great pay and benefits. Inclusive culture. Easy to move around to other teams if you want to. My friends who were hired with me and didn't click with their first teams have mostly found new teams that they enjoy better. ", " Not great like what you think it would be or could be. Management is very poor and the employee rating system is really screwed up. ", " I enjoyed working at Microsoft because the breadth of technologies and customers meant that everyday would be a new challenge. In addition to this it is filled with great, supportive and intelligent colleagues who are always on hand to help or advise where needed. I also found there to be good rewards and benefits in addition to the salary for the work you were expected to do. ", " I enjoyed working at Microsoft.  I would work 8 hours a day. Everyday was always something new. I learned how to fix a computer. How to speak with businesses. The management was not the best. The Hardest part of the job was to try and figure out what the management team wanted you to do. Being about to help people with their computers. ", " I gave one star as the values shown are in reality not follow by the company. Management is bias and goes by rumors to judge employee. The system employee evaluation encourages rivalry among fellow coworkers,on the outside everybody seems nice but when it comes evaluation time, they will destroy you if see you are a good potential for a raise. They stressed the importance of work life balance but that's another fantasy. You will not look good if you don't keep up with emails during your days off or even vacation. You will also look bad if you stay in the same position for about 3-4yrs they said you need to look higher level even if you do a good job .No job security you can be fired anytime if you are a good employee or not with without reason. ", " I enjoyed working at Microsoft.  I would work 8 hours a day. Everyday was always something new. I learned how to fix a computer. How to speak with businesses. The management was not the best. The Hardest part of the job was to try and figure out what the management team wanted you to do. Being about to help people with their computers. ", " You get what you put in. If you want a good work life balance you can do that and be successful or if you want to put in a lot of extra hours you'll be recognized. Great pay and benefits. Inclusive culture. Easy to move around to other teams if you want to. My friends who were hired with me and didn't click with their first teams have mostly found new teams that they enjoy better. ", " Everyone I worked with was great and the training was super easy to understand and get through. Management was understanding and would help you if you weren't sure on something. ", " I enjoyed working at Microsoft.  I would work 8 hours a day. Everyday was always something new. I learned how to fix a computer. How to speak with businesses. The management was not the best. The Hardest part of the job was to try and figure out what the management team wanted you to do. Being about to help people with their computers. ", " Overall, Microsoft is a place where ideas are welcomed and  striving as a team allows you to succeed. Work life balance is exceptional and the ability to grow and learn is persistent. The company perceives each customer as a part of the family of Microsoft and would go above and beyond for their customers satisfaction. The work flow is fast pace and enjoyable. ", " probably management has the biggest hit here with the stupid ranking system which they STILL do.. don't be fooled.. Peers are mostly awesome... ", " There has to be no typical day at work. I can be at a client site, event, meeting, or gala. I get to meet new people daily and service existing clients. This has helped me learn about many different client rhythms from government, education, and enterprise. My coworkers are amazing and fun. I also enjoy having a diverse group of coworkers and I have to say that I have a boss who cares. He does his best to help me succeed and get to the next level. I would say the hardest part about the job is generating new opportunities for growth as my space becomes more inundated. My favorite part about the job is working on diversity and inclusion projects, as well as our great giving program. ", " I ran several product management teams in Redmond and really enjoyed my experience at Microsoft.  Lots of super smart people, great products and access to the best customers in the world. ", " It was the greatest work experience I have had to date. I was exploited for my skills and talents and laid off when the developers found a more cost effective way to do my job but that is business. ", " Good company with a good liaise person with LUMS, good consultancy project team. Good environment of working and professional working team.    Project is challenging with a good mentor and system to find data. ", " Working in the mobile phones division has been exciting, rewarding and also challenging - always pushing ourselves to execute new and innovative ways to engage consumers through digital and physical experiences. True teamwork across markets, divisions and channels - in an ever changing and challenging environment. ", " Busy day to day technology company requiring significant travel and meeting many different types of customers.   Building excitement with partners to sell Microsoft Mobile devices and training on new products and features "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " It is good and productive, it is most enjoyable working environment. My co-workers are nice and helpful, we have many things to learn over here to upgrade myself technically. ", " Good facilities Ground breaking work excellent work environment and facilities Only concern is about job security as it could sometimes be on the edge when org restructures or project shuts down. ", " Lots of training sessions and need to pass the tests that were conducted every week in order to check the performance. As a fresher I was more focused towards the session as it was the right time and right place to enhance my skills ", " Salaries are good at Microsoft and if you are in a good group this could be a great place to work. Unfortunately in their finance department they like to churn and burn through employees. ", " The company can at times be unprofessional as far as providing information to it's employees.The short notice of programs closing leaves us unprepared for our next steps. ", " Lots of different opportunities within the company but work experience typical day varies based on team or management or project. Some weeks will be 40 hours and other weeks it can be 50 to 60 hours. Management varies and some are great managers who are there to support you and help you learn on the job and grow your career while some are just to manage you. The hardest part of the job is dealing with ambiguity and unrealistic expectations and last minute budget cuts. The most enjoyable part of the job is having some great co-workers. Work life balance is tough at times although managers do encourage employees to do their best to own it. ", " loads of energy, great environment.  Training was extensive, lots of elearnings which was a drag every month.  Typical day was usually slower compared to other retail jobs.  You get paid good money to play video games. ", " Great workplace with room for advancement. Working for Microsoft was eventful, different, and a varied experience.While management was not as attentive as possible, the executives are extremely open to new ideas, ", " Being privileged to work in the finance department for a software company, the atmosphere is slightly more relaxed and quieter while still maintaining a high level of professionalism. Our hours are flexible depending on deadlines like month end closing for example. The management treat all employees with the highest level of respect and praise. The hardest part of my job is probably the last 4 days of the month when we look towards closing the month end accounts. We generally are incredibly busy with journal entries and nominal postings for our consolidated accounts.  As my roll is predominately operations so I enjoy taking on new challenges and daily tasks that fall my way. ", " Working at Microsoft was a great Experience i learned so much about the Technology world and more to come , insights and help i got from my team was great ", " Great place to work with lots of exicting challenges and very intelligent people to leverage in day-to-day operations and job functions. ", " Microsoft is a relaxed environment that supports and nurtures employees to grow. The most enjoyable part of the position is to be able to support the account managers and achieve their Customer satisfaction targets. The peers are friendly and diverse. Management has an open door policy. ", " Microsoft delivers great pay, and awesome benefits; however, needs to get better at collaboration and teamwork.  The hardest part of the job is working outside of your own team.  The single exception to this - and bright spot of Microsoft as a whole - is Skype.  This team has a completely different culture, and one founded on great collaboration between the teams. ", " I am all about the customers and having a great time at work training and coaching on the spot for employee so the understand there job better and have great time working. work hard ", " I learned more on a 3-month contract as a PC Tech than I did in a year of college. Definitely a wonderful experience. Unfortunately, the team was small, and security isn't strong. ", " Microsoft is a great place to work for pay, benefits, and impact. great career boost and place to learn.  The email culture takes a toll on work/life balance.  they call it \"integration\" be prepared for constant connectivity you need to own your balance.  Culture more collaborative and innovative with Satya leadership. ", " Worked in University Recruiting as an Onboarding Logistics Coordinator.  Onboarded anywhere from 400-600 University students for full time and internship positions.  Learned about visa processing, post offer activities, and gained strong customer service skills by working directly with the applicants.  Always had solid managers who were supportive, knowledgeable, and helped guide our team in the right direction.  The hardest part was just learning how to manage high volumes of data, and making sure to update multiple systems as many of them fed information from one to another.  There's really nothing bad I can say about Microsoft.  I loved working in University Recruiting, everyone including the managers were supportive and helpful, and everyone had a very strong work ethic and positive attitude which really motivated me on a daily basis. ", " If you enjoy helping people this is a job for you, Some days are harder than others but i am a people person and knowing i made their day means more than anything ", " Provided technical and network problem resolution to end-users (customers) by performing a question diagnosis while guiding users through step-by-step solutions. Solutions include, but are not limited to, resolving username and password problems, uninstalling/reinstalling basic software applications, verifying proper hardware and software set up, power cycling equipment, assisting with navigating around application menus and troubleshooting email issues. Support was provided by clearly communicating technical solutions in a user-friendly and professional manner. ", " Good work life balance at Microsoft like nowhere else. Great team and very knowledgeable in the latest technologies.  Flexible hours. Very friendly managers. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Day at work - Always challenged Learned - Software Lifecycle Management, Consulting, Delivery Excellence, Project and Program Management ", " I worked in both Mountain View and Sunnyvale office in the past.  It is a nice and fun place to work.    Each group has its own culture, different work life balance ", " Great place to work; challenging; rewarding work; customer service oriented; co-workers are very smart and push you to be the best co-worker you can be ", " Typical work day was full of interaction with Azure customers via twitter along with posting communications for any Azure related outages. Management was over worked and had quite the disconnect with what went on other then looking at spotting reporting. Co workers were great to work with except for one that seemed to have it out for others. The hardest part of the job was the lack of training on continues changes made for the job. Changes were being made and we were briefly notified about those changes. ", " Supporting customers implementing beta technology to understand and make sure new features are working as designed.  Just satisfactory to get a new version of a product that Affects a large number of customer and training internal coworkers on new features/functionality ", " Great benefits and pay.  Super enthusiastic people.  Great career growth. Gets harder as you go up the chain. Has problems that come with a big orgs such as things move slowly sometimes. ", " As interns, we are treated like kings and queens. We get paid a very high rate per hour and have a travel experiences and housing subsidies included. There's even an intern night where everyone was given a huge product gift (like a laptop or xbox) and they rented out the carnival. There are game nights, hack-a-thons, and labs to improve skills.  The internship experience depends a lot on the team that you're on. I did not enjoy content publishing. I had my own office as an intern, and I was a bit lonely because I was the only intern in my field. Some interns were paired together. I enjoyed working with the people there.  Nearly every intern gets a solid job office.  I'd highly recommend the experience. ", " Great Place to Work. They are all about work life balance and their benefits are out of sight. The people there and smart and friendly ", " I've worked here for a long time and it's changed from a company with a small company attitude, being fun and creative. No longer agile, exciting company to work for. Became the IBM they originally were fighting against. ", " I really enjoy the professional atmosphere presented at MS they are a founding leader in IT for a reason and it shows. Anyone working at Microsoft will be challenged consistently to grow and take the risks needed in business when it comes to providing professional services software and support. ", " I love coming into work because everyone is so much fun to work with in all departments. Whether its in inventory, leadership, techs, I absolutely love working in a high energy groups. Making friends and meeting new people is what I am currently experiencing now here at Microsoft. Microsoft provides me many opportunities to gain experience in to better my career future. ", " You are self paced, self managed I've learned about project management, service delivery, bussiness continuity and MS Store Online (pre-post sales) I've seen the world, lots of travelling, great team members Global collaboration with peers. ", " As an intern, I was given the freedom to work on my thesis and explore various topics. This greatly benefited the learning process. ", " Convergys is a good company. I am able to have fun while working. I learned a lot of technical skills in my account(Microsoft). We were given support trainings before they release their newly design products and services. ", " Good company, but it's still in transition. I was there for 20 yrs and I would recommend it. While I didn't leave by choice I still hold no ill will and have full faith in their ability to stay relevant for a very long time. ", " This company is now out of business for a good reason. Poorly ran by management and ownership. They expected way to much from you with little compensation ", " You get paid well for your time but it is a lot of your time if you work global.  6am in the morning and 8pm in the evening.   Re-orgs are common so you need to be thinking about your next moves. ", " Great place to work, lots of very smart people. A variety of communication skill sets, many people do not know how to communicate their needs. Upper level management are all in, middle management walks the talk but doesn't necessarily agree. ", " My role includes supporting multiple vendors all across multiple sites and working closely with the teams to manage logged incidents and escalations as required.  I am responsible for managing and administering vendor access to Microsoft resources and applications and setup of email accounts. My daily involvement is to communicate effectively with external vendors on a 1st &amp; 2nd line basis, resolve vendor issues, and engage other internal MS groups to assist in issue resolution, prioritize workload and take ownership of logged incidents. Responsibilities in this Project include: Configuring, specification and deployment of Microsoft tools to the EMEA Suppliers and outsourced services. Assisting VIS PMs to assist in the implementation and support of systems in a production environment  Managing requests and escalations from suppliers through a shared mailbox. Working with internal and external Telecoms teams to provision and configure service desk infrastructure. Responsible for analysis, evaluation and reporting of EMEA based \u2018Severity A\u2019 supplier outages.  Incident management tracking for Microsoft tools deployed to Vendor boundaries requiring fault finding, investigation, post mortem. ", " I had been Microsoft 6 years. Very good company:  Good Job Work/Life Balance Good Compensation/Benefits Good Job Security/Advancement (if you want to reallocate to Redmond) Good Management Good Job Culture "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Challenging place with nice people. Feedback from management was quick and helpful. The most difficult aspect was getting consistent information, but it was a very good experience. ", " ASSURE Automation,  My function was to execute any necessary change requests and provide assistance to developers as they deployed updates to the service.   I was also assist developers with access to certain logs they might need to diagnose issues that we were seeing. ", " wake up at 6am, drive to the next time to the next district to work,  Do training to the shop keepers, put up posters, advice the shop owners on what to stock, check there stock level then make orders.  advice on the new product available, which is on the pipeline and the type of promotion which is on going or which is to start. ", " Meh. Pay is good, but management, constant reorgs and lack of job security. As a vendor you get treated like a second class citizen. ", " I really loved working at Microsoft great people fun place to work team support great work hours 6-3 Monday - Friday making fresh food daily ", " It was a nice job for a work at home job. I would wake up and deal with angry customers for 8 hours and go on with my life.I learned everything about the Xbox 360 and Xbox One inside out, and the flaws of the Xbox consoles. The hardest thing is Christmas you don't get much time off unless you request time off. The most enjoyable part of the job was the benefits. The more time you worked, you would be entered into raffles. I won a free year membership one time which was pretty cool. ", " There is considerable pressure on the Project Teams to deliver against aggressive schedules.  The Redmond campus has excellent workplace balance functions which are essentially there to offset the extensive number of hours that tend to be worked.  I think the overall career opportunities and job security in general are quite good now that the major restructuring has already passed.  Pay is comparable to jobs in other companies although overall benefits including the bonus were much better then at previous companies. ", " Working at microsoft has been a great experience. You get exposed to many products and learnings that by the end of a couple months you will already have learned various skills that should help you become a great employee. Microsoft makes sure to help along the way. They provide many E-learnings to beef up your knowledge and also pay any certifications or school up to a certain limit each year to advance in your education. ", " It's always good to get the skills and to have the right sort of mind to be an admin assistant, the way you think has to be creative and imaginative. but being just that's make me very good at what i do. admin is straight forward if there is something to be done, you do it! ", " Very casual work environment, free drinks and snacks etc. Lovely campus, and discount on lunch. Employees however have to watch their backs every now and then ", " I like the flexibility to work from home but the pay and OT are not balanced. I work many hours with limited assistance and am not as well paid as many of the FT teams. ", " Multi cultural, diverse, great work environment offering several onsite activities such as yoga, boot camp, running, biking, soccer, Toast Masters, etc. ", " Microsoft is an amazing place to work, the people are friendly and the foods amazing. The job itself (game testing) is fun but would rather work in a different department doing something else in the future. ", " flexible work schedule with challenging  projects, management is a need to know basis and not informing. Coworkers are mostly interested I their own careers at all cost. ", " MS allowed me to cultivate and refine my skills in an environment where I am intellectually stimulated and always growing. I've learned valuable skills in diversity, inclusion, cooperation and a tireless work ethic while attending here. ", " Awesome place to work.  40 hours a week.  learned many things.  lots of different teams to work on varied experience can be obtained per team ", " working hours was from 9 to 6 finding family environment with colleagues  challenges fought in meeting target was the most enjoyable part of the job ", " Microsoft services operates very sporadically, a lot of remote and little in person face-to-face time outside of client ", " With the global supply chain, Microsoft gave me a platform to flex my concepts and develop as there is always something new to learn. ", " -Great company culture with really fun and awesome people to work with. -Lots of staff benefits and the pantry is always stocked -They provide lots of training too "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Nice campus, Good work environment, Good work hours, Always learning new things, Very fun place to work, Causal work environment, Every day is learning experience. ", " 1) A typical day at work: Productivities: OTD, Out put, Quality, Scrap 2) What you learned: Execute all activities: Manpower, assembly method, defect, quality\u2026.to achieve all KPIs 3) Management:  - Man power management - Management line production assembly Phone - Store &amp; material control management - Make weekly KPIs &amp; get actions to improve KPIs ", " Microsoft is an amazing place to work. Your success depends a lot on your team. Most people are really nice and accommodating. ", " Great place to work and the job is rewarding. Free snacks and drinks in the break room and the culture is out of this world. ", " Free and frank work environment. Lot of work but no stress. Nice place to work with good work/life balance. Decent benefits. Management is ok. Not the best place for folks starting their careers. ", " IT problem solving for Microsoft Exchange Server, phone calls and remote sessions with clients, research for solutions and technical reports were my daily duties. I've improved my IT knowledge and I've acquiered soft skills in English communication. I've dealt with an avarage of ten technical support incidences per day. The hardest part of the job was to deal with customers of differents backgrounds and culture. The most enjoyable part was the international enviroment at work. ", "  \tOwnership of the project. Sometimes this means building high-level initiatives and rolling up sleeves and diving into the technical details.  \tManaged efforts designing and development of Data warehouse and building of solutions that suits business need.  \tProactively assess project risks and develop mitigation plans or escalations to leadership for timely manner resolution  \tManage project scope to maintain focus on core business objectives within time and budget constraints. Stellar time man\u00acage\u00acment and documentation skills  \tProvide continuous communication between other Technical ", " Typically, each day leaves you fulfilled, knowing you've helped someone enjoy their entertainment system.  This is also the most enjoyable part of the job.  Management sets goals &amp; rewards in line w/ the company vision.  Many co-workers are intelligent/fun/creative people. ", " Working at Microsoft can be very rewarding but also very frustrating. Work streams are heavily siloed so exploration into other work streams is difficult. Management is a mixed bag. Some are very good and provide great support, however others are absent and do not provide the necessary support. ", " Loved working for the company,had a great team and gained relevant experience while working with industry experts. Managers communicate proactively without negatively impacting rather contributed reaching optimal growth of the employees. ", " Working at Microsoft has been amazing. The culture is in everything that we do. You really do end up loving the company once you join the team.   In a retail environment I have seen several pears grow and get promoted to management positions and corporate positions. ", " This is a company that really cares about it's employees and does its best to be sure they are happy.  I have grown and learned a lot working here than any other company. ", " Fun and great place to learn, challenging and a good pay rate. hard work and very busy.lots to do and lots to learn, great coworkers ", " Working for Microsoft was kind of like joining a cult. Everyone was happy, everyone loved their job and took pride in what they did. I loved being there. The management was well placed (usually), and if there were issues or complaints from anyone in the store, upper management would step in and assess. The hardest part of the job was Microsoft's very stringent standards that had to be adhered to at all times. The most enjoyable was being encouraged to play Rock Band, Halo, or Just Dance with customers. ", " Good work life balance. Not a lot of pressure. They are trying very hard to reinvent themselves. There is a strong push for open source which is great to see. ", " I gave one star as the values shown are in reality not follow by the company. Management is bias and goes by rumors to judge employee.  The system employee evaluation encourages rivalry among fellow coworkers,on the outside everybody seems nice but when it comes evaluation time, they will destroy you if see you are a good potential for a raise.  They stressed the importance of work life balance but that's another fantasy.  You will not look good if you don't keep up with emails during your days off or even vacation. You will also look bad if you stay in the same position for about 3-4yrs they said you need to look higher level even if you do a good job .No job security you can be fired anytime if you are a good employee or not with without reason. ", " Pays well, this is a very cut throat atmosphere. I only recommend if you have a very tough skin, if you enjoy travelling and not seeing your family for long lengths of time  and expect to give 12 - 14 hours a day this is the company for you ", " I support Microsoft with my current roll. I engage with the MSIT on a biweekly basis. Quarterly Business Reviews are other times when I meet with MSFT management. ", " Most of the time while I was at Microsoft I was attending training as well as writing Microsoft exams for accreditation. I was under a role called services where I was working with client ranging from Small, Medium and large companies to establish and understand their business needs. Devising and delivering appropriate Microsoft Office 365 technical solutions to meet client and Business requirements. Planning Business processes and deploying users to Office 365. Consulting for clients , providing liaison, ongoing communication, managing client expectations and dealing with client issues. ", " Great experience working in High Tech. Constantly improving how work gets done, finding ways to be more efficient.  worked 18 years Full time and 3 years as a contractor for MSFT "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Very casual work environment, free drinks and snacks etc. Lovely campus, and discount on lunch. Employees however have to watch their backs every now and then ", " It is a good place to work as a newly graduated engineer. Must be willing to do as you are told and independent thinking is frowned on.  The work environment was nice, everything is located on campus so there is little need to leave work once you get there.  Learned a lot about what to expect with quality software products and how the importance of a good marketing team to the success of a product.  The co-workers were mostly friendly, but there is a strong sense of \"ME\" with others not willing to help since it will impact their performance ratings in the stack-rank evaluation system.  For an experienced engineer, there are better employment opportunities available that will provide employment security and job satisfaction. ", " With the global supply chain, Microsoft gave me a platform to flex my concepts and develop as there is always something new to learn. ", " Microsoft is a company where you learn something new everyday and are expected to bring back ideas out-of-the-box. There is no routine or doing the same thing day after day. The best professionals I've worked with I found them here. ", " It is good and productive, it is most enjoyable working environment. My co-workers are nice and helpful, we have many things to learn over here to upgrade myself technically. ", " Typical day involved extensive diary management for both the Sales Director and Marketing Lead.  Booking flights/hotels and transfers. Arranging team meetings booking local resource rooms/catering as and when required.  Organising Sales team offsite co-ordinating the logistics with our external venue provider. Entering and checking team expenses. ", " Fun environment open to change. Complete daily reports for two lines of business. Team customer retention behaviors to Global escalation agents. Relay daily stats as a part of the leadership team to agents and upper management. Information share and strategy comparison with other lines of business. I truly enjoy watching the transformation agents experience when they realize the training is working, it's an awesome feeling! ", " Good work life balance at Microsoft like nowhere else. Great team and very knowledgeable in the latest technologies.  Flexible hours. Very friendly managers. ", " Microsoft is a good company to work for with full time benefits, paid time off and holidays, as well as a professional work environment with semi-casual clothing policy. The work has always been steady and no one has been let go due to downsizing, although there is no room to move up, you can only move sideways into different departments. Managers are hired from outside of the company. ", " With my 5 years plus with Microsoft, I have facilitated, trained, and created curriculums for different facets of the business- Technical support, customer service, business management, people development, and field training. When I was hired with Microsoft, there was so much ambiguity with the training for those different facets. I helped build a culture and foundation for not only current associates but future associates as well. It was all about adapting as we grew. ", " Great company with lots of diversity and opportunity. Leadership is frequently contradictory requesting new employees inject new modalities in play but then slap employee on hand when antiquated practices are not kept up. ", " The company can at times be unprofessional as far as providing information to it's employees.The short notice of programs closing leaves us unprepared for our next steps. ", " Do you love technology, want to stay in the Seattle area, and be able to have work life balance to raise a family? Then Microsoft is most likely going to be a good fit. If you get on a good team (and there are bad ones) you will find an amazing group of highly intelligent co-workers and all the perks of a Fortune 500 company.   It might not always be exciting work, but it is fairly stable and they have some of the best benefits around. A solid choice of employment. ", " In the one month long internship, I was in charge of conceptualizing and developing a mock educational app using software provided by Microsoft that allows for the creation and publication of applications for the Windows 8 platform. The office environment was very friendly and inviting and a willingness to help was always at the ready. ", " Day at work - Always challenged Learned - Software Lifecycle Management, Consulting, Delivery Excellence, Project and Program Management ", " This company appreciates and values everyone's input and grows leaders at every level.  Project based outcomes allow individuals to collaborate and energize each other. ", " Great place to work and the job is rewarding. Free snacks and drinks in the break room and the culture is out of this world. ", " The world is changing. Microsoft is not.   Microsoft management and principles need a reshuffle; many parts of the organization will be defunct under the current state of the company and the speed of the market. ", " Interfaced with many groups in order to assess scope of work, interview vendors, manage budget, keep developers to schedule and publish final content.  As in many cases, the FTE that is responsible for the outcome, guides the vendor in the direction they want the work to take, but the vendor drives all the moving parts to fruition.  I enjoy driving a project with many moving parts and discovering new processes and new applications that can be used to create what is typically a world-class outcome. ", " If you are putting the hours for only 1 job the pay and benefits are good. However, if you are putting in enough hours for 2 full time jobs then the pay stinks. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " This company appreciates and values everyone's input and grows leaders at every level.  Project based outcomes allow individuals to collaborate and energize each other. ", " I enjoyed working with XBox SLS team. The team had a very dynamic and energetic group of people. I had the opportunity to learn new technology, extend my ability and improve my software engineering skill. ", " Always challenging work and self-directed, the management doesn't micromanage. You are continually learning and growing. Lots of opportunity to move around within the company if you are Redmond-based. ", " good place to work ... management is good and location is prime - i enjoy working here - growth is there but only for full time employees ", " Absolute pleasure working for Microsoft. Amazing support, incredible people and coworkers. Learned so much from my time there. ", "  \tAssist customers with account management  \tServiced and maintained billing accounts  \tAssist customers with any hardware issues  \tCommunicate with team members and supervisors daily  \tCommunicate with customers effectively in heavy traffic call center environment ", " Great company with lots of diversity and opportunity. Leadership is frequently contradictory requesting new employees inject new modalities in play but then slap employee on hand when antiquated practices are not kept up. ", " Great people to work with.  Your experience will vary depending on your direct manager.  Some are great some aren't.  Same as any where else in that regard. ", " During my 13 month internship at Microsoft there wasn't a day where I didn't want to go into the office.  Although I worked in a support role, the job was extremely varied and no two days were the same.  The flexible work culture was a breath of fresh air and being able to manage my own schedule without being micromanaged was extremely liberating.  The opportunities, even for an intern, were extensive and I was fortunate enough to spread my wings and get involved in other parts of the business with colleagues. ", " Good place to work.  Always have a day planned and organized well. Respond to issues quickly.  Have smart people work with and learn from.  Flexible work hours.  Big and powerful support team. ", " Make sure that you Balance your Work with Family Time, Its a Good working environment in Microsoft. It provides Opportunity and scope for growing ", " If you are putting the hours for only 1 job the pay and benefits are good. However, if you are putting in enough hours for 2 full time jobs then the pay stinks. ", " That was the great management and Great place ever. i did work on contract base and more clearly with third party. Microsoft also gives you a chance to invent more things. so that's why it was a 6 months contract base job in which we learned code &amp; many more. So, that was the just fantastic. ", " Great culture. Great learning environment. Quality people. Fast paced and surrounded by the latest in technology. Great communication tools at the office. ", " Microsoft really encompasses a diverse environment where you have opportunities to work with people around the world, doing things you didn't even know to be possible or exist.    If you are looking for a company that has something to offer no matter what combination of talents and personality you have, then this is the company for you.  This place pretty much has it all!  Key qualities that will get you far; Self starter, disciplined, enthusiastic, team player.  Getting on a team with GOOD management is key - really focus on that when considering a role here.  Honestly, you can have a great career for years, and it can all end with an organization change (which happens a lot here) that brings new management and if that management is poor - it's going to hurt you, guaranteed.  So ask a lot of questions about that before you agree to anything.  This one thing can seriously make or break your career here.  Be prepared to work with some of the smartest people on this earth, who happen to also be pretty cool. ", " Microsoft Global Security is a wonderful group to be affiliated with.  I have learned many aspects of my job and have been able to work among great friends and colleagues.  It provides home/work life balance and job security.  The culture is the best and I am very fortunate to be able to be a part of the experience. ", " In 13 years, I worked for two flagship business groups and one emerging business at MS. For the most part, the people are excellent -- smart, collaborative, supportive, etc., but there are some -- depending on the group -- who operate using Machiavellian tactics to ensure they protect their empires. Identify them early and avoid them, and time at MS can be extremely satisfying for individuals who love to work with smart, capable people; can work effectively independently and as a part of a v-team; and love to be challenged to do their best. ", " Microsoft is a company where you learn something new everyday and are expected to bring back ideas out-of-the-box. There is no routine or doing the same thing day after day. The best professionals I've worked with I found them here. ", " The friendly environment certainly encourage productivity and creativity in us. Hardest part of the job is the short breaks and sometimes we had to work in weekends. Most enjoyable part were the friendly co-workers and open desk policy which helped in fair judgment. ", " Good place. that's all I have about Microsoft. I hade different contracts with different groups. each has it's own culture and system. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", "  \tActively involved with the front end .net developers as a part of a team for gathering and analyzing the needs of User Requirement.  \tModified existing database to fit new business requirement by adding tables and relationships to support Customer Information System ", " Free and frank work environment. Lot of work but no stress. Nice place to work with good work/life balance. Decent benefits. Management is ok. Not the best place for folks starting their careers. ", " An exciting place to work that is changing constantly and innovating. Going through a cultural change for the positive. Opportunity to learn and grow and work in different parts of the company. Very diverse and multi-national workforce. ", " I support Microsoft with my current roll. I engage with the MSIT on a biweekly basis. Quarterly Business Reviews are other times when I meet with MSFT management. ", " Learned a lot of the internal tools and software typical work day was always a fire drill and kept you on your toes fun co-workers hardest part is leaving behind co-workers and friends after almost 7 years ", " As an intern, I was given the freedom to work on my thesis and explore various topics. This greatly benefited the learning process. ", " working hours was from 9 to 6 finding family environment with colleagues  challenges fought in meeting target was the most enjoyable part of the job ", " Microsoft is a great company, I was inspired by the CEO. They are putting concerted effort into making technologies that help people work and play from anywhere, any device. ", " Every working day is a cycle. I open up my PC, I setup my tools, preparing my Excel file to be reported at the end of the day talking to clients. I love working with such optimist people, this is why I lasted long in this industry, it's because of the people. It was a fun job that I can't realize that I am tired, well I can say that it was the most fun yet the most tough part of my job. ", " -Technology sales (retail) -Learned better sales techniques and how the relationship brings a better return in the future -higher starting base pay, non-commission, no pressure sales -Most enjoyable part of the day is working with the team! ", " I enjoyed going into work everyday.  Everyone for the most part was easy to get along with.  I keep in contact with many of my co-workers. I was on contract for a year. I believe that's the only down side it. Once my contract was over they removed me and got someone else. Even though I worked hard for my team. ", " Always challenging work and self-directed, the management doesn't micromanage. You are continually learning and growing. Lots of opportunity to move around within the company if you are Redmond-based. ", " This is a company that really cares about it's employees and does its best to be sure they are happy.  I have grown and learned a lot working here than any other company. ", " The area I was in was very intense. We were put in a situation where the system was down and little training on work environment ", " Microsoft is a great place to work if you have the drive to achieve your best. With a great benefits package and the availability of monetary and stock rewards for good performance, it will satisfy almost all new college graduates who have a yearning for success. ", " As a video game tester for Experis, you could not ask for a more fun job. Bring your nerf guns, potluck dishes, and be prepared for lengthy discussions on the current state of the Marvel universe. The job itself looks easy from the outside but is challenging to do well, and that said, you will work for many many hours for months at a time, sacrificing your social life or sleep - you pick.  It's a great job and I learned a lot about software development and test methodology, and if I could, I would do it again. This job is a great introduction into the world of Software QA, if that is your passion, and I encourage anyone to apply for this job that you won't forget. ", " A day at Microsoft is usually remaining busy. Consulting with customers. Creating a excellent relationships with customers. Reviewing the store numbers as a whole and focusing on what you can do to help the store boost revenue from day to day. My co-workers are people who like to help others and making the work environment fun. ", " - Great place to work depending on the group or organization - Very competitive culture. - Fast paced environment - Flexibility to work in different areas &amp; build up a career across the company - Multicultural teams ", " The high you get once you have executed your project to Go Live and the customer is super excited.  You look at your team and you say, now all the long hours and hard work has really paid off.  And your team and the customers team go out afterwards and celebrate.  This is one of my favorite parts of my job. ", " Microsoft services operates very sporadically, a lot of remote and little in person face-to-face time outside of client "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " love the fact that... no two days are the same.. typical day starts off with joining my colleagues at our desks and us taking a moment to see who has the biggest \"brown paper\" bag moment.   Between budgets, agencies, business groups and the brand.. we have become juggling ninja kings while still delivering on the bottom line.   Iv learnt so much, from delivering a ROI, to lead generation, automatic marketing engines and how different global marketing systems work, to local product launches, social campaigns and managing stakeholders... each day is a new challenge. ", " - Great place to work depending on the group or organization - Very competitive culture. - Fast paced environment - Flexibility to work in different areas &amp; build up a career across the company - Multicultural teams ", " The Trainer i was with was very agitated with me most of the time. The group i worked with swore to much, also very rude. I was warned  my first day from the manager that this group is not always so nice. There was not much chance with that group to stay if they decided they did not like you. I liked what i did, some of the people there were so nice too.  I did find out they started people with a higher pay rate then myself with less experience then i had. ", " Great people and culture. It's an exciting and stimulating atmosphere. One day you can teach coding to kids and another day volunteering and playing Kickball against rival companies. ", " Fun job selling computers to people from all over the world. Great managers along with even better co workers made it an overall great experience ", " This company is going down hill very fast. Managers punish you and don't keep promises. Not a real sales environment and not a good place for gaining sales experience. ", " * Exciting and innovative projects to work on. * Bright teams to collaborate with. * Challenging projects and deadlines * Excellent place and people to learn from * Work life is a constant struggle. * Must be prepared to get more work done \"smartly\" with less resources/time. * Development tools and employee resources are top notch! ", " Working for Microsoft as an outsource partner was a great experience. We experienced some of the perks of being associated with Microsoft - free drinks and snacks. The work environment was great, with great people. ", " An exciting place to work that is changing constantly and innovating. Going through a cultural change for the positive. Opportunity to learn and grow and work in different parts of the company. Very diverse and multi-national workforce. ", " The work is easy and fun but there's no training and absolutely no career path, and the pay and benefits are as low as possible.  There's a lot of turnover, as you have to be perfect to have your contract renewed.  You'll make many friends, but then see them of them simply disappear one day.  It's grueling, but if you make it through you'll have some good Q.A. skills that will allow you to move up and out to another company. ", " Great company, learnt a lot during my time there as Program Manager and other roles such as Operations Manager and Team manager ", " Great culture and they really care about their employees.Work life balance is really important and an area which top management really priorities. ", " Best company to work for, and with some of the most intelligent people out there.  Paid very very well and job/work was very rewarding. ", " Engage customers, provide world customer service , hold events learn how to do software repair on a pc ,how to give training on microsoft office aswell as windows operating system. management is great when they are not micro managing great teamwork environment i have to say the hardest part of job has to be  the long hours when there is no business but then we have xbox's to play with during down time and tablets and pcs for gaming ", " I joined Microsoft before I graduated. I learned a lot from the company, which has given me lots of help in my career. They had many training and courses for employees, which we could choose the topic we were interested in and build up ourselves in the direction we wanted. The job was full of challenges. I needed to communicated with my bosses, the tele-sales, business partners, and customers. I also held the monthly meetings for our partners and customers. I really thank Microsoft for teaching me lots of useful skills and habits in my career. ", " In the one month long internship, I was in charge of conceptualizing and developing a mock educational app using software provided by Microsoft that allows for the creation and publication of applications for the Windows 8 platform. The office environment was very friendly and inviting and a willingness to help was always at the ready. ", " It is a good place to work as a newly graduated engineer. Must be willing to do as you are told and independent thinking is frowned on.  The work environment was nice, everything is located on campus so there is little need to leave work once you get there.  Learned a lot about what to expect with quality software products and how the importance of a good marketing team to the success of a product.  The co-workers were mostly friendly, but there is a strong sense of \"ME\" with others not willing to help since it will impact their performance ratings in the stack-rank evaluation system.  For an experienced engineer, there are better employment opportunities available that will provide employment security and job satisfaction. ", " Good environment to work in, You get to work with incredibly smart people on software that will be used by millions of user around the world. ", " great place for anybody who loves technology loves office and loves Microsoft products. The hardest part is learning about all the products after that its cake walk. ", " I was lucky enough to be involved with Microsoft through vendor roles. Although the company was notorious for treating vendors poorly, I was placed with sensational teams who treated me equally. Even as a vendor there were multiple projects on my plate that I needed to perpetually juggle. But I don't view this as a con because it allowed me to learn a lot about myself, my limits and gain valuable experience. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Each day had a routine, and that routine made sense. Heavily team based. We were all trained on how to use Microsoft products, and then used those Microsoft products everyday at our jobs. Made that job and my future jobs a lot easier to do. :) There was 3 weeks of training in a hotel while the store was built. Tonnes of fun and really helped build a sense of community and commraderie amongst the retail staff. Paid decent wages for retail staff.  TONNES of benefits and perks. Free drinks and snacks and if there was ever an event, free food too.  Great initiative amongst the management teams to keep everyone motivated. No room for advancement beyong retail though.  The corporate offices are in Mississauga and I don't believe there was a channel to take from retail to corporate. ", " The work place is good. However the salary and the benefits is not. I just tried to wait for my other opportunities before i left this company. And of course to experience the data processing position. ", " The world is changing. Microsoft is not.   Microsoft management and principles need a reshuffle; many parts of the organization will be defunct under the current state of the company and the speed of the market. ", " Working at Microsoft was one of funnest jobs  I had. All of the teammates where friendly and easy to get along with. They are very fun people to work with and they make the day go smoothly.   The management are friendly and easy to get along with. They are always there for the team and help out when ever they can.   The most enjoyable part of the job is playing xbox with your peers. ", " Microsoft is a great place to work if you have the drive to achieve your best. With a great benefits package and the availability of monetary and stock rewards for good performance, it will satisfy almost all new college graduates who have a yearning for success. ", " Excellent working culture with other fellow employees.  Work life balance is carefully reviewed and encouraged.  Company philosophy and trends moving forward to transform technology and increase productivity. ", " I like the dynamic work environment in Microsoft Online, and staffs there are very nice and helpful. I think I improve quite a lot in both my working competency and communication skills ", " Microsoft is a great company, I was inspired by the CEO. They are putting concerted effort into making technologies that help people work and play from anywhere, any device. ", " Slalom/Two Degrees is a consulting company and the recruiters here are great! They really care about you and your career. They check in with you on a regular basis to make sure that all of your needs are being supported. Also the work-issued hardware/software is ready to use right away. I was able to join the domain on my first day of assignment. ", " You work hard, they treat you with respect, Not just a number. I was treated as a person,  the environment was open and friendly. Learned everyday. It was like going to school. I love learning. ", " i usually go to work in 5days a week and i learned how to installed operating system in computers.I am very comfortable enough the management system of the company and also my collegues and we worked as a team.the hardest part that i did in my company before is that installing and troubleshooting the software and it makes me more challenged in my part because i did my best solution for that problem matter.By that time i see my customers that they are more happy because thier unit are already working after fixing the software problems.. ", " At work we take calls, making sure customers are satisfied and getting the resources that are needed. We notate and send various emails and reports to executives. We are a team and we do have fun, but we work hard. The hardest part of the day would have to be making sure that SLA's are being met, seeing that it does not just depend on us if they are met or not. I love the fact that we all work good together, and we hire within the company which makes it easier to move up. ", " Managing existing account and develop new accounts to drive revenue.  Have had strong double digit year over year growth for the last three years. ", " Best place I've ever worked for, hope to go full time in the future. Very co-ordinated business structure! Happy to work for them any time in the future! ", " Working at Microsoft as a contractor and vendor for the past few years, managers have treated me as if I were a full-time employee. If there were events, however, we were not permitted. ", " nothing but positive things i never love a job more than this where i learn so much things from so many people for always  be grateful for the experience ", " good company to be associated with good global working exposure collaborative way of working process driven, tools driven qualified experienced peers ", " everyday scope for improvements process driven challenges due to org changes lot of exposure to various tools customer feedback driven ", " Day would start off by checking email and then going to retailers to talk about their business. Worked with retailers to build a strong business and help them in any way they needed. Worked with Microsoft in Redmond, WA with issues with retailers brought solution to the table. ", " I was only a contractor and wanted to work permanently but there was nothing available. From what I experience, it was great with a ton of benefits especially during the holidays. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Great peers, great team work and highly motivated persons. you need to move a lot across the city and that is the tough part of the job. ", " A tipical day at work was to have a meeting with the manager in order to review pending task, I learned to live in other country, mu coworkers was a very nice people, in a few works Microsoft is a very nice place to work. ", " While I understand as a contractor the rules at Microsoft, I did not like how I was left out of key org change information (which was public, but not communicated to the contractors) and overall left out of launch celebrations.  Never felt part of a team. ", " Very friendly managers and co workers. They treat interns as full time employees and are given tons of responsibility.  Work life balance is very good. ", " Typical day involved extensive diary management for both the Sales Director and Marketing Lead.  Booking flights/hotels and transfers. Arranging team meetings booking local resource rooms/catering as and when required.  Organising Sales team offsite co-ordinating the logistics with our external venue provider. Entering and checking team expenses. ", " Microsoft is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Redmond, Washington, that develops, manufactures, licenses, supports and sells computer software, consumer electronics and personal computers and services. ", " My task at work are to do personal training on Office essentials, teach work shops. My co-workers are amazing as well as my management team. ", " Very friendly managers and co workers. They treat interns as full time employees and are given tons of responsibility.  Work life balance is very good. ", " Fun amenities and atmosphere with free beverages, X-Box access, and pool tables.  Knowledgeable management team. Cutting edge product.  Friendly and welcoming staff. ", " A Monday through Friday work schedule environment, that comprises meeting goals and targets set for each projects. Despite the busy schedules, team building, games and refresher courses contribute to maintain the family bond that has been established at EGS/Microsoft ", "  \tActively involved with the front end .net developers as a part of a team for gathering and analyzing the needs of User Requirement.  \tModified existing database to fit new business requirement by adding tables and relationships to support Customer Information System ", " The management team over SKYPE and Xbox (Live, Music, One) were very open to letting the PM run with the role resulting very high ratings and continuity. ", " I was expecting more from a great company. The upper management treats its contracting workers like slaved labor. Beware of the Las Colinas location ", " Fun environment open to change. Complete daily reports for two lines of business. Team customer retention behaviors to Global escalation agents. Relay daily stats as a part of the leadership team to agents and upper management. Information share and strategy comparison with other lines of business. I truly enjoy watching the transformation agents experience when they realize the training is working, it's an awesome feeling! ", " I enjoy working here, however, I am seeking a more challenging position. I am currently in a telesales position with Microsoft. This is a great company, however it quickly becomes very monotonous. ", " Required a daily review of tickets that included the deployment, installation and maintenance of over 50,000 servers in one of the world's largest data centers ", " Excellent company to work with in and there is also special care taken about the employer.  Challenge environment and also day to day task is being given to the company ", " With my 5 years plus with Microsoft, I have facilitated, trained, and created curriculums for different facets of the business- Technical support, customer service, business management, people development, and field training. When I was hired with Microsoft, there was so much ambiguity with the training for those different facets. I helped build a culture and foundation for not only current associates but future associates as well. It was all about adapting as we grew. ", " Microsoft is a good company to work for with full time benefits, paid time off and holidays, as well as a professional work environment with semi-casual clothing policy. The work has always been steady and no one has been let go due to downsizing, although there is no room to move up, you can only move sideways into different departments. Managers are hired from outside of the company. ", " My days at work was quit productive because I learnt a lot of skills for example selling skills, communication skills and product knowledge. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Military focus to become a smarter person, to gain independency and work as a group with peers and comrads.  Comrodity. Loyalty and achieve recognition. ", " Do you love technology, want to stay in the Seattle area, and be able to have work life balance to raise a family? Then Microsoft is most likely going to be a good fit. If you get on a good team (and there are bad ones) you will find an amazing group of highly intelligent co-workers and all the perks of a Fortune 500 company.   It might not always be exciting work, but it is fairly stable and they have some of the best benefits around. A solid choice of employment. ", " Great Company Great Culture Great Benefits Room For Advancement Great Place for students and tech kids Community Development Store Volunteer Options Off site events ", " My experience at Microsoft has been one of the best so far, and I have been blessed with a team and a boss that do know the meaning of team work and colleague respect. The only bad thing about working here is that finding a better place gets really tough. ", " New direction is positive. Cloud computing is growing and the current business model aligns to that. A lot of flexibility in daily schedule. Ability to run your own business ", " I usually start work around 8:30AM and finish around 5PM. The core business hours are between 10AM - 4PM where most of the meetings are scheduled. This makes work/life balance good. It is one of the best learning place and learned a lot from my job and co-workers. ", " I enjoyed going into work everyday.  Everyone for the most part was easy to get along with.  I keep in contact with many of my co-workers. I was on contract for a year. I believe that's the only down side it. Once my contract was over they removed me and got someone else. Even though I worked hard for my team. ", " I learned that communication between departments is very important and, not that you want to, you can spend half your day dealing with emails. ", " Co-workers and management are exceptional.  Work life balance is important to everyone there and management does everything possible to help with that. ", " A super place to work, really I cannot criticise other than there is a ceiling in terms of opportunity outside of the US but I have had 10 great years and continue to enjoy my job. ", " Confidence in handling telephone calls developed my communication skills co workers are friendly multitasking management has process in everything ", " all around best company and job ever!!it is a good job what more can i say had fun working made good money and had fun got to travel and see the country ", " Slow days are slow. Learned many skills from working there. The management team is always seeking and looking for advancement for you as an employee. ", " They many resources and encourages thinking outside the box. Great company to work for. I was given my own project, where I had to learn many things. But I always felt comfortable, no one was watching over my shoulder. I was able to thrive in this environment. ", " It was a amazing non-profit job to be apart of the past few years I was in the program even though I never had any contact with the people who ran it, it was my job to report bugs my message board and or email. ", " Interfaced with many groups in order to assess scope of work, interview vendors, manage budget, keep developers to schedule and publish final content.  As in many cases, the FTE that is responsible for the outcome, guides the vendor in the direction they want the work to take, but the vendor drives all the moving parts to fruition.  I enjoy driving a project with many moving parts and discovering new processes and new applications that can be used to create what is typically a world-class outcome. ", " Lot of learning and new challenges in the business transformation. Good support and encouragement from management and colleagues to face the challenges and overcome the situation. Multiple country mates working together mix of culture... ", " It is an amazing environment.Great management, Wonderful co-workers.The hardest part when you deal with VIP employees . The most enjoyable part of this job for me that  it is completely efferent from my background as Accountant. ", " -Technology sales (retail) -Learned better sales techniques and how the relationship brings a better return in the future -higher starting base pay, non-commission, no pressure sales -Most enjoyable part of the day is working with the team! ", " I learnt a lot from my job and manger and the team were great to work with. Working as a contractor has it's pros and cons. Cons was you could lost your job anytime without any notice in advance. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " After Microsoft purchased Nokia Phones business it was very interesting to gain access on all technology development at MS. But unfortunately it was not clear to all levels at MS organization what was intention with Nokia Phones purchase ", " Fun and great place to learn, challenging and a good pay rate. hard work and very busy.lots to do and lots to learn, great coworkers ", " I have learned Change Management at Micrsoft, going from a Leading Devices Company (Nokia) with more than 90% market share to a struggling Company in Devices around 2% market share. Change in terms of Customers and Channel management, Working with limited budgets, raise our fighting spirit and most importantly, ability to adapt to a totally new culture. ", " Serious work; can have a real effect on the world. Technical work is recognized. Good interaction with product groups. Little or no Dilebrt-style management. ", " Worked as a mechanical engineer on fun new products. In the Studios.  Not everyday do you get to work on a product with volumes of 20-40 million per year.  Cool. Great food options and facilities.  Benefits for full timers look solid. I like the CEO.  Would go back to work here.  Was contract.  Got paid for my overtime.  Full timers put in huge overtime - beware!! ", " The coworkers are the best and keep you wanting to come to work everyday. The environment is up beat and fast paced. Be prepared to work 50+ hours week. Not always a bad thing unless your going to school. The companies politics are a little out of hand but it is a huge company to say the least. The division was growing a little too fast for its own good and is falling apart. The strength that bound the quality of people together is no longer there and felt like a difference place completely. Great place to work for though and hopefully it comes back together soon. ", " I worked as a vendor here. It is a great place to learn new technologies and keep yourself at par with the market. Work culture is cool and flexible. ", " For the most part at Microsoft I work independently. Here I'm  exposed and learn many new things and have the privilege to work with brilliant individuals.   The most enjoyable part is the promotion of intellectual discourse and scientific approach to problem solving. ", " A typical day involved inventory management, product knowledge training, and employee development.  My day also involved customer service management including Answer Desk support for devices and software issues, product exchanged, and development of business leads for local schools, business and local government. ", " Great culture. Great learning environment. Quality people. Fast paced and surrounded by the latest in technology. Great communication tools at the office. ", " The leadership is very forward thinking and focused on driving the Cloud/Mobility story forward with cutting edge services. The company has great benefits and campuses. Had the opportunity to work with brilliant folks doing very good work.  All had a passion for Microsoft and Windows. ", " The great thing about Microsoft is the assembly of some really smart people with diverse experience and technical background. In addition the wide varieties of technical fields that Microsoft is invested into makes this a great place to work in when you are looking to gain wide range of expertise. That is essentially what attracted me to Microsoft and is the attribute that I took the opportunity to grow myself to become the technical leader &amp; project manager that I am.  Although management style can vary from team to team, cycle to cycle, product to product and of course person to person, in general I have been very particular about who I work for and I prefer managers who are hands-off from day to day work yet maintains a consistently regular oversight into the general direction of the product/service. With the exception of some regular project management and coordination tasks there rarely is a consistent pattern of the issues that arise specially in my current field of information security management. Although, the general slow operational pace of Microsoft can sometimes be frustrating the most enjoyable part is the volume and span of impact that each product/feature/change release can make. If someone is passionate about enterprise scale product/service, likes working on wide range technologies and is comfortable with slower pace of change release then Microsoft is a great company to work for. ", " Another exciting opportunity to support training for the global agents who support Microsoft's Partner Network. Best experience collaborating with project managers. ", " The Training we were initially given was dismal. We were pushed out on the floor and literally had to learn and fend for ourselves.   The Managers had never done our Job so we could never ask them for advice, they were only good at barking orders and putting pressure on us to work harder.   The Lady who was running the operation had no idea what she was doing, which did not help matters and was always putting the blame onto every one else to try and cover up her mistakes.   Over all the workers I worked with made the place which made my day enjoyable.  On a positive note I pushed myself and focused and learnt alot about Microsoft products, Office 365 in perticular. I improved my customer Service skills which is good knowledge to have for future Jobs. ", " A typical day was great, maybe take 5-10 calls.  I learned what it takes to serve ads in a competitive market of online advertising.   Coworkers were great. A lot very personable.   The hardest part of the job would be management, coming in as an agent and trying to develop on the support floor was rough when you had to answer question you didn't know the answer too at the moment. It was always a learning process. ", " It was a wonderful experience working at Microsoft. We have a good dedicated team who help each other in learning new things . We have a good environment, games during weekend , pot lucks and much more fun. We work as a family. ", " Microsoft is a very flexible workplace, with a relaxed working environment. An excellent place to work with plenty of perks. Despite being a large company, there is a great feeling of belonging due to the ways in which the teams are split out. I have gained an incredible level of knowledge in Software licensing since working here and enjoyed every moment. ", " Monthly reporting and creating purchase orders has been a large part of the time I have spent at Microsoft. Variance analysis and creating  PowerPoint slides and pivot tables also was required. ", " A day at work consisted of a lot of break fix issues.  I repaired all of them time and again.   I learned a great deal from co workers and colleagues. I learned little from management.   Middle and upper management was not good.  No leadership skills what so ever.   Co workers where great.  They always made up for the lack of leadership.   The hardest part of the job was the back stabbing politics brought on by middle and upper management.  The most enjoyable part was the ability to work well with co workers. ", " all around best company and job ever!!it is a good job what more can i say had fun working made good money and had fun got to travel and see the country "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " I joined Microsoft before I graduated. I learned a lot from the company, which has given me lots of help in my career. They had many training and courses for employees, which we could choose the topic we were interested in and build up ourselves in the direction we wanted. The job was full of challenges. I needed to communicated with my bosses, the tele-sales, business partners, and customers. I also held the monthly meetings for our partners and customers. I really thank Microsoft for teaching me lots of useful skills and habits in my career. ", " Everyone I worked with was great and the training was super easy to understand and get through. Management was understanding and would help you if you weren't sure on something. ", " Microsoft was an amazing experience minus the one bad manger experience that I had. Great co-workers, benefits, and overall company culture. ", " Enjoy working with customers and everything there is to learn from day to day working at the Microsoft store.  Every day is team work, always working together to ensure the best possible experience for every customer that comes through the door. ", " As a Consumer Product Advisor you are talking to customers to determine what products or services will fit their individual needs. You are also responsible for educating customers on devices and software. ", " probably management has the biggest hit here with the stupid ranking system which they STILL do.. don't be fooled.. Peers are mostly awesome... ", " Microsoft was a blast to work for.  They have great benefits and the culture is great to.  Fast paced work environment where we worked hard, but we also got to step back and take a break and play hard as well. ", " Exciting company to work for. Enjoy the environment I work in. Great Benefits. Great Co-workers. Good work-life balance. ", " Great and fun work environment. Schedule flexibility is also great. It was an excellent experience to work with groups of different ethnic and background experience. ", " It is a good place to work as a newly graduated engineer. Must be willing to do as you are told and independent thinking is frowned on.  The work environment was nice, everything is located on campus so there is little need to leave work once you get there.  Learned a lot about what to expect with quality software products and how the importance of a good marketing team to the success of a product.  The co-workers were mostly friendly, but there is a strong sense of \"ME\" with others not willing to help since it will impact their performance ratings in the stack-rank evaluation system.  For an experienced engineer, there are better employment opportunities available that will provide employment security and job satisfaction. ", " I was a contract illustrator drawing for the Encarta Encyclopedia project. I learned a lot technical/natural information because we were illustrating medical, transportation, mapping, natural information on a wide variety of subjects. Quite interesting. By the time the illustration was done I KNEW the information. ", " Very professional environment, and generous with compensation via company merchandise, which is great for young gamers that want to put their two cents on upcoming Microsoft projects and get paid with programs and console games. ", " very good atmosphere, coworker and satisfactory job., overall satisfaction with my manager in terms of 1:1 , related to job queries ,scrum meetings and quite comfortable  with the opinions for the individuals ", " It's great to be working with many smart people come from many countries ( India, China, Finland...). I have access to many active work environment. can grow and learn many skills ", " Love the company. They care about their people - they are about the people and are flexible towards your needs. They also invest in the people. ", " 1) A typical day at work: Productivities: OTD, Out put, Quality, Scrap 2) What you learned: Execute all activities: Manpower, assembly method, defect, quality\u2026.to achieve all KPIs 3) Management:  - Man power management - Management line production assembly Phone - Store &amp; material control management - Make weekly KPIs &amp; get actions to improve KPIs ", " Innovative, leading technology, best business plans and go to market strategies with best talents, employee satisfaction and loyalty, good salary and benefits ", " A typical day will be receiving, firming and scheduling orders . Have learned a lot through all these years , a lot of trainings. An excellent environment with my co- workers. I think everything we all are capable  managing as a team with good results. The most enjoyable part is my office, cafeteria, customers , co-workers, benefits, internet caf\u00e9, etc etc... ", " Great place to work.  Super smart people.  Management needs to help in career growth. ", " Very good and healthy working environment Can work freely without any restrictions Lots of Refreshment available to pick from. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Ok to work. Not sufficient transition to ramp up on new programs.No work life balance for vendors.]Vendor culture needs improvements.Zero job security . Mgmt is nto so great ", " I like the environment...I like the people I worked with. I liked the job that I did and the pay was appropriate. Benefits and perks were great. What I didn't like was the corporate political games....it was \"what\" you knew...it was always \"who\" you knew. If you are ok with stealing peoples ideas and selling it as your own, or throwing people under the bus to advance yourself, then Microsoft is the place for you....not me! ", " Very friendly environment to work.  Managers and all employees are supportive. Allowed to work flexible without restrictions. ", " Microsoft really cares about their employees and really takes care of them. Microsoft management is awesome and very professional, and was one of the best company's I've ever worked for. ", " My typical day is spent creating multiple tactical plans that help support product adoption. I've learned a great deal about how to manage various marketing projects with limited tools and resources, while sharpening my time management skills. The employees across Microsoft are very smart and are part of a culture that is focused on driving product metrics. ", " The most ineffective company to that I have ever seen. Unbelievable politics and inefficiencies.  From the outside looking in, one would never imagine how lacking process and procedure exist here. ", " I've worked here for a long time and it's changed from a company with a small company attitude, being fun and creative. No longer agile, exciting company to work for. Became the IBM they originally were fighting against. ", " Microsoft Ireland is the ideal work environment. Not only will you grow in your career with excellent training opportunities but as a person you experience growth through respect and involvement in projects that affect and influence our world. Microsoft allowed me to grow as a person through involvement in various charities and fundraising for special causes. As a global organisation Microsoft staff are a diverse community so interaction with your colleagues is both enjoyable and rewarding. It is a fast paced ever changing business environment and I was allowed to participate and lead whenever needed and I thoroughly enjoyed the challenge. ", " Good exposure to Agile Scaled Framework process, stake holder management, communication management, program management, cross functional team management, user acceptance testing management, product release management, deployment management.    Very good place to learn. ", " During the early days we had fun, internal and external competition and healthy environment.  After MS bought us out we had to grow up :-)  What a ride; A campus like atmosphere Great peers Work hard played hard  Simply the best ", " A typical day in my department involves managing my projects. This often means finding new ways to maximise engagement for the user and drive digital sales though editorial promotions.   My line manager has a great deal of editorial knowledge and has handed a lot of that down to me. It has also developed me as a project manager.  The hardest part of the job is juggling multiple projects with strict timelines. Particularly when often stakeholders are based in different time zone. Just because it's hard doesn't mean it's not enjoyable. ", " Every day you were trusted to manage your own schedule based on your workload. This provided people the opportunity to learn about leading your own business unit which was approximately 350 employees. Management trusted that you were doing a good job and were there in case of escalations or other support. One time when I had too much on my plate I let my manager know so that could have a proactive notification of where any escalations and/or complaints may come from in the client groups. When a complaint did arise from lack of bandwidth my manager stood behind me. My team was built of knowledgeable HR professionals that existed like a family always there to support each other.  The hardest part of the job was the passion that we all felt towards the company mission. This lead to a self imposed lack of work life balance.  The most enjoyable part of the job were the people that you worked with. They were intelligent, friendly and honest about where things stood with their work. ", " Unfortunately had to use Windows 8 and access to Linux servers was somewhat difficult.  Cafeteria is great and people are pleasant. ", " Typical days at work involved a multitude of hours of either standing around or rushing around. If corporate management focused on anything, it was politics and \"chain of command\" rather than rewarding hard-workers or taking time to solve real strategic problems. Ambition &amp; drive is punished, whereas mediocrity &amp; general malaise is rewarded and encouraged. If you are someone who prefers to do nothing at their job and simply take direction without an urge for self-starting, working at Microsoft is for you. ", " If you love tech, this is a great place. Your experiences will range from enterprise to consumer, all sorts of devices.... PCs, phones, tablets to XBOX.  Mobile &amp; Cloud is a great direction for Microsoft. ", " My first call center account. I've only been and agent for 3 months and got promoted as a reports analyst and then realtime analyst. Promotion is easy with MS XBOX if you are a hardworking person. my co workers are easy to deal with. support is always there when you need it. hardest part of the job is when volume is at its peak you never get to talk to the person beside you due to the queue. But there are time that we get to play XBOX and this is what I miss the most. ", " Learned a lot of the internal tools and software typical work day was always a fire drill and kept you on your toes fun co-workers hardest part is leaving behind co-workers and friends after almost 7 years ", " Microsoft is full of opportunity.   The company is one of the most cutting edge companies in the world.  They understand business and home users and deliver unique experiences for both.    The co-workers at Microsoft are some of the smart people you will find in the tech industry. ", " Design, development, unit testing, and debugging of the Web applications.Team player with excellent technical, interpersonal and communication skills.Capable of quickly learning and delivering solutions as an individual and as part of a team. ", " Productive and fun place with supportive management. Not all about numbers but how you personally grow and develop. Decent amount of red tape and politics, but this is expected of a big multinational company. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " A great place to work if 65+ hours per week are what you are willing to provide.  The benefits help outweigh the impact to work life balance. ", " Microsoft will made from any employee inside it , productive person and has responsible an down his business also the company will give a chance to the employee to share his opinion  and feedback . ", " Great company with very flexible working status and a great atmosphere to be under although stressful but it is emotional. It is a challenging company given it is fast paced and the group I worked with is mostly in Latin America therefore at times the coordination can be a little difficult to manage but it is fun. The company knows how to work hard and play hard as well. Given that during the hectic days they offer Savory Bites, Message, Bring Your Kids to Work Day and plenty of charity events in order to help the community. ", " You will work all holidays, and even in a community outreach / education role, you will work as floor coverage with little to no knowledge of the products. ", " Microsoft Consulting is a very immature organization. Consulting Management attempt to mimic big 4 and other larger technology consulting organization.  Too much focus on process and not enough on customer and product. ", " I received training to allow me to learn and progress in my job with my colleagues.  There is nothing hard once you have learned and observed the requirements for the job to do the job successfully. ", " After Microsoft purchased Nokia Phones business it was very interesting to gain access on all technology development at MS. But unfortunately it was not clear to all levels at MS organization what was intention with Nokia Phones purchase ", " Most amazing place that I have ever worked. I never realized how much they care about the community and about the lives of their employees. ", " The company is moving aggressively in the software and cloud segment.  The working environment is great and flexible in terms of work hours and location. ", " i didnt work everyday as a game tester, only once a few month, but the experience are very pleasing and i enjoy the games. some games are still early in the production so kinda confusing ", " Everyday was something new, deadlines with the materials as well as the customers. Always a welcomed chalenge. loved my co-workers as we all were working on createing a new product for Microsoft. ", " Co-workers and management are always supportive. The workplace environment contributed well to achieve the workload and sufficient enough for the job. Skills will be be developed well and the company will help you achieve it. ", " Culture Quality Productivity  These are the important rules we follow Everyday.  Best team mates anyone could ever ask for. ", " Daily work hours were flexible, but there were quite often conference calls at all hours of the night (e.g. 2-3am) to suit US time zone. Working from home is possible if it fits with the team. Management varies depending on the department. Some great, some not. Immediate co-workers and team members were great. Wider Microsoft teams were very closed off, non-supportive, and non-communicative. Hardest part of the job was feeling like we always had to do more with less in a shorter timeframe, and compromise on features of the product. Most enjoyable part of the job was the people in the immediate team who were always friendly and supportive. ", " Good place to work. challenging projects with deadlines that can be pressuring but working hard will pay off.  Smart people around you makes learning and growth easy. ", " I really enjoyed working for microsoft and learnt alot about sales and selling. However as it was a representative job, I would be on my own in a store and I would like to work more as part of a team. ", " Overall a very rewarding and enjoyable experience working for an extremely well know and respected company. Great work/life balance, exciting range of benefits and career progression opportunities. ", " Production of pre-cast concrete. I was mentored to learn the entire process for Pre-Cast, Management was amazing in the ability to mentor new and unskilled employees, Co-workers all team players. The hardest part was accumulation to clement. The overall experience as an employee was very rewarding. ", " Main job required to listen attentively to assist and fullfil presales and software information before purchase an agreement or deployment of the system in the envornment of the commerce. The hardest part of the job  was the overall quality of the call in regards of the signal received and static with some customers. Earn a very complete knowledge as licensing, software requirements, and technical information on servers and on the cloud. ", " Fun work place with supportive management A great company that allows one to learn, grow, and think creatively Challenging, but also fun work "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Its a great place to work!  I just wish there was room for growth, the people are great to work with. Positive vibes could be used more in the workplace . ", " Good work place with many talent people. Learned a lot new technologies. Had chance to use many different technologies. ", " My experience at Microsoft is interesting. The program I work on is new so I had to deal with a bit more ambiguity than your average Program Manager. They tell you that working here is like drinking from a fire hose, I can attest that that is a true statement. I was challenged daily and learned very quickly that if I didn't know the answer, I better figure out a way to find it. I'm thankful for the opportunity and would recommend Microsoft to anyone who doesn't mind being challenged. ", " You have to meet upright manager and leadership.  If you love tech, this is a great place from enterprise to consumer - from PCs to phones to Xboxes - from datacenter to desktop. ", " Good company to work for overall, but not in the Online space.  In some geographies the challenge of rolling out a product for monetization proved to be insurmountable. ", " Spent a good portion of my career at MS and am quite happy with the time and development of my background and career there. ", " Productive and fun place with supportive management. Not all about numbers but how you personally grow and develop. Decent amount of red tape and politics, but this is expected of a big multinational company. ", " Wyndham management is very down to earth and honest. If you have problems or need support; they are always available to assist. ", " A professional environment where everyone interacts with each other at a human level. Folks are interested in getting the work done. ", " Microsoft was an awesome place to work.  The culture is very laid back however, its a very large workload.  I would work here again if the opportunity presented itself. ", " Great opportunity to be entrepreneurial.  Pleasure to work with smart, knowledgable people.  A lot of red tape, corporate wheels turn oh so slowly. ", " It was my first real job, I have learned a lot. I liked the team and we got along very well. I only didn't like to stay all day attached to the computer. ", " Responsible for the coordination, management and control of pre-group presenters as well as the transfer of both technical expertise and business, to generate new business opportunities using technology. Responsible for carrying out consultancies and licensing pilots both as acquisition, modernization platform desktop and server, thus expanding the new commercial vision of the company and the brand. Responsible for training the distribution channel, businesses and end users on how to benefit from the use of the new era in Microsoft technology. ", " Responsible for the coordination, management and control of pre-group presenters as well as the transfer of both technical expertise and business, to generate new business opportunities using technology. ", " Awesome - Don't have anything to say about this job. I don't want to talk about this job. Contract work is sometimes hard to deal with. Especially, not knowing when you will be let go or kept in the fire. ", " Work closely with the HR Director and his team to schedule all the meetings during the MYR (Mid-Year Review). Work with outside facilitators to prepare confidential meetings, secure the time in CVP and higher levels, and organize the follow up meetings with the HR Director. In charge of the agenda for the monthly HR LT Meetings. Manage various projects as needed. Create and update the SMS&amp;P team organizational charts. Maintain the HR Director busy calendar, as well as the ROB on the team SharePoint.  Manage project needed ", " As a giant in the industry, Microsoft is well established and with the new CEO is undergoing changes that are allowing it to still grow and innovate. The latest releases in both SW and HW show how much impact and potential it still has. ", " dress down, a lot of meeting and conference call. Flexible in time and depends on your manager, work from home is common. ", " The culture at MS regarding contractors is very long, of course, and the culture has shifted over the years.  When I first started, contractors were second class citizens.  These days?  They are valued members of teams.  MS has come a long way in improving that culture. ", " Microsoft continues to be a great company and with the release of Win10 it opens the doors to lots of new innovation. I really like the new approach to providing multi-OS apps and services. It will help broaden the experience and increase the MS user base.   The people were generally some of the smartest you will find which is both a positive and a negative. We have lots of great ideas and opportunities for innovations, sometimes it is very hard to get to a well adopted decision. Leading to too many meetings and reduced productivity. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " ASSURE Automation,  My function was to execute any necessary change requests and provide assistance to developers as they deployed updates to the service.   I was also assist developers with access to certain logs they might need to diagnose issues that we were seeing. ", " I am proud working for Microsoft and would praise their management model, despite frequent business realignments ", " Day at work - Always challenged Learned - Software Lifecycle Management, Consulting, Delivery Excellence, Project and Program Management ", " Microsoft is a great place to work, lots of room to grow and , and great pay and benefits package, They have a diverse group of employees, ", " At the Microsoft Data Center you will have your days go quick, it is a very fast paced environment, tons of people to meet and good atmosphere overall. Management when I was there was okay, they are now gone. But keep in mind I was hired through a contract agency who eventually lost their contract. ", " Fantastic learning experience, plenty of opportunity for growth and personal enrichment. Benefits are fantastic, as well. Lecture series at MS Research open to employees covering a wide variety of subjects across all disciplines. ", " I love my time at Microsoft, I left because of painfull divorce I would love to work at microsoft again. It is a great company ", " Great company, benefits, many opportunities for advancement. ", " Good salary great technology, bad management,  Typical day is about working with customer and a lot of administration ", " I had an excellent first decade at Microsoft and shipped many exciting products. Most importantly, teams had independence. This has changed unfortunately and the morale has taken a huge hit. It's all about limiting opex. ", " Excited to work for this company as pay matches the work, benefits and perks are amazing and opportunity for advancement is high. ", " Being able to pick which hours you want to come in on which days and how many hours you would like to do on the given day and the no restricting work environment where you are able to be yourself. ", " I absolutely loved working for this company. The placements were fantastic within the company and they were sure to place the right people in the right area for their benefits and the companies advantage. ", " The work is overwhelming, lack of training to employees, no work life balance ", " Microsoft is an amazing place to work. Your success depends a lot on your team. Most people are really nice and accommodating. ", " Busy day to day technology company requiring significant travel and meeting many different types of customers.   Building excitement with partners to sell Microsoft Mobile devices and training on new products and features ", " Except the Services division in Pulic Sector. Poor management there. Other groups don't have this issue. ", " I had the opportunity to interface with many smart people working on the latest in NLP, Search Algorithms, Machine Learning, and improving overall search relevancy. The facilities were nice and I had the luxury of working from anywhere. I felt sometimes that progress was slow due to bureaucracy. The hardest part was the late night hours because of having to work with overseas teams. I enjoyed more than anything interacting with people. ", " Supporting customers implementing beta technology to understand and make sure new features are working as designed.  Just satisfactory to get a new version of a product that Affects a large number of customer and training internal coworkers on new features/functionality ", " Fantastic benefits, Amazing Channel vice president. HR on retail side needs improvement. Not a lot of communication and things get missed when hiring new personal. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Microsoft mobile bangladesh is my favorite work place. I worked there as a team leader and there was 45 people working under me i had to maintain the whole team with part time roster, reporting, sales balance, achieving the target etc. ", " Worked with a good group on development of training material and deployment for unlaunched mobile devices. Organizing logistics, inventory control, software updates and US/International shipments. ", " The Training we were initially given was dismal. We were pushed out on the floor and literally had to learn and fend for ourselves.   The Managers had never done our Job so we could never ask them for advice, they were only good at barking orders and putting pressure on us to work harder.   The Lady who was running the operation had no idea what she was doing, which did not help matters and was always putting the blame onto every one else to try and cover up her mistakes.   Over all the workers I worked with made the place which made my day enjoyable.  On a positive note I pushed myself and focused and learnt alot about Microsoft products, Office 365 in perticular. I improved my customer Service skills which is good knowledge to have for future Jobs. ", " contract administration and customer facing  hardest part was management, not very concerned with your personal development as they were stretched very thin. ", " I decided to leave the company because I wanted to gain more self confidence and apply for any challenging position. And also this company has a lower compensation ", " Managed all business transactions processed through the store. Managed largest account with repeat purchases.  High expectations were set with no compensation for results shown. ", " A fun place to work, with lot of flexibility doing the job. Great team and opportunities to share knowledge. Company encourage develop new idea to improve business. Also learned a lot of troubleshooting tools and techniques. ", " Work at Microsoft was fun, inspiring and challenging all at the same time. The environment was friendly and encouraging to learn adapt to new technologies. ", " Management support for career development. However, difficult to maintain Work/Life Balance and too much internal politics ", " Microsoft is a great company, full of very talented people but it has grown very political and complicated. I think they have a chance to be relevant in the Smartphone arena but it requires a lot of innovation as opposed to trying to work based on the past. ", " This was the Best team ever I worked with and specially my Manager. Tremendous flexibility and trust in the team. Great work life balance. ", " Great! It's a great company!   Fun work place with supportive management. Not all about the numbers but how you personally grow and develop. Decent amount of red tape and politics, but this is expected of a big company. Great! It's a great company! ", " Overall I enjoyed my 15 years at Microsoft although the past 2 years have been more difficult with all the changes and layoffs.  Management and HR became more difficult to work with and everything was made more secure so if you weren't in the know it was harder to do your job.  They call it being \"tented\".  I loved the team and culture of the team that I worked in.  There are a lot of good people leaving Microsoft because of the culture change. ", " Expect the Apple fan boys to pretend they walk into an Apple store to get their iPhones fix. But overall great place to work and lots of fun. A lot to learn too! ", " Its a challenge place to work, as technology is evolving the products and services keep constantly changing. The people and the management helps you o develop your skills and develop your career.  Since its a global company the prospects are unlimited. ", " Money is good, but training is pitiful. Unreachable sales goals. Be careful. They are very nice during the interview process, but after you are hired--- Look out. ", " Great team. Lots of variety and challenge.  Quick moving business, so lots of 'pressure' to deliver accurate and timely analysis and insight. ", " Everyone worked very delightful and affirmative.Trainings were placed and it helped us to improve our skills in wide rage.All the co-workers are supportive and friendly. ", " I have had opportunities to get involved in multiple projects  which has helped me develop multiple skills and learn other areas of the business that I was interested in. ", " Great company to work for, but some orgs are just too political. It really depends on which team and org you are at - it's a huge organization. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " The leadership is very forward thinking and focused on driving the Cloud/Mobility story forward with cutting edge services. The company has great benefits and campuses. Had the opportunity to work with brilliant folks doing very good work.  All had a passion for Microsoft and Windows. ", " Microsoft Ireland is the ideal work environment. Not only will you grow in your career with excellent training opportunities but as a person you experience growth through respect and involvement in projects that affect and influence our world. Microsoft allowed me to grow as a person through involvement in various charities and fundraising for special causes. As a global organisation Microsoft staff are a diverse community so interaction with your colleagues is both enjoyable and rewarding. It is a fast paced ever changing business environment and I was allowed to participate and lead whenever needed and I thoroughly enjoyed the challenge. ", " Busy days with lots of interaction with customers and colleagues.  How to drive out customer requirements and understand desired business capabilities to be enabled by technology solutions.  Co-workers participate on a cross-functional team - highly team oriented with lots of support.  Hardest part was keeping up to date with changing technologies.  Most enjoyable was all of the changing technologies. ", " Fun work place with quick changes. Employees are willing to help each other. Interesting projects with many good opportunities to learn. ", " I love working for MS.  I get a chance to work for different groups, teams, managers and colleagues.   The most rewarding aspect is that I get to meet the most talented and dedicated people and learn from them.  I also hope that they learn from my experience as well.  I  pride myself in  delivering great results and go above and beyond. ", " The company is all about Windows for PCs and now is putting a big bet on cloud. All other areas and business are lacking direction and are targets for the constant layoffs. The CEO can get by with fancy jargon but can't answer any direct question. He is a great cloud person, however he should make a better effort to learn other business and open his mind for other opportunities. Pay and benefits are great, and in average most managers are good people allowing good work/life balance. Organizations are too complex and bloated, which impacts on the speed to get things done. No customer mindset at all, all decisions are cost and time to market driven, they haven't learn how important is to create and preserve a  trusted brand. If they keep doing it, they will continue to fail in every new business and once the market fully changes the focus to mobile platforms, Windows will more to irrelevance, money will dry and only Office will remain. ", " Enjoyable place to work Friendly co-workers Lot of social activity plus Free coffee and sodas Understanding managers Flexible Hours and Nice Lunch Place ", " great place to work, supportive management, friendly coworkers. Learned how to:Testing web content for accuracy,Analyzed requirements, Reporting defects, Reported findings ", " Great coworkers and team to work for.  People are transparent with direction of the company and opportunities for growth.  Best part of working there was the team I was on and my coworkers ", " They are a template consulting company that treats you like a drone with a number.  You come into work and leave without any interaction from anyone. ", " YOu have Flexible hours to keep a work/life balance. The Culture of the company is amazing, colourful and fun. Each individual has something to offer and everyone can rely on each other as we all have 1 set goal at the end of the day. The company works hard to keep their staff happy so that we have a love for what we do to drive not only a job, but our own personal brand and career. There is a lot of room to grow if you are willing to work hard and put in more than what is expected of you. ", " I like Microsoft a lot. It taught me how to be professional and how to be a good manager. It has one of the best benefits in the world. I encourage people to work for this company. ", " I leaned a lot here in the past few years. The team is amazing and so is the work that we do. The most enjoyable part about the job is the people I meet and get to help everyday. ", " I learned to be extremely efficient and coordinate  and work together with all stakeholders/ team members and deliver excellent results under pressure I have developed even more the  strategic thinking; I applied my creativity in the marketing projects  By working with different cultures and markets from SMB to Enterprise I understand the Middle East regions market differentiators and I am able to quickly adapt in any new environment, region,industry, team and quickly implement the best strategy for sales, go to market, communication, etc. ", " Very Fun work environment. Really nice Co workers and management. Very hard to keep up with workload but still overall pretty cool job with a great salary. ", " Microsoft is an amazing place to work as it encourage personal development. Microsoft tries as much as possible to develop your career along the things you are interested in or would be a benefit to the company.   The hardest part of the job is getting to grips with how fast things can change at Microsoft as the businesses focus can change anytime. However you have to have a positive outlook on this as changes in Microsoft always take their employees into consideration.    The most enjoyable part of my job is I can learn about so many parts of the business which enhances my knowledge in the technology industry in various fields such as consumer products and digital advertising.   Also Microsoft has a relaxed working culture which allows you to work hard in a comfortable environment. ", " A great place to work. Excellent health and general benefits. Company provides a great environment for learning. Smart employees. Good coworkers. ", " you learn something new with every day through your teammates, colleagues and role. its a customer focused place where you understand, value and build very strong relationships. ", " Microsoft is a great company with great benefits and job security.  I had many opportunities to learn from professional and well educated co-workers.  I was able to be promoted very quickly.  The work environment was stressful at times but very productive and I was able to stay motivated throughout my time there. ", " sales Teams are very productive and fun to work with. Most of management will give you ability to sell without close supervision                . "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Great working environment but very limited on moving up in the company. Great co-workers and I learned a lot from the company. ", " It is good and productive, it is most enjoyable working environment. My co-workers are nice and helpful, we have many things to learn over here to upgrade myself technically. ", " Taking full ownership of cases and managing through to resolution. What didn't I learn Management can be flaky Excellent co workers The hardest part was being shouted at by end customers Resolving a case to the customers or partners satisfaction and receiving fabulous feedback ", " Friendly Sales environment where we do don't cold calling, our customers find us via the website for a live video chat and they have the option to talk with us or to type. Typically we get to talk with everyone from all over the nation on a regular basis, have a good product knowledge and also learn about new products on the fly. The fast paced job keeps us busy and we keep up a good attitude. We deal with everything from sales to light trouble shooting for technical issues, being able to redirect in a very friendly, sympathetic/empathetic way.   Everyone is friendly and very understanding, we get a long, being a small team that started with just a handful of us for a project that was a pilot that is now going full time. ", " This place has changed. It \"used\" to be an awesome place to work, but corporate suits took over and turned it into a nightmare. Employees are constantly reminded that they are a disposable asset, the contingent staff are constantly reminded that they are slaves only allowed to play within a specified sandbox and even more disposable.  There is a lot of corporate culture here. So much so that its actually sickening.  I won't be coming back voluntarily unless I'm desperate for a job ", " Great challenging and fast paced working environment with great benefits.  Always working with the latest technology and current practices.  Very smart and fun people.  Good project management guidelines and methodologies.  Reasonable performance review process and very good total rewards program. ", " I usually start work around 8:30AM and finish around 5PM. The core business hours are between 10AM - 4PM where most of the meetings are scheduled. This makes work/life balance good. It is one of the best learning place and learned a lot from my job and co-workers. ", " I work for a vendor company called Novitex at Microsoft; the review above is for Novitex and not Microsoft. I very much enjoy working with the MS employees within my building, however my vendor company does have overly restrictive and illogical policies that interfere with ones personal and work life.   A typical day at work starts out at 8:00AM with unlocking and opening the desk, there's usually a bit of down time in the morning so that is when I spend my time responding to emails and booking meetings. Usually around 9:30AM-10:00AM, the main group of employees begin to arrive. Most of the time I have had a few visitors to check in by that point, but most of them arrive between 10:00-3:00 PM. Most of the day is checking in employees who have forgotten their badges, checking in visitors, answering the phones, paging shuttles to other buildings, booking meetings, and answering emails. After 3:00, the building begins to die down and people begin going home. By 5:00 PM almost everyone is gone and the building is quiet, I lock up and go home. The management is very unresponsive to emails and (besides one) very cold and sexist. They expect their employees to live up to a standard they do not themselves do. The hardest part of the job is assisting employees who feel entitled to a certain behavior or favors. It can be difficult at times to assist such ones when what they ask for is not within my means. The most enjoyable part of the job is working with the interns, they are hilarious and fun. I'm more than willing to help them out with the odd and obscure around campus. ", " Very friendly managers and co workers. They treat interns as full time employees and are given tons of responsibility.  Work life balance is very good. ", " Every day is different, new opportunities for being flexible and adaptable. Somewhat aggressive versus assertive, collaboration is a buzzword as opposed to being actually practiced. Veterans tend to hold to past styles of engagement and could be more open to diverse points of view.  I learned the importance of being prepared with data validation in support of a business justification for a proposal. Political landscape; developing strong relationships, aligning yourself with strong leaders  is the key to success within Microsoft.   Incredibly smart and talented people to work with.   Hardest part of the job? Internal operations systems that are not intuitive and do not adequately sync up across the entire ecosystem.   Decent benefits, no free food; administrative support staff not highly valued, nor do we receive equity or bonuses like the engineers do. ", " Good company with an amazing history and trend setting past. The future is also bright, but not as star studded as the past.  Much is expected out of the employees and those who don't move forward get left behind. This is not the job to do the same work year in and year out. If you are looking for a 9-5 job where you have a clearly defined job and when you are done with the day, you can leave it all behind, this may not be the company for you. Be prepared to be on email and have the smart phone tether which keeps you constantly connected.  Upward mobility is very possible and encouraged, and you are fully responsible for your progress. ", " Microsoft is great company to invest your career at!  The culture I great and truly values work life balance for employees. ", " I had a flexible schedule, allowing spending more time with my daughter. I have learned technical skills like running queries in SQL, extracting data from archiving system.My management was great at letting the team be independent. My co-workers were from a variety of countries but we were getting along very well as a team. The hardest part of my job was at the beginning. the most enjoyable part of the job was when i made all the deliveries to client in time and at the expected quality. ", " Worked as a mechanical engineer on fun new products. In the Studios.  Not everyday do you get to work on a product with volumes of 20-40 million per year.  Cool. Great food options and facilities.  Benefits for full timers look solid. I like the CEO.  Would go back to work here.  Was contract.  Got paid for my overtime.  Full timers put in huge overtime - beware!! ", " As a Customer Service Specialist we ensure customer satisfaction by meeting customer needs in a courteous and timely manner. And as my experiences brought me to this edge, I have gained more better ideas to care for the customers needs and skills to help me aid customers in resolving their concerns.         I have learned many things and sharpen my skills and talents about the different skills and talents to apply to be a better customer and tech support specialist and office admin.          My co-workers are enjoyable we work hard and we also play hard, because we all know that if we only work without making any happy moments the result will be stressful. So that's our key to enjoy our job made in our everyday lives. Also the teamwork comes everytime. ", " As a giant in the industry, Microsoft is well established and with the new CEO is undergoing changes that are allowing it to still grow and innovate. The latest releases in both SW and HW show how much impact and potential it still has. ", " Very friendly managers and co workers. They treat interns as full time employees and are given tons of responsibility.  Work life balance is very good. ", " Creating marketing plan Contacting the media Creating ads, brochures Coordinating the events Invoicing  Management Skilled management with 30 years of experience in the field  Co-workers Young professionals  Hardest part of the job /  Most enjoyable part of the job Evrything ", " Laid back corporate culture Best insurance I have ever had. Stock options and grants. Highly competitive salary Microsoft Company Store. ", " lots of growth potential in career if you work hard aggressive schedules are tough on worklife balance  travel is hard on families fun and exciting work great pay high degree of ambiguity and freedom.  great for some and challenging for others "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Great company to work for. They have the best health insurance that I have had so far. Had great management and was a fun work environment. I just wish I was able to work full time. ", " Worked as a mechanical engineer on fun new products. In the Studios.  Not everyday do you get to work on a product with volumes of 20-40 million per year.  Cool. Great food options and facilities.  Benefits for full timers look solid. I like the CEO.  Would go back to work here.  Was contract.  Got paid for my overtime.  Full timers put in huge overtime - beware!! ", " Innovative, leading technology, best business plans and go to market strategies with best talents, employee satisfaction and loyalty, good salary and benefits ", " Agile working environment is strong. Every employee is allowed to have their own working style. Work from home is one of the advantages.  Despite all the good working environment condition, corporate strategic plan always cause uncertainty in job security. This year 7800 employees around the world impacted from this changing strategic plan. ", " The coworkers are the best and keep you wanting to come to work everyday. The environment is up beat and fast paced. Be prepared to work 50+ hours week. Not always a bad thing unless your going to school. The companies politics are a little out of hand but it is a huge company to say the least. The division was growing a little too fast for its own good and is falling apart. The strength that bound the quality of people together is no longer there and felt like a difference place completely. Great place to work for though and hopefully it comes back together soon. ", " great job, with great benefits, however the upper management that is not in the stores does not support the teams in the retail stores or the hard work they do on a daily basic ", " A typical day involved inventory management, product knowledge training, and employee development.  My day also involved customer service management including Answer Desk support for devices and software issues, product exchanged, and development of business leads for local schools, business and local government. ", " Under the new leadership, Microsoft is evolving and growing once again.  It was slumbering giant under past leadership, but it has awoken with new vigor. ", " The best area of the world to serve, Africa. teams are simple, humble willing to help able to learn. lots of business opportunities and chance to grow ", " Fun place to be when sales targets are met, a real Customer focus organization. Driving Cloud transformation massively. you need to work more every day to get more jobs done. when Sales target are not met you either change job or move on quickly. ", " Old software company set in their ways and having trouble keeping up with the times. They are the biggest and think they're the best. Poor management and very disconnected both internally and externally.  Heath care was the best, but they have been downsizing steadily the last few years. ", "  \tTeach and coach sales team members on how to execute their business area strategies and improve individual and team performance.  \tFulfill sales leader responsibilities to create a profitable and engaging sales floor experience.  \tEnsured no customer was left undeserved through effective floor leadership. ", " Microsoft is a very flexible workplace, with a relaxed working environment. An excellent place to work with plenty of perks. Despite being a large company, there is a great feeling of belonging due to the ways in which the teams are split out. I have gained an incredible level of knowledge in Software licensing since working here and enjoyed every moment. ", " Great company to work for.  You can learn new technologies and the Microsoft's way of managing data center. Management is top notch, the coworkers are respectful and friendly. ", " A typical day was great, maybe take 5-10 calls.  I learned what it takes to serve ads in a competitive market of online advertising.   Coworkers were great. A lot very personable.   The hardest part of the job would be management, coming in as an agent and trying to develop on the support floor was rough when you had to answer question you didn't know the answer too at the moment. It was always a learning process. ", " Great place to work, met Bill Gates a number of times, co-workers were fun to work with, reviews were always a challenge, learned the meaning of hard work and invested a lot of hours, learne tecnical knowledge and I was very excited to work there. ", " Excellent company to work for. MSFT requires long hours but if you are on a great team, it is worth it. They offer flexibility for work hours and offer corp access which is fantastic because you are often working with global partners and stakeholders. ", " Good flexibility of hours, just be sure you are working at a store that makes a lot of sales otherwise it will be a slow day. Management are ok. Co workers are 50/50 ", " Feel good to work at the company. with lots of motivated people and a awesome work culture. I have always been inspired to do thing that are challenging. ", " A day at work consisted of a lot of break fix issues.  I repaired all of them time and again.   I learned a great deal from co workers and colleagues. I learned little from management.   Middle and upper management was not good.  No leadership skills what so ever.   Co workers where great.  They always made up for the lack of leadership.   The hardest part of the job was the back stabbing politics brought on by middle and upper management.  The most enjoyable part was the ability to work well with co workers. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Good work environment. Good team of people. Exciting and innovating work culture. Good set of managers. Would recommend anyone to build his or her career here in order to get a good work experience. ", " Microsoft was an amazing experience minus the one bad manger experience that I had. Great co-workers, benefits, and overall company culture. ", " The company can at times be unprofessional as far as providing information to it's employees.The short notice of programs closing leaves us unprepared for our next steps. ", " It's a great place to be challenged daily and I still learn cool things all the time. With constant innovation, you have to keep up with the fast pace.  ", " Great place to work with lots of exicting challenges and very intelligent people to leverage in day-to-day operations and job functions. ", " Microsoft is the greatest place I have ever worked. It is full of fun, engaging, personally invested, enthusiastic, knowledgeable, friendly, embracing, and warm coworkers, even the management, who focus exclusively on the customer experience.  From day one, I was taught that it is about the customer, not the company. We provide what the company designs and makes and our job is to teach them to understand it, use it, and make the purchasing experience as painless and efficient as possible. I have never worked for any organization where the most important thing was the customer experience and sales itself were considered a benefit or afterthought because of the experience.  Every day, we'd have a meeting about our goals for the day, events, coworker camaraderie, but never sales first. Our financial goals came at the end of the meeting so that the vast majority of the meeting was spent talking about new tech, our coworkers, the new experiences we might give customers, and any new stock that might cater towards a certain customer.  It is an amazing experience that I cannot see being duplicated anywhere else. It fosters your creativity, talent, drive, goals, and pushes your limits in a positive manner. You are constantly pushed to learn, grow, adapt, and adjust your experience to the customer's needs. They ask for your input and, most importantly, want your input about the experience and any ideas you have about enhancing it.  In fact, my only issues with this company is it feels like management pushes policies and procedures, privacy and security, a little too hard, as though ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> we aren't always aware of them or if we make one mistake that we're done. I can't say necessarily if this is a true negative because I believe they simply want to provide the best possible customer experience and it might make them a bit sensitive. Not really certain on this.  Check out Microsoft Store if you haven't because they are an amazing company within Microsoft. ", " You work hard, they treat you with respect, Not just a number. I was treated as a person,  the environment was open and friendly. Learned everyday. It was like going to school. I love learning. ", " Interesting place - full of great and smart people from everywhere around the world. Very entrepreunr culture but a lot of role duplicity. It is still am engineering company rather than a marketing one but it is trying hard to get there ", " Microsoft was a blast to work for.  They have great benefits and the culture is great to.  Fast paced work environment where we worked hard, but we also got to step back and take a break and play hard as well. ", " you will find different technologies in Microsoft and you won't find yourself bored  internal transition is pretty simple in Microsoft and it encourages employee to try different project and learn via career  co workers is nice  management is reasonable ", " Very casual work environment, free drinks and snacks etc. Lovely campus, and discount on lunch. Employees however have to watch their backs every now and then ", " My task at work are to do personal training on Office essentials, teach work shops. My co-workers are amazing as well as my management team. ", " Exciting company to work for. Enjoy the environment I work in. Great Benefits. Great Co-workers. Good work-life balance. ", " fun place to work, great management, i always enjoyed interacting with the people who I spoke with. and it was nice having a virtual networking of other employees to help you when you worked. ", " Although \"Working\" as a Xbox Ambassador doesn't give pay and is totally optional to the person it does give amazing opportunities to advance in or start to get some experience in Communication Skills and Social Skills for Customer Care.  All the work you do is done by your own schedule meaning if you want you can start at 12 at night it wouldn't matter and there's no timer it's simply as if you were a Moderator answering questions and helping someone find their issues or problems and fix them.  Overall my time as a Xbox Ambassador has thought me amazing things in those two skill sets and given me a more in depth meaning of what it means to be in the Customer Care and Support business. ", " Responsible for effective provisioning, installation/configuration, operation, and maintenance of systems, hardware and software, for related infrastructure to ensure Service Level Agreements and Quality of Services are maintained for OSG Services. Provide support through incident management software to monitor/restore service operations as quickly as possible, as well as minimize impact to services, clients, and the end user. Responsible to resolve/escalate issues to Service Engineering Teams, communicate advisories; risks to service, service disruptions, and outages to teams responsible for public communications. Maintain working relationships with partner groups during service disruptions and outages. ", " I like the flexibility to work from home but the pay and OT are not balanced. I work many hours with limited assistance and am not as well paid as many of the FT teams. ", " I gained international/global experience as well as a expanded my marketing expertise and skill sets to include project management, relationship management, product development, promotions, licensing, retail, vendor management and cross group collaboration. ", " MS allowed me to cultivate and refine my skills in an environment where I am intellectually stimulated and always growing. I've learned valuable skills in diversity, inclusion, cooperation and a tireless work ethic while attending here. ", " Great place to work while you're young, competitive, and ambitious. You will either make it or not and if you make it, you'll be well compensated. Plan to work long hours with talented people. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Great Company to work.  A place where you grow and develop.  high project management overachievers. motivated by team and superiors. ", " Many challenge projects had been done there. Working environment is good. Benefit is good. Directed a team for project. Lead has to own such experiences in not only in technology, but also in management, communication with crossing teams and vendors. ", " Working with really smart people to solve problems and collaborate is pretty close to perfect. Add to that all the perks and you have an amazing workplace. Management throughout could be a bit more consistent, but they are human too.... ", " I have little good to say about this position. Management at all levels is unqualified for this role. No feedback and poor direction. Poor communication at best. Site supervisor is under-qualified. Everything was poorly done at all levels. Contractors were treated like dirt. ", " Global Leader company . Outstanding facilities. The leaders has global influence . Strong company culture, but little openness to aggregate partners coming from merged or acquired companies ", " Always trying to better myself technically. Co-workers could be difficult and their review process was very difficult. ", " There is an atmosphere that promotes making friends in the office. However, working at home is permitted when it does not interfere with normal business. ", " I had a flexible schedule, allowing spending more time with my daughter. I have learned technical skills like running queries in SQL, extracting data from archiving system.My management was great at letting the team be independent. My co-workers were from a variety of countries but we were getting along very well as a team. The hardest part of my job was at the beginning. the most enjoyable part of the job was when i made all the deliveries to client in time and at the expected quality. ", " A work with United nations High commissioner for refugees, I have learned to be more humanitarian and respectful to human rights and well-being of people.   It wasn't a management experience as it was a dynamic experience that improves a moral's person with others. Working with an organization as UNHCR is an experience itself in terms of professionalism and perfection flow of work. The hardest part of the Job was satisfying all local authorities before starting the project. The enjoyable part of the job was integrating between all the local areas in Lebanon for a better global development process. ", " As a contractor at Microsoft, life is good.  They provide parents with a much needed flexible work schedule.  Loved it but they are capping contract length of service to 18 months. ", " Management could have been stronger, Communication occurs through out the team but retaining the information being shared was the issue. Constant updates and changes in protocol were made daily with very little training. Therefore errors and uncertainty are common.  Subsidized food and free food during overtime was nice and we had some other good perks including a pool table during quiet periods.  Future progression within the company is bleak as a new phase in the Company's sourcing will see many positions and work loads being sent abroad within the next 5 years. ", " I was very fortunate to be able to work for a Fortune 500 company after graduating college. Compensation and benefits were fantastic. Work/life balance was great, mostly because I worked with all my friends. Work was stressful at times but there was some relief. ", " Working at Microsoft was nice. I learned some good computer skills and how to process returns and reship orders. I also learned how to troubleshoot Windows 8 operating system. Management was nice, but they didn't always keep you in the loop because we were only temps. My co-workers were fun and enjoyable to be around. The hardest part of the job was dealing with angry customers. The most enjoyable part of the job was when I was able to help the angry customers and come up with solutions so they would be happy customers by the end of the phone call. ", " Always challenging work with great reward $0 paycheck deducted for medical coverage for the whole family 401k is not as good as Nokia's ", " I can't say nothing negative about this company. They are awesome to work for and really care about their employees. If you are so lucky to work for them you should. ", " This is a nice place to work if you enjoy daily jokes and a tight knit community. A sense of urgency is a must at this organization and everyone is aware of the goal and vision of the enterprise. ", " Microsoft is on-going a transformation and taking the right steps to be more competitive.  There is a winning mindset and a strong desire to focus on the things that matter, and ensure that the company delivers on those targets. ", " Microsoft is an amazing company to work for, they provide for their employees and ensure the best resources are available to them for their respective roles. ", " Exciting company to work for. Enjoy the environment I work in. Great Benefits. Great Co-workers. Good work-life balance. ", " I enjoyed working for a company that built innovative products and provided its employees with the best available resources. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " GREAT PACE TO WORK!! It's fast- paced, I've learned a lot about selling techniques, management is wonderful and very helpful. And the co-workers are great to work with as well as very helpful and knowledgeable. The hardest part of the job is to contain yourself from having so much fun. The enjoyable part of the job is having way too much fun. ", " Microsoft has an overall culture that is very driven.  When that drive is toward a cool goal that is also customer-oriented, the Microsoft experience borders on magical.    When the goal and/or management are more about getting market share for the sake of market share or revenue--with little to no consideration of the customer's benefit--working at Microsoft (any company) can be a drag.    Therefore, if/when interviewing, be sure to see where the group and management are in terms of their business priorities, goals, and measures of success. Your aim would be to make sure you and MS are in alignment. ", " \uf09f\tEvaluated return-on-investment and profit-loss projections. \uf09f\tPlanned and managed budgets and provide all kinds of reports \uf09f\tCooperate marketing strategies and campaigns each quarter. \uf09f\tCollaborated with product managers to promote products and services. \uf09f\tAnalyzed performance of all marketing programs to identify the best opportunities for optimization. \uf09f\tPrepared detailed sales and marketing forecasts on a daily, weekly and quarterly basis. ", " I was treated fairly at all times, compensation was excellent, and I really respect the fact that they would match charity giving.  They did seem to suffer a bit from a culture where folks were promoted who were good managers but not leaders and then they in turn tended to promote like kind.  I enjoyed the name recognition, was a bit jealous of Apple and Google and other companies that seemed more nimble, and dreaded the visits to relatives who put me to work cleaning viruses from their systems. ", "  \tDemonstrate great customer service  \tMeeting given sales metrics for the quarter   \tTrain consumers on how to use their Windows devices   \tUse of problem solving and troubleshooting skills to resolve customer issues (Computers, tablets, cell phones and Xbox)  \tAssisting customers w\u00ac\u00ac\u00ac\u00acith updates and system issues     \tTeaching local Boy/Girl scout troops, home schooled children and summer camps in the St. Louis area on the subjects of photography, cinematography, internet etiquette, entertainment technology and computer history.    \tAssist in store visuals, reading Plano grams and setting up the store for new product releases ", "  \tKeep records of customer interactions or transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, or comments, as well as actions taken.  \tResolve customers' service or billing complaints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise, refunding money, or adjusting bills.  \tRecommend improvements in products, packaging, shipping, service, or billing methods and procedures to prevent future problems.  \tAnalyze retail data to identify current or emerging trends in theft or fraud and researched existing accounts with fraud flags or complaints. ", " Microsoft are an amazing company to work for and along side. There was training nearly almost everyday. I did the training with the other members of staff, My team were one of the best I have ever worked with.The hardest art of the job was the paper work but with any job you take the pros with the cons, Customer satisfaction was the best part of my job. It was a pleasure to give exceptional service so the customer would be happy with the information provided along woth there new product ", " the work time is very flexible as long as you can finish your assignment. you can enjoy free pop during the day just be careful don't gain too much weight. good benefit  For technology, you can reach a lot of frontier new tech, very exciting work assignment all day.  you gets resolve challenge problem and achieve great goal with your hard work.  it's a good place to work in. ", " I joined Microsoft as a Channel Incentive Analyst back in 2010 handling the India Distributor. I need to ensure all the queries from the Distributors were answered correctly and performed calculation of their incentive. Subsequently i was promoted to a Senior Analyst and a Regional Operation Process Lead. I was handling the Enterprise Market for the Asia Pacific region and i lead a team of 9. I need to ensure all my queries was responded within the SLA and payments were on time and accurately. i took on the compliance lead role where i will initiate review with the compliance team on business processes. I need to ensure that the productivity of the team increase and the process still follow SOX compliance. ", " A fast moving place to work, learn tons of information about hardware and software. Coworkers are friendly, approachable, accessible and most importantly willing to teach you along your learning curve. Time management is key and overall emotional intelligence as technology constantly brings challenges that will need the best of your efforts.   OVERALL: A great place to work and learn many things. ", " as with most HUGE companies, the culture is set by the individual department/organization you work in.  So it varies widely.  I would stay aware from World Wide Pricing and Licensing (WWLP), any of the product organizations would be challenging and fast paced and you would gain great transferable skills. ", " great place to work and the company takes really great care of its employees and its community through charity and things like relieving traffic pollution/congestion through charter bus service. And if you are interested in doing it or learning it, Microsoft has it ", " According to my experience here at Microsoft I feel that I have grown a lot as a person and my business acumen has enhanced a lot since I have been a part of this prestigious company. My Boss is really encouraging and easy going, acting as a mentor and making me feel comfortable with the situations faced and allowed me to learn the techniques to overcome many challenges we may face in our day to day business life. ", " Productive and fun place with supportive management. Not all about numbers but how you personally grow and develop. Decent amount of red tape and politics, but this is expected of a big multinational company. ", " A great experience to open the second Microsoft Retail store in Canada from day one.  The ability to do multiple 1 on 1's daily to invest in our associates was incredibly rewarding as the Leadership Team was able to promote ove 8 staff in my tenure at Microsoft. ", " Microsoft is a dynamic company that offers vast amount of learning and experiances from an internal to external perspective.   Working with multiple nationalities and timezones from across the globe, once personal growth is unlimited. Learning from each individual how they see their markets and applying that best pratices inhouse in ZA.     In a fortune 500 company, you are expected to deliver. This challange is set before you, when you join such a dymanic team.  This challange can lead to sacrificing work life balance to acheive this. This is however very seasonal and not a daily occurance.   My managment style was to let us take charge of our sections, and give your freedom to show your potential whilst in tenure. ", " Truly a once in a lifetime opportunity!  Outstanding management, supportive team members and the benefits and perks are unlike anything I could have imagined! The training resources are limitless and you are empowered to take yourself, your career and your position anywhere within the organization.   Leaving only due to my husband being relocated for his job.  I'd hoped to continue to work remotely, however as front line legal support to the clients, they prefer to have on-site support. ", " I have loved my time at Microsoft. I enjoyed the flexible hours and high level of trust instilled in employees. Employees are encouraged to \"fall forward\" go out on a limb and take risks. My coworkers were all highly intelligent proactive people that I respected. That made the biggest difference in my interactions. People acted extremely professionally and did not take things personally or get involved in office politics, that I saw... It should be noted I worked as a contractor (v-dash) ", " Never boring Constantly learning something new Need to be able to always stay positive, master politics, and work within ambiguous guidance Challenging long term growth if you stay in one position for more than three years Cobblers kids at times Perception is reality and hard to overcome if you are a member of a geographically dispersed team ", " If you love tech, this is a great place. Your experiences will range from enterprise to consumer, all sorts of devices.... PCs, phones, tablets to XBOX.  Mobile &amp; Cloud is a great direction for Microsoft. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Got to work with some of the finest teams and learned a lot about performance engineering and testing webpages during this period. ", " Great experience and learning opportunity.  The coworkers made the environment so enjoyable.  Hardest part of the job was the commute from Denver to Boulder. ", " From time to time work life balance is hard to achieve in Microsoft. but management treat it very seriously if that is called out outstanding in internal MS Survey. In general the company has culture to support its employee to reach their potential. Fairly good medical and dental benefit though not as good as it used to be. ", " Was great in the beginning.  Great training and management.  Quick to get things done or changed.  But as the site grew, became more bureaucratic and slow. ", " I am in charge of everything that came through our store. I have to check and make sure we have the right amount that our computer said we had and if we were off I am told to find out what happened to it. Very stressful, but also do not mind it because I like having that much responsibility. ", " Assist both individual and business consumers; realize their full potential through accelerated adoption and productive use of Microsoft technologies and services. My customer relationships and problem solving abilities earns the trust of customers and co-workers alike as I engage, educate, excite, and empower those around me. ", " This place has changed. It \"used\" to be an awesome place to work, but corporate suits took over and turned it into a nightmare. Employees are constantly reminded that they are a disposable asset, the contingent staff are constantly reminded that they are slaves only allowed to play within a specified sandbox and even more disposable.  There is a lot of corporate culture here. So much so that its actually sickening.  I won't be coming back voluntarily unless I'm desperate for a job ", " My typical day was to demonstrate Microsoft Office 365 in France. I manage myself to organize the round trip (plane, rental car, train, hotels, meeting room...) and I took 2 days a week to invite reseller at the meeting. Once I learned how to demonstrate Office 365, I was confortable to organize any events in France. ", " As I did not work directly for Microsoft but through CPM I was placed in various different stores around Dublin but the staff were always so friendly and would always help me if i didn't know something or I had a question ", " I can select my working position, from home toilet to the office pantry or cafeteria.  I used IT technology to ease my daily work routine. As saying goes \" don't leave home without your VISA\", better \" a clutch bag \" I am referring to my light weighted robust notebook.  We hold each other hands until the task is completed and celebrated success by blasting wishes via email. We encouraged each other on a conference call to resolve task and snap up all the no taker role in a meeting discussion within minutes.  We talked about anything under the sun except work when we really under the sun, walking towards a coffee break or group outing.  We closed all the day issue from APAC within the working hours, which made the working environment no room for gossip.  With so much positive energy surrounding me, how not to be productive and fun. ", " A typical day at work would consist of managing about 30 calls ranging from a number of issues from connectivity or simply a billing issue. The environment is pretty relaxed, and u can learn a number of interpersonal communication skills and the technical aspects of connectivity. ", " Every day we have a meeting to talk about our numbers, what the company main focuses are, and how to engage the costumers and provide them with world first class costumer experience. I've developed my presentation and communications skills. I am fluent in the Windows OS (windows 7,8,8.1 and 10). I learned how to troubleshoot computers and fix them. The management team is great at keeping the energy going at all times. They need to improve on focusing a little more on the employees career development. Personally the hardest part of the job was learning the language of IT at first, then it was easy, the most enjoyable part of my job is constant training on Microsoft products, and services, managing business clients accounts and maintaining a relationship with them. with this job we have the chance to help individuals and make an impact in our community. ", " I worked last 5 years  in Lync / 2010 / 2013 / 2015  have knowledge on deploying / trouble shooting and testing experience. Worked on QA ( Quality Assurance)  of Polycom / Snom / Xavy VoIP phones used by more than million customer daily. ", " A usual day at work feels like there is to much to do today, but you're free to pick your poison and drive the Business the way you like.   Impact Counts while you're open to talk to anybody in any hirarchie level.  the hardest part of the Job is to meet expectation - the best part is when you even match These expectations ", " Very friendly environment. Excellent infrastructure, very strict on security guidelines. Friendly environment work place. ", " Liked the free coffee and accessories. Rewarded for good work and liked being recognized. People were friendly, but there are always groupies. Large Business, Building, and competition ", " Microsoft is kind of Ok place to work.. . Usually its long hours. fast paced environment. Good thing is you have to face lots of challenges with huge curve of learning everyday. ", " Good place to work, need to improve office culture. Enjoyed working with account teams and given increased responsibilities. ", " THIS IS THE BEST COMPANY TO WORK FOR PERIOD!  I CAN HONESTLY SAY I HAVE FOUND MY DREAM JOB!  THEY RECOGNIZE THE LITTLE GUYS AND APPRECIATE THE JOB WE DO ", " A day at work consisted of me working in the Repair tech and OEM department. I gained much more experience in OEM in terms of speaking with others by phone in order to conduct business. When I began the job, often times I'de have to learn how to do my job correctly using my experience because I didn't have much guidance, but the co-workers made the work day easier and actually made me enjoy working. The most difficult part of the job was communicating with people over the phone of various nationalities. The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to interact with my co-workers. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Worked with teams that believed in work hard and play hard kind of culture. It was cut throat with a lot of pressure to meet the deadlines yet teams worked in unison to understand the interdependency and meet the uber objective of what's best for the company.   ", " It is a one day event. Hence we have several days of preparation and meetings to brainstorm ideas for sales pitch to be delivered to the OEMs. Learnt what takes for an event to run smoothly and efficiently. Gained knowledge from fellow colleagues and the wittiness of my supervisor. His leadership and management of the team was admirable. Hardest part of the job was during the brainstorming of the pitch. Most enjoyable part of the job is that it's an overseas project in Macau and of course communicating with the audience and getting them to understand our pitch gives me the sense of achievement. ", " Microsoft gives the opportunity to have proper level of work-life balance. Of course there are periods of time where work is overwhelming daily routine and time pressure is huge theseb days, therefore key component of personal success is to have great manager and real leader as I had. Opportunities of professional growth are enormous, but it is key to have a either good manager or piece of luck. ", " As a consultant, I was never actually an employee of Microsoft. But I've worked with one group exclusively for almost 3 years. Their continued renewal of my contracts has provided me with a consistent place to grow in the field of software development.   I was hired with no experience in the field, but my employers took a chance on me. Within this role I grew from a project coordinator, working under an experienced project manager, to managing projects in my own right. Later, I was able to parlay those PM skills into the more in-depth role of business analyst/solution manager.   What strikes me most about this experience is that my team and employers were invested enough in me, a consultant, to take an interest in my long term career. I will always appreciated that. ", " If you want to impact people using technology in their lives and work, literally everywhere in the world, Microsoft is the best place to be. If you are entrepreneurial, this is a spirit that jives with the future direction of the company but current engineering culture is still figuring out how to embrace this spirit given the need to maintain and bring forward legacy products and processes. Microsoft is a work in progress, yet again.  A day in the life depends on what your role is, and many of us wear many hats. Expect to exchange opinions and take feedback, sometimes harshly delivered, on a regular basis. When you work on something important, which is most everything, there are always others who care deeply about getting it right and getting it out on time.  If you are lucky enough to interact with customers on a regular basis, expect to spend time trying to get their voices heard. This is more and more a value in the company and everyone will spend time on forums like UserVoice, Reddit, and other forums for direct customer and partner contact.  Some degree of politics and many layers of management in this huge company still make it hard to move and respond quickly even though there is a strong push towards One Microsoft. Top leadership at the company has the right ideas, some of the engineering leaders are better at technology, others better at product vision, some care a lot about people, some don't do as well in any of the above categories.  The benefits are amazing and the opportunities for learning endless. You can work on almost any kind of product and technology ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> in the software, services or devices world. The products coming soon are indicative of the evolving culture and business, but there is more work to do to make this an awesome place again, in tune with the rest of the industry.  If you want to work with some of the smartest people on the planet, build a great career and work on some of the coolest products of the future, MS is a good bet. You need to be wiling to put up with some big company irritations to get the big company rewards though. It is a great place for many, but not for everyone. ", " As a vendor contractor, I've noticed that the culture and attitudes toward vendor contractors has changed over the years. You still get a great work/life balance as a contractor if you know how to manage expectations. ", " I live in Germany and wish move to USA. I lstudy business development and learned Sofware development.  I can easly work under stress. My motto is there isn't any impossible things, there is only missing knowledge that why my way is learning, learning,  learning. ", " A pretty cutthroat competitive environment since you're just one among tons of very very smart people. A good place to start out your career but not an easy place to build a long career. ", " At slightly higher levels, e.g. Lead level, it becomes all about who you please and project yourself to.  You need to know the political arena and be willing to play in it. ", " Awesome place to work.  40 hours a week.  learned many things.  lots of different teams to work on varied experience can be obtained per team ", " It was impressive, we had so many perks, travels for releasing products, beer flown from Germany for OctoberFest, awards, jackets, etc. I was in the right place at the right time, we didn't have terms, glossaries, everything was new. I collaborated in the elaboration of the first Spanish Style Guide, we tried specially hard not to divide the Spanish language, and we produced a standard to be followed by all translators, editors, and reviewers, some areas were tricky: colors were a few basic ones, but some are confusing as a lemon and a lime have different name colors in Central-South America where a lemon is green, and in Spain is yellow.  It was an entertaining and hard work environment, the pressure to release a product was incredible, sometimes I worked 80 hours weeks, and sometimes the Spanish product was ready before the English one.  The environment was great, all the art, the passes to museums, all the cultural acts that Microsoft was sponsoring, AIDS walks, Symphonies, etc. Plenty of things to do with kids, also in emergencies I was allowed to have my son at the office. We were treated like humans and worked like super humans. We had a big list of courses we could take, I think I took them all. I was also tested as English editor scoring 96%. I was able to help testing many English products finding &amp; documenting bugs.  Then all the localization was sent to Ireland... except a few difficult to accommodate like German, Japanese, etc.   I was really happy to keep my collaboration for many years as freelancer with SCS. ", " I don't know if I had bad luck, but the impression I had of the company was that it was as any other more traditional company with a techy look. There was a videogame room that no one used but to have a phone conversation with intimacy and a fusball that I just used a couple of times and at lunch time.  It was very disorganised and even the location in Lisbon is quite bad since it's outside the city and it can be a nightmare to get there if there is traffic, which is quite normal.  You could get some food for free (sandwiches or fruit in the kitchens, not full lunches, breakfast or dinner like in other famous tech companies), but I'd say that was all. Not even the PC used was a state of the art machine.  Maybe it was just those offices or bad luck, but I recommend people to apply to other companies with a real modern and innovative culture rather than to this old elephant. ", " An excellent company to work for offering loads of opportunities for career development. Starting off in finance I moved into IT where my passion lies. As a people manager responsible for delivering on key strategic programs MS allows for a varied and challenging day ranging from strategic planning to tangible delivery  showcasing MS technologies whilst enhancing client productivity , with a huge focus placed on developing the people within my team. Organisations worked in always contained a richness of diversity of opinion and ideas which challenges you to think differently and accommodate different viewpoints while always remaining customer and service focus.  I received great experience there and made life enduring friendships and shared wonderful life changing experiences. I cannot highly recommend MS enough if you ever get the opportunity to work there. ", " Work at Microsoft is very fun and this company does an amazing job at motivating it's employees. I learned a lot about technology during my assignment, including Microsoft Office, various PCs and community and business development. Management did an amazing job accommodating every single one of their employees, including the temp hires. Hardest part of the job was cramming in SO MUCH information in the 5 months I was there; however, it was not impossible and the resources available made learning easier. My favorite part of working at Microsoft was how the company runs on diversity and that we were encouraged to learn, to further become experts in sales and technology. ", " With the global supply chain, Microsoft gave me a platform to flex my concepts and develop as there is always something new to learn. ", " As a Microsoft employee I have no complaints at all over how I was treated as an employee. One can always question business decisions by upper management. We reported into an excellent remotegroup in Issaquah, WA. ", " I was lucky enough to be involved with Microsoft through vendor roles. Although the company was notorious for treating vendors poorly, I was placed with sensational teams who treated me equally. Even as a vendor there were multiple projects on my plate that I needed to perpetually juggle. But I don't view this as a con because it allowed me to learn a lot about myself, my limits and gain valuable experience. ", " Good Job. Good Salary. Great Benefits.  Learnt SharePoint Administration Became a User Profile SME Management was ok.  Worked with over 300 premier clients.  Hardest Part was to Give the answers in critical situations. Enjoyable part was a new challenge everyday.  ", " Although I was able to get some management skills this job made it hard to balance work and home life. Top level management were unfair, unwilling to work extra hours, and unwilling to listen and work as a management team ", " Innovative, and great culture to personally, technically, or career wise develop. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " My daily work has been great, as I've been allowed for some time (basically until now) to work mostly remotely from my house, meaning I have a very portable job. I know that this is rare among contractors, so this has been a great thing. Their facilities are second to none. I learned a lot about Windows and the inside culture of such a large company. Management has a lot of improve on, however. They tend to promote people into management who are better served not talking to people, but to computers.   There is a culture of fear and they communicate poorly as a result.  What I liked most was the social aspect of the job when I visited. ", " Generally, I've worked with great people at MS, smart, engaged and interesting. Politics plays a part in the higher levels which does impact culture ", " Microsoft continues to be a great company and with the release of Win10 it opens the doors to lots of new innovation. I really like the new approach to providing multi-OS apps and services. It will help broaden the experience and increase the MS user base.   The people were generally some of the smartest you will find which is both a positive and a negative. We have lots of great ideas and opportunities for innovations, sometimes it is very hard to get to a well adopted decision. Leading to too many meetings and reduced productivity. ", " For the most part at Microsoft I work independently. Here I'm  exposed and learn many new things and have the privilege to work with brilliant individuals.   The most enjoyable part is the promotion of intellectual discourse and scientific approach to problem solving. ", " Microsoft is an excellent place for an intern. The company treats interns extremely well, and there are so many ways to connect with people and do cool things outside of work.  Awesome thing about both my internships was that I got to choose what I worked on. The manager, mentor, and co-workers are all extremely supportive, and constantly remind you that this experience is for me to learn and grow (and their actions actually follow that statement).  The only thing I disliked about the company (or at least my team), was that not many people seemed passionate. This would be an excellent place to work if stability and work/life balance is the top priority (like seriously, I can't imagine a better place). ", " Interfaced with many groups in order to assess scope of work, interview vendors, manage budget, keep developers to schedule and publish final content.  As in many cases, the FTE that is responsible for the outcome, guides the vendor in the direction they want the work to take, but the vendor drives all the moving parts to fruition.  I enjoy driving a project with many moving parts and discovering new processes and new applications that can be used to create what is typically a world-class outcome. ", " I learned to be extremely efficient and coordinate  and work together with all stakeholders/ team members and deliver excellent results under pressure I have developed even more the  strategic thinking; I applied my creativity in the marketing projects  By working with different cultures and markets from SMB to Enterprise I understand the Middle East regions market differentiators and I am able to quickly adapt in any new environment, region,industry, team and quickly implement the best strategy for sales, go to market, communication, etc. ", " Really enjoyed my time with DX TED, as it was a fairly new org, with a ton of chaos and creativity happening. I was able to draw everyone in to the task at hand, and got a reputation for being able to \"herd cats\"! I planned events for anywhere from a few people, to 150+, and supported the 150 evangelists around the world by being the lead on culture and communications, and producing the monthly newsletter.  My management chain was awesome. I had the freedom and autonomy to get the job done, but had the support and assistance, as needed. ", " As a Brand Promoter(BP) of Microsoft I had experienced both positive and negative environment. When there is any occasion or holiday, the rush of the Clients were too much. So there was huge work and responsibility to fill up. As a BP of Microsoft I also learned the official and productive team work. The management was nice. Hardest part was to give the proper service to the consumer because there was always full of consumers. Interesting part was to introduce all Microsoft Device to the consumer. ", " Engaging with fascias on a store level to promote products and engage staff to promote through advocacy Create and run store based incentives to further advance market share and prominence in said fascias Audit compliance in store to maximise investment opportunities Train staff to the full potential of their knowledge to allow them to in turn promote the products to customers Complete admin visits to major fascias including PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys to ensure Microsoft presence is in the forefront of their minds and ensure marketing messages are being correctly delivered in store All of the above is under the radar and although they are allowed by the head office of the major companies involved (O2, EE, Hutchinson 3, Carphone Warehouse, Vodafone and PC world) these tasks are completed through building effective relationships in store and gaining the trust and faith of the staff ", " This company is going down hill very fast. Managers punish you and don't keep promises. Not a real sales environment and not a good place for gaining sales experience. ", " Microsoft is a great place to work, the perks are awesome, the culture makes you feel included but the management needs to change.  Management now is trying to shift the individuals to do the change to DevOps but they don't have a full idea on how to, they are playing by ear and pressure is mounting.  If management backs the employee like before then it would work but now they are not backing up us they are quickly trying to do the changes without thinking of consequences just because top management says so. ", " This company appreciates and values everyone's input and grows leaders at every level.  Project based outcomes allow individuals to collaborate and energize each other. ", " I'm contractor at Microsoft. I'm working with a great team on Microsoftstore.com. During my time here I improved my developers skills as front-end developer. Overall it is really enjoyable experience. ", " Busy days with lots of interaction with customers and colleagues.  How to drive out customer requirements and understand desired business capabilities to be enabled by technology solutions.  Co-workers participate on a cross-functional team - highly team oriented with lots of support.  Hardest part was keeping up to date with changing technologies.  Most enjoyable was all of the changing technologies. ", " I had a bless working with Microsoft Team. The Portuguese group, my team , had work hours  basic in Brazil and Portugal time.  Normally my work hours were from 5:30AM- 2:30PM to reach Brazilians and Portuguese\u2019s. Our day starts with a lot of calls and chat too. Introduce the Microsoft Online services for new customers or follow up, answering questions for those who signed up 30 days free product trial.  Calling new leads, and following up with prospects who had signed up for 30-day trial of Microsoft Cloud Services. Worked with the prospects to help them initiate the services and guarantee that their evaluation experience was successful. Upon completion of the trail period I assisted with arrangements for the purchase through Microsoft Partners or through Microsoft\u2019s online store.  Our manager was really nice and we work as team help each other with information and updates. Our co-workers are very sweet. We always celebrate birthdays and care about each other. It was a big family team. The hardest part was the day that they announce\" the Austin location will be close\". It was really disappointed.   The  most enjoyable part of the job are words and emails saying  Thank you and congratulations for your attention, help and excellent costumer services from our Brazilian customers! Make me feel that i really doing a great job, helping the companies find a product for their need to be more productive. And of course the pay checks plus benefits.  ", " I have loved my time at Microsoft. I enjoyed the flexible hours and high level of trust instilled in employees. Employees are encouraged to \"fall forward\" go out on a limb and take risks. My coworkers were all highly intelligent proactive people that I respected. That made the biggest difference in my interactions. People acted extremely professionally and did not take things personally or get involved in office politics, that I saw... It should be noted I worked as a contractor (v-dash) ", " I enjoyed working with XBox SLS team. The team had a very dynamic and energetic group of people. I had the opportunity to learn new technology, extend my ability and improve my software engineering skill. ", " A work with United nations High commissioner for refugees, I have learned to be more humanitarian and respectful to human rights and well-being of people.   It wasn't a management experience as it was a dynamic experience that improves a moral's person with others. Working with an organization as UNHCR is an experience itself in terms of professionalism and perfection flow of work. The hardest part of the Job was satisfying all local authorities before starting the project. The enjoyable part of the job was integrating between all the local areas in Lebanon for a better global development process. ", " I greatly enjoyed my time at Microsoft.  The people there are top notch and technically brilliant.  The company has great resources and very interesting technology.  I was originally working with Microsoft Research which during my time there was shut down with no advanced warning.  This seemed a bit too heavy handed. I was transferred to a product team and became the only person from my original group to retain employment.  Less than a year later I was present for yet another reorg where all of the consultants (myself included) were let go.  Chalk it up to good/bad luck.  I would still not hesitate to recommend Microsoft as an employer. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Good team to work with, people are nice and responsive.  Fast paced and a solid drive for quality work.  Overall a great experience. ", " Microsoft was a blast to work for.  They have great benefits and the culture is great to.  Fast paced work environment where we worked hard, but we also got to step back and take a break and play hard as well. ", " I greatly enjoyed my time at Microsoft.  The people there are top notch and technically brilliant.  The company has great resources and very interesting technology.  I was originally working with Microsoft Research which during my time there was shut down with no advanced warning.  This seemed a bit too heavy handed. I was transferred to a product team and became the only person from my original group to retain employment.  Less than a year later I was present for yet another reorg where all of the consultants (myself included) were let go.  Chalk it up to good/bad luck.  I would still not hesitate to recommend Microsoft as an employer. ", " Great  learning experience, very multi-faceted environment. Ability to expand into other departments. Many connections can be made. ", " Professional working environment.  But you feel like you only know your team.  Sometimes it is not very friendly across teams.  Sometimes people are not helpful because of job security.  Contractor is a contractor - rarely have a chance to join as a full-time staff.  No advancement except you may get a raise in your pay-check.   No benefits (stocks/shares) ", " Typically I sit at my desk calling and emailing customers attempting to fix their various issues. That's generally the extent of my job. I\"ve learned how to deal with all sorts of different personalities. My boss is not a very good leader and would rather adhere to the scare you policy. Hardest part of the job is making it through 9 hours while sitting in a chair. ", " I enjoyed the travel that I had to do for this company.  I was able to go to Las Vegas and New Orleans for trade shows.  The original company was based out of Montreal, Canada and I was able to visit twice during my time there. ", " Growth and job security wise - very difficult and non-existent.  No rewards and performance is inconsistently measured.  Work and life balance is non-existent.  However, employees are intelligent and well-rounded; in comparison to Amazon, there is a lot of flexibility despite the long hours ", " People in my group are very kind, and willing to offer help when I need. I am learning and learning a lot there. I enjoy my job very much. ", " Microsoft was a very interesting company to work for. I learned a lot from this company. I worked for many different office personel - District Manager, Sales Managers, Office Manager, Consultants, and  Sales associates. I was in charge of maintaining our office machines, shipping out all promotional items, keeping our break room fully stocked all while answering a busy multiline phone system and greeting everyone coming in the door with a smile on my face!! ", " The vendor company I worked for hired myself and a co-worker of mine to manage a team of new recruits to provide some relief to and increase publishing output to xbox video on xbox live.   I was there for 3 years. I gained some good management experience and played an integral part in my department, but opportunities to move up in the company was practically non-existent. It made it difficult to stay motivated, since contract positions only contract you to do that one specific job. ", " Worked as a dot net developer. Developed desktop as well as online solution as per the requirement of the clients. Learned new technologies specially I was challenged working on Azure and Windows store apps.  The most enjoyable part is that we used to have outing every end of the quarter. ", " Not a bad place to work if you like coding &amp; MSFT products. I've found that they idolize their own products and need to got out of that mindset so they can figure if the customer like the products and how to make them better not to please the employee but the customers.  Remember the customer knows what's best! ", " I enjoyed my time here, it was fun and easy for me. I would like to continue working there, but my contract ended. I would recommend it. ", " Microsoft has two sides to it - one as a huge company and another as a collection of a 1,000 small ones.  Each has its trade offs.  The large one has a lot of resources, staying power and potential advancement however slow and cumbersome machine and politics. at time it's hard for one to achieve full impact.  The smaller groups are more agile but tend to be siloed.  A driven individual has strong potential to succeed. ", " My typical day is spent creating multiple tactical plans that help support product adoption. I've learned a great deal about how to manage various marketing projects with limited tools and resources, while sharpening my time management skills. The employees across Microsoft are very smart and are part of a culture that is focused on driving product metrics. ", " Interesting place to work. Microsoft have an good development methodology, but some of the long term product direction decisions weren't being made when they really needed to be. ", " great company and culture. I worked with a great team which share same value and beliefs.   I really enjoyed worked there. ", " Great company to work for. Fast paced environment, with a good ethos of training. Friendly co-workers with helpful and positive attitudes. ", " The people here are great. I felt like everyone there was professional, while at the same time, fun and humorous. I would highly recommend working here to anyone. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Developed massive sales skills while serving the Saudi Arabian market for office 365 support and technicalities.  The ability to research and discover new material, then develop training material to pass on to workmates.  It was a challenge achieving targets given that the product was in birth stages. ", " Emphasis in customer support. Great benefits and very fun. Outstanding HR department which is always in direct contact with you. ", " I enjoyed my time with Microsoft. The company was not as dynamic as you would expect of a technology company but the people that I worked with were competent, positive, and visionary ", " Microsoft is going through a very exciting period. There are many cool ambitious projects and along with them great career opportunities. The work environment is great and the benefits are very good. ", " Coworkers and clients seem to be very nice. Management need some improvement. Job is easy but management Priorities are all wrong. ", " Great products, services and very smart people. It has a great new energy to expand Microsoft footprint to other operating systems and mobile. We have a lot to do but great people to work on big challenges. ", " Due to Microsoft buying out Nokia, we got laid off.  it was a great company to work for but the comp cought up.  If it wasnt for Apple and Android, I'd be at Nokia now. ", " Typical day at work involves managing different cross company processes such as forecast, budget, planning and target setting. Involves a lot of work with product and sales finance teams as well as other central finance organizations. ", " management is not good they hold our salary's without any reasons  they give alot of  pressure not understand us out of source they give us the work  they dont take any care for employer ", " The most ineffective company to that I have ever seen. Unbelievable politics and inefficiencies.  From the outside looking in, one would never imagine how lacking process and procedure exist here. ", " Microsoft Store is a great place to start of your career in the tech industry. You get a ton of experience in Windows and they even have a great tuition reimbursement program. Highly recommended. ", " I work in a great office with terrific people.  I have learned a lot and wish I could stay on.  I have learned quite a bit and have worked with very impressive people. ", " Microsoft is a place that can be hard to get into, but once you're in, the opportunities are endless.  When I first started at MS, I was working for another company (Aquantive/Atlas) that was acquired by MS, and the initial transition was hectic, but after a short period of getting to know new management and some new \"best practices\" things resumed at their normal, yet hectic pace. After a couple years of hard work, a couple promotions and always looking ahead, it became clear that this was the place that I was meant to be.  After some internal struggles with management across MS, we got a new CEO, changed the way we look at the future and eliminated \"stack ranking\". I now believe that MS is one of the best possible places to work, with endless possibilities for training, development and career advancement.  Yes, it's hard to get in (the interviews are brutal), but if you know your stuff, have a passion to drive the future and like working with other like-minded individuals, don't hesitate, apply for something! ", " Excellent Training, great co-workers steady workflow advancement is there with up to date training on sales, customers, and also very helpful in ongoing your own personal knowledge of products and information. ", " As a Customer Service Specialist we ensure customer satisfaction by meeting customer needs in a courteous and timely manner. And as my experiences brought me to this edge, I have gained more better ideas to care for the customers needs and skills to help me aid customers in resolving their concerns.         I have learned many things and sharpen my skills and talents about the different skills and talents to apply to be a better customer and tech support specialist and office admin.          My co-workers are enjoyable we work hard and we also play hard, because we all know that if we only work without making any happy moments the result will be stressful. So that's our key to enjoy our job made in our everyday lives. Also the teamwork comes everytime. ", " 5 days a week work, 40 hours average. cool and relax working environment. young and lively co-workers. hardest part of the job: meeting deadlines most enjoyable part: rewards, compensations, food rewards, parties, freebies ", " Flat-model management style conducive to high productivity, team spirit and continued progress and improvement. Most enjoyable part of work was the commitment to perform excellent work with top standards. ", " A typical day involved answering calls from Microsoft Gold Partners for both technical and non technical issues. Learned to resolve issue based on good business practice. Management encouraged thinking out of the box. Microsoft employees always available to assist when needed and contract workers always cooperated when their help was needed. The hardest part was resoling issues when third parties involved. The best part of the job was helping people with their issues. ", " You would think any company as big as Microsoft would have plenty of resources and plenty of places to hide where you could just go in, do your job and live your life.  Not so at Microsoft.  This is a performance-extraction machine: it is very well managed and you are measured, evaluated, stack-ranked and pushed very hard every single day. Work life balance is a joke. People work insanely hard and long hours, and they are some of the best and brightest from all over the world. Working at Microsoft is an absolutely great way to start or advance your career, but it's no cake walk. The performance review process is very telling (I was a manager so I saw how this works). All employees within a group (has to be bigger than 6 or 8, normally is about 14 - 20) get stack-ranked, literally, and put into top, medium, and bottom-ranked buckets.  Someone (or several people) must fall into the bottom bucket. Those folks get a bad review.  This means if you have a team of 14 absolute rock stars, there will be 2 or 3 rock stars who are shocked to receive a bad review and no bonus. Many of them leave. That's why so many really great people used to work for Microsoft. Also re-organization happens at a dizzying pace. All this said, I think very highly of Microsoft and learned a staggering amount in the 3 years I worked there. It's a bit like working on your PhD except you don't have an advisor fighting for you. In particular, if you are young, smart, hard-working and eager to soak in a fire-hose environment, Microsoft is a great place to work. I honestly think the more senior you are, the harder ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> it is to work at Microsoft. Although I've heard Amazon is worse... ", " Was a great experience for me. How ever the life work balance was very sided towards work.   Very understanding management. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " They many resources and encourages thinking outside the box. Great company to work for. I was given my own project, where I had to learn many things. But I always felt comfortable, no one was watching over my shoulder. I was able to thrive in this environment. ", " Fun amenities and atmosphere with free beverages, X-Box access, and pool tables.  Knowledgeable management team. Cutting edge product.  Friendly and welcoming staff. ", " A typical day involved inventory management, product knowledge training, and employee development.  My day also involved customer service management including Answer Desk support for devices and software issues, product exchanged, and development of business leads for local schools, business and local government. ", " I worked at Microsoft for 20 years and loved it.  Sometimes the days were long but the challenges and sense of accomplishment made it all worth while.  The people there are amazing and the new CEO is getting the company going in the right direction again. ", " Working for AOL and Microsoft Xbox and store projects has been a real eye-opener because of the intense educational and fulfilling work that i took part in me and my team of expert technicians.  At the beginning working as a tech support representative would involve  being punctual,staying overtime when needed,performing maintenance and diagnostic steps on pilot tools, programs and beta releases that only privileged agents had access to, to insure customer satisfaction and productivity.  I have learned in my total of 4 years experience as a tech support agent the responsibilities that come with the opportunity of a promotion and how to be work as a one unit with the team and managers for the same goal of surpassing all targets and growing and improving all of the companies services and structure. ", " Microsoft is a great company with tons of folks highly passionate about their area, technology, pushing the envelop, etc. Microsoft is in a major change that seeks to and I believe will long-term, improve the culture, quality and execution of Microsoft solutions and services in the mobile-first, cloud-first arenas. ", " Taking full ownership of cases and managing through to resolution. What didn't I learn Management can be flaky Excellent co workers The hardest part was being shouted at by end customers Resolving a case to the customers or partners satisfaction and receiving fabulous feedback ", " Great team to work for, knowing what you do helps people around the world.  Co-workers were fabulous and cared about what they did.  There were many side projects I was able to work on besides my key responsibilities which introduced learning opportunities. ", " The Microsoft Team includes sales and the delivery team.  The delivery team consists of both technical and functional.  The whole team works together on getting leads and collaborate on how to attack an opportunity and better our services.  Meetings for the following week are being confirmed every Friday and meetings are mostly set based on geography to maximize time.  At least 2-3 meetings are being set per day unless presentations/demo are scheduled.  Internal sales or team meetings are set Friday afternoons.  The company regularly organize team buildings where all employees, including the management, are part of the activities.  There's always a balance between work and play. ", " As a consultant, I was never actually an employee of Microsoft. But I've worked with one group exclusively for almost 3 years. Their continued renewal of my contracts has provided me with a consistent place to grow in the field of software development.   I was hired with no experience in the field, but my employers took a chance on me. Within this role I grew from a project coordinator, working under an experienced project manager, to managing projects in my own right. Later, I was able to parlay those PM skills into the more in-depth role of business analyst/solution manager.   What strikes me most about this experience is that my team and employers were invested enough in me, a consultant, to take an interest in my long term career. I will always appreciated that. ", " The company as a whole provides is enjoyable. But the department in which I work (Office 365 Onboarding Center) is not. The project is  new and the management consists of people thrown together from other departments. All eyes are on the project as it may change the way business is done from a customer service standpoint.  There is no cohesiveness due to everyone clamoring for the spotlight. Leads and managers were not trained for their positions but thrown into them to save them from layoffs from other departments.  The project as a whole was rushed, therefore missing the start date promised to customers by a full month. Partners and account managers were not properly notified which causes confusion on the customer end. In short, the whole project is a joke. ", " The management team over SKYPE and Xbox (Live, Music, One) were very open to letting the PM run with the role resulting very high ratings and continuity. ", " Identifying and resolving technical issues relating to Office 365 - Lync/ Exchange/ SharePoint. Case management by ticketing and bug tracking systems. Premiere Support Services for Enterprise Customers.    Managed customer technical issues ticket issues and provided continuous support and timely updates to customers in accordance with service level agreements (SLAs).     Troubleshoot all Office 365 customer issues related to Exchange, Lync Server, SharePoint and Live Meeting.    Served as a third tier technical expert, providing analysis, resolution and escalation point for online issues.     Ability to communicate complex problems in non-technical terms at various levels within the organization    Worked with sales, operations teams and partners to gather escalation information and customer/business impact. ", " I work for a vendor company called Novitex at Microsoft; the review above is for Novitex and not Microsoft. I very much enjoy working with the MS employees within my building, however my vendor company does have overly restrictive and illogical policies that interfere with ones personal and work life.   A typical day at work starts out at 8:00AM with unlocking and opening the desk, there's usually a bit of down time in the morning so that is when I spend my time responding to emails and booking meetings. Usually around 9:30AM-10:00AM, the main group of employees begin to arrive. Most of the time I have had a few visitors to check in by that point, but most of them arrive between 10:00-3:00 PM. Most of the day is checking in employees who have forgotten their badges, checking in visitors, answering the phones, paging shuttles to other buildings, booking meetings, and answering emails. After 3:00, the building begins to die down and people begin going home. By 5:00 PM almost everyone is gone and the building is quiet, I lock up and go home. The management is very unresponsive to emails and (besides one) very cold and sexist. They expect their employees to live up to a standard they do not themselves do. The hardest part of the job is assisting employees who feel entitled to a certain behavior or favors. It can be difficult at times to assist such ones when what they ask for is not within my means. The most enjoyable part of the job is working with the interns, they are hilarious and fun. I'm more than willing to help them out with the odd and obscure around campus. ", " An excellent company to work for offering loads of opportunities for career development. Starting off in finance I moved into IT where my passion lies. As a people manager responsible for delivering on key strategic programs MS allows for a varied and challenging day ranging from strategic planning to tangible delivery  showcasing MS technologies whilst enhancing client productivity , with a huge focus placed on developing the people within my team. Organisations worked in always contained a richness of diversity of opinion and ideas which challenges you to think differently and accommodate different viewpoints while always remaining customer and service focus.  I received great experience there and made life enduring friendships and shared wonderful life changing experiences. I cannot highly recommend MS enough if you ever get the opportunity to work there. ", " The company is extremely structured with very little emphasis on personal growth and doing what is right. Everyone there is fun to work with for the most part, however management only cares about looking good and not about the depth of the work or the person behind it. ", " Working as a Event Planner/Vendor @ Microsoft for the past 10 years has been very enjoyable.   I have learned most of the Microsoft internal tools, and have confidence in creating PO's, assigning facilitators, instructors, ordering courseware, registration tools, budget management, just to name a few.  I have a strong bond with the co-workers I have collaborated with professionally.  The hardest part of the job would be making sure all the logistics would come together as a whole within the US and Internationally and the reward is that a successful event was held with next to no issues. ", " Fun place to be when sales targets are met, a real Customer focus organization. Driving Cloud transformation massively. you need to work more every day to get more jobs done. when Sales target are not met you either change job or move on quickly. ", "  \tResponsible for all site &amp; marketing analytics , reporting, KPI definition, performance measurement, a/b testing, &amp;   \tAct as the data-expert for all aspects of digital advertising analytics &amp; marketing campaign management  \tcampaign management for mobile &amp; online advertising product (Tag)  \tManage SEM &amp; SEO Budgets  \tBuilt the reporting infrastructure used by over 40 employees  \tCollaborate with copy writers and content editors to create content based on high value keywords  \tIntegrated data from Omniture and SQL into reporting dashboard  &amp; scorecard  \tResponsible for interviewing, hiring, training, and managing 2 contract developers  \tPresent analytics data, analysis, and recommendations to a large audience every week  \tRequires heavy use of Excel, Omniture, SQL, PowerPoint &amp; various social media tools ", " Microsoft Webtv- Inbound phone technical support/customer service, ranging from internet connectivity issues, email, FAQ's, sales, troubleshooting hardware, software and making sure the customer's experience was a positive one.  Webtv is an old service Microsoft doesn't even make anymore but I learned all the remote codes to get the set top box to perform multiple functions the end user requested. I learned to treat the customer how you would like to be treated. (customer service)  Management was great. Very supportive. Positive.   Work environment. I liked my co-workers and manager. Of course helping the customer resolve their issue so they don't have to call back and just enjoy their service. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Great company to work for depending on what you are seeking.  Product suite is expansive, brand is solid, culture is multi-national. ", " Microsoft is a great place to work, the perks are awesome, the culture makes you feel included but the management needs to change.  Management now is trying to shift the individuals to do the change to DevOps but they don't have a full idea on how to, they are playing by ear and pressure is mounting.  If management backs the employee like before then it would work but now they are not backing up us they are quickly trying to do the changes without thinking of consequences just because top management says so. ", " Currently a Start up Company, this company is new and is growing.  There is the ability to learn many areas of the company. ", " This was a dream job for a qualitative researcher like me. I felt my manager was deeply invested in my intellectual development this allowed me to grow and not worry about the direct implications of my research and interview study. However, this company strength comes with its own weaknessI felt the research arm of the company was quite distance from the product arm of the company. As a result my research project had little direct impact on Microsoft's product development teams. ", " SW company trying to become  HW company with too many in management not understanding how to make that happen.  Te culture is more geared to risk averse behavior; everyone needs to feel 'involved' in any decisions; this slows down decision making process and at times cripples the company. ", " Good work environment. Good team of people. Exciting and innovating work culture. Good set of managers. Would recommend anyone to build his or her career here in order to get a good work experience. ", " Everyone in the group is talented and for the most part the work is rewarding.  This team is excellent at firefighting and day-to-day operations because that is what they know how to do and they are praised for quick reaction.  What the team lacks is the discipline of execution, setting and achieving improvement goals. ", " A typical day I tracked, processed, encoded and quality controlled rolling TV content and helped the movie team and music with any of their needs when required.  I learned the flow from raw video files or tape, then how they are processed then encoded for the X-Box Music and Video service.  I learned a verity of programs like AVSP, Sound Forge, Pro-tools, Microsoft CRM, MS Office and verity of other software. I also learned tape capture. We also used all recent Windows OS\u2019s windows XP, Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8. I also learned to work with massive server video libraries, navigation and work flows.    The management over all was good there, and what was to be expected as a contract worker at Microsoft.   My co-workers were a fun; all of us were really interested in technology and innovative team. ", " good place to work. good pay and benefits. good work/ life balance. good work environment and atmosphere. management open to listening to new ideas and changes. ", " Most people say the best part of working at Microsoft is the people - you meet so many diverse, smart, amazing and passionate people every day.  Work life balance is a way of life. The technology available to us helps. Dress is casual - I've even seen shorts and flip flops on sunny days or the occasional Goth walking the halls.  Onsite Starbucks is handy as is the restaurants. Ideas are valued and we stay and we are loyal because we know what's coming... ", " Really impressive work environment, the career at Microsoft helped me to grow both professionally and personally. Will be always looking forward to work if opportunity persists. ", " It is a summer internship program.  I learned Microsoft software development life cycle. However, I did not learn much in programming. ", " Good for people who can work with little direction.  Lots of ambiguity, but generally great flexibility in schedule and how you get your work done.  Generally not a micromanging culture, but expectations are high, even for new hires.  Compensation package is very good. ", " Overall it's an OK place to work. Difficult to move or switch positions or be promoted though. The Support positions give a great opportunity for growth and able to learn about MS technologies. Probably not the best position for someone who is looking for a long term career. ", " Hours are long and inconsistent, No weekends or holidays off, position is interesting and ever changing, Management team is very scattered and disorganized, and not overly interested in work/life balance ", " Dynamic atmosphere, many things to learn, administrative set up done immediately - in the first day I have received access in the system and badge ", " Review issues first thing in the morning. Clear all outstanding issues from previous day, categorize items to be action for the day. With the time at Microsoft I found to handle requests from end user. Create project plans for the test environment, and manage the life cycle of services. My co-worker were helpful if there were issue that needed to be addressed we would work together to resolve the issue. The hardest part of this job was dealing with resource allocation for software testing purposes. The most enjoyable part of this job was helping other achieve their desired results. ", " Every day you were trusted to manage your own schedule based on your workload. This provided people the opportunity to learn about leading your own business unit which was approximately 350 employees. Management trusted that you were doing a good job and were there in case of escalations or other support. One time when I had too much on my plate I let my manager know so that could have a proactive notification of where any escalations and/or complaints may come from in the client groups. When a complaint did arise from lack of bandwidth my manager stood behind me. My team was built of knowledgeable HR professionals that existed like a family always there to support each other.  The hardest part of the job was the passion that we all felt towards the company mission. This lead to a self imposed lack of work life balance.  The most enjoyable part of the job were the people that you worked with. They were intelligent, friendly and honest about where things stood with their work. ", " Its a great place to work with a bunch of great projects. Microsoft just needs to get a handle on their future, purchase of Nokia was not a good thing for the company, because of all the changes in the company. ", " Incredible company!  A typical day at work has a clear objective and a helpful team to accomplish those goals.  Access to supplemental training. Helpful team that works toward a common goal. Most enjoyable part is meeting and expanding knowledge from a business and retail perspective. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Great place to work . Fast paced, great environment to be in.  Globally focused .A lot of new learning on the logistics and supply chain space. ", " The team was great to work with, still in touch with many of the team members. The team had great work culture and work life balance. ", " A typical day at work would be having a set task lists including reviewing of accounting processes. These would be Credit Card Chargeback Reporting, Cash Reconciliation Review, Journal Entry Review. I learned a lot about Corporate Accounting and developed a skill set in Accounts Receivables and Cash Management. I learned how to research and fix misapplied funds and use what I learned to educate the team. My co-workers were incredible, supportive and we would help each other out a lot. The hardest part of my job was termination and performance issues involving employees. The most enjoyable part of my job was the fast pace, the continual knowledge, new processes and flexibility. ", " As a contingent worker you do not have a desk so you must always either work from home, coffee shops or the cafeteria.   This creates a divide and just a hassle to productivity.  Microsoft is a good company with a lot of work to be done so there's no shortage but the contingent worker program sometimes feel a bit exploitive. ", " This place is simply perfect. It offers cool public areas with beanbags and cozy couches, xBox with 60\" screen and a ping pong table. It also has private areas and meeting rooms for teams to focus and hold discussions. As well as, personal areas where all engineers have their own offices which is transparent not to let people be isolated. Every engineer is loaded with the best equipment one can have, in  addition to access to very powerful machines for heavy processing.  In this place you will definitely find the best computer scientists in Egypt, as well as the best software engineers. Everyone is the best in what he/she does. I learned a lot from everyone, and has been introduced to new areas and new technologies.  The hardest part about the job is the challenging nature of it, where you need to be always learning and gain more knowledge, as well as sharpening your skills where there is no room for less than the best, and that's what makes me adore that place.  The most enjoyable part is when I see my work shipped and interface with users, and get positive feedback about it. ", " I work 50-60 hours a week driving recording images, mapping for the Bing project, might get 1 or 2 days off a week unless it rains or a rig is down. I work in the field alone in new cities which is adventurous.   I learned how to utilize and troubleshoot high tech equipment on the cutting edge.  Managers were inexperienced managing people. Poor communicators and unprofessional.  Coworkers were all ages, all colors, all personalities.   Hardest part of the job was dealing with a bad manager being away from home for up to 2 months, no raise, no advancement.  Most enjoyable was money and benefits which were good, everything paid for, being able to experience cities I've never been to working in tandem. ", " Microsoft is a very driven company constantly moving and never slowing down. I have had many opportunities to grow in my work life, financial life, and my personal life. I start my day off at 6:30a with live event from international subs and move into streaming for the Redmond campus. My 3 person team streams around 500 live events a year and are constantly growing that number. The hardest part of my job is to remember to compliment myself on the work that's been accomplished as we tend to overlook the small contributions. However, I am most enjoyed when my customers walk away happy and feeling like they were well taken care of and that my teams gets the recognition. ", " Good place to learn how companies work on a marketing standpoint. Not great in terms of getting mentorship and guidance as a contractor.  would recommend to anyone who's innovative, a born leader and ready to compete against their fellow coworkers. ", " Microsoft is a dynamic company that offers vast amount of learning and experiances from an internal to external perspective.   Working with multiple nationalities and timezones from across the globe, once personal growth is unlimited. Learning from each individual how they see their markets and applying that best pratices inhouse in ZA.     In a fortune 500 company, you are expected to deliver. This challange is set before you, when you join such a dymanic team.  This challange can lead to sacrificing work life balance to acheive this. This is however very seasonal and not a daily occurance.   My managment style was to let us take charge of our sections, and give your freedom to show your potential whilst in tenure. ", " This was an annual competition from that was more of a job than a competition. We conceptualized an environmental software that aids in the creation and maintenance of a sustainable environment. This competition was done in my final year in college. ", " Good facilities on campus. Many opportunities to learn and grow. Even as a vendor, one has certain amount of freedom to express and work on what interests them. ", " Lions and Tigers and Bears OH MY. I learned a lot while I was there - but everything I learned was not good. The egos and narrow-mindedness are hard to stomach, and honesty is far from the best policy if you want to advance. Your co-workers might or might not be your friends - you won't know until you move on. The company is disingenuous when it claims to be people oriented, whether you are a customer or employee. ", " A great experience to open the second Microsoft Retail store in Canada from day one.  The ability to do multiple 1 on 1's daily to invest in our associates was incredibly rewarding as the Leadership Team was able to promote ove 8 staff in my tenure at Microsoft. ", " Login to case volume, check to see how many cases need to be completed that week and follow up's for the day. I've learened that you can never limit yourself on how fast you can complete an assignment even with tribulations. Managment was not organazied but it did not stop me from completing my task. It was a very easy work place my co-workers were all there to do one thing and that was to get the job complete correctly. The hardest part of the job was having to work for \"yourself\" with no one watching what you did. It was all about self discipline, that aslo could fall in the category as the most enjoyable part of the job as well! ", " Nice surroundings, own office, and good perks.  Manage your own schedule &amp; work location, ie office vs. home.    Very autonomous, come and go without any interaction.  Never see or hear from the boss, which can be good but ambiguous. ", " Good place to work. Very nice co-workers and a good opportunity to work as a team and to develop management skills. Very interesting multicultural environment. ", " - There were no typical days at work. Every day would be different with it's own challenges, which made the job interesting. - I learned how to work smart, use latest technologies, and how software business works from the best. ", " My typical day at work is a very busy day. for example, answering phone call, on site off site issues, escalating tickets,  prioritize level of tickets, etc. I have learned so much from  bosses and co-workers on subjects such as weakness and pride. I feels so proud  because I'm a part of this great company. ", " It used to be great company to work for but has been on steep decline for few years. No longer good company to work for. Overall it is best for people that like to be involved with politics and favoritism. Good ideas are just ignored (especially if any action would be required from management) and only whatever makes the management look good is supported. I was hopeful when Satya took over but it just became complete mess. He states his vision for Microsoft but otherwise it is not visible below him. There is more worry among employees after recent lay offs. Those have crippled some teams and there is no rehiring in sight. ", " Very good experience and maximum knowledge that i have accquired from this company , this was best place to get the experience of customer care "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " A typical day of work consisted of traveling, training &amp; Sales. The most enjoyable part of the job was the creativity. Creativity was one thing that was emphasized for me to use as a tool to use for trainings. ", " Opportunities to grow in a friendly corporate culture.  Got recognition for efforts and successes.  Encouragements to move forward. ", " It was the Best E X P ever, I love the management they are all stars! Thanx LOL Don't know what else to write, so Y O L O ! What now.... ", " If you want to impact people using technology in their lives and work, literally everywhere in the world, Microsoft is the best place to be. If you are entrepreneurial, this is a spirit that jives with the future direction of the company but current engineering culture is still figuring out how to embrace this spirit given the need to maintain and bring forward legacy products and processes. Microsoft is a work in progress, yet again.  A day in the life depends on what your role is, and many of us wear many hats. Expect to exchange opinions and take feedback, sometimes harshly delivered, on a regular basis. When you work on something important, which is most everything, there are always others who care deeply about getting it right and getting it out on time.  If you are lucky enough to interact with customers on a regular basis, expect to spend time trying to get their voices heard. This is more and more a value in the company and everyone will spend time on forums like UserVoice, Reddit, and other forums for direct customer and partner contact.  Some degree of politics and many layers of management in this huge company still make it hard to move and respond quickly even though there is a strong push towards One Microsoft. Top leadership at the company has the right ideas, some of the engineering leaders are better at technology, others better at product vision, some care a lot about people, some don't do as well in any of the above categories.  The benefits are amazing and the opportunities for learning endless. You can work on almost any kind of product and technology ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> in the software, services or devices world. The products coming soon are indicative of the evolving culture and business, but there is more work to do to make this an awesome place again, in tune with the rest of the industry.  If you want to work with some of the smartest people on the planet, build a great career and work on some of the coolest products of the future, MS is a good bet. You need to be wiling to put up with some big company irritations to get the big company rewards though. It is a great place for many, but not for everyone. ", " Loved the work at Microsoft. Highly Professional. Great respect for each other. Super friendly seniors and colleagues. ", " Microsoft is one of the bests companies I worked for. The team and  the leadership worked very well together.  I personally enjoy the divisions and the idea of time management and home office. ", " Microsoft is a good environment to work in.    They treat their contractors well and have great bus access to their campus.   (Traffic to and from Redmond is terrible.)  They've got the best food I've ever seen in corporate America. ", " As a Consumer Product Advisor you are talking to customers to determine what products or services will fit their individual needs. You are also responsible for educating customers on devices and software. ", " Amazing company, the culture runs through everyone! Really know how to make employees happy while still maintaining work/life balance. ", " Its no wonder Microsoft have such a good name. Their people are smart and work hard. They have a fantastic working environment and treat each employee with the utmost respect. ", " Microsoft is a great company to work for, the culture is great, excellent compensation and benefits, enough flexibility for both vertical and horizontal movement. The big issue is individuals can feel irrelevant making small things in the big scope of products. ", " The most enjoyable part of the working here was the awesome team of coworkers. I had the ability and freedom to manage my time and daily tasks yet still have fun. The most difficult part of the occupation was having to multitask while being interrupted. ", " I arrive here at 7:40am and start powering up the computer and unlocking the drawers.   Then look at the email to see if the admin or engineers have requested any conference rooms, emailed me names of guest that he/she may be expecting, or any food deliveries for that day.  Then I check the mail/copy room to see if it is stocked with the right amount of supplies, and copy machines have paper.  Next I begin to greet employee's walking in as I work on my projects that have been assigned to me by Admin.  I go to lunch and run errands.  Come back and continue to work like crazy.  When the day ends I lock up shut the computer down forward the phones and leave wish everyone a good night.  I have learned a lot over the years of being a receptionist. Some is from trial and error. Other information has been taught to me by Admin or co-workers. I have learned how to improve myself on Windows, Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint, and SharePoint.   My co-workers are team players and are always there to assist me with anything that I may need to ask for help with.  The hardest part of my job is that I have become so popular here that I am given so many projects.  The most enjoyable part of my job is knowing that I have made some life easier by taking on projects for them. ", " Microsoft was a brilliant company to work for, the had great facilities and a great atmosphere to work within. A typical days work would include me functional testing upcoming games and software for any bugs and glitches which i would then systematically report to be corrected. ", " Nice Place to work. Good Work/Life Balance. Working environment is very good and your always get edge in learning new technology. ", " Going through a lot of growing pains right now with the new leadership. Like other tough times, they will come out of it. Been with the company for 15 years. ", " I had a chance to test some of the newest games on the market created by Microsoft.  great atmosphere, great people all around great company ", " Challenging, supportive place to work, great managers. Professional development, mentoring, well organized, great opportunities, flexible, positive work environment, able to work from home. ", " Can-do motto is well execute in MSHK. Learned to deal with APAC and multinational security system. Co-workers are good to work with. ", " I been working at AJ's fashion as a sales clerk and a cashier for part time only, they opened at 1:00 in the afternoon and experienced so many things while working there. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " The Microsoft Team includes sales and the delivery team.  The delivery team consists of both technical and functional.  The whole team works together on getting leads and collaborate on how to attack an opportunity and better our services.  Meetings for the following week are being confirmed every Friday and meetings are mostly set based on geography to maximize time.  At least 2-3 meetings are being set per day unless presentations/demo are scheduled.  Internal sales or team meetings are set Friday afternoons.  The company regularly organize team buildings where all employees, including the management, are part of the activities.  There's always a balance between work and play. ", " search and repair on site the machines, maintain e clean and make preventive scheduled maintenance and repair history, controlling stocks of replacements, in my place i was alone because we make assistance preferential in the local clients,all over Portugal. i had a good partner ship we my other colleagues ", " I really enjoyed working for microsoft and learnt alot about sales and selling. However as it was a representative job, I would be on my own in a store and I would like to work more as part of a team. ", " As a Consumer Product Advisor you are talking to customers to determine what products or services will fit their individual needs. You are also responsible for educating customers on devices and software. ", " Although faced with challenges of a small business, as a team, we had to act with the speed, professionalism and ethics of a large company. The Microsoft Dynamics division is almost a startup inside the very well established Microsoft. I participated on plannings, created my own project, had huge responsabilities and autonomy that no other big company would be able to provide me as an intern. I've learned to take chances and how to not be afraid of mistakes. The biggest mistake you can ever make is the one of avoinding change. Sometimes the lack of resources would come as a difficulty, however, with creativity, we would always find solutions to the most important issues. I've also learned how to prioritize and work with multiple campaigns and tasks. ", " This job requires extreme attention to detail. The PTO is generous, however one false move and you're done. For IT this job doesn't pay all that much. The initial salary is about 40k a year, however it is extremely low, if you have a degree in Administration. ", " Wear many hats and make executive decisions on a whims notice. Fast paced cutting edge technology corporation. Team work is imperative and must be ready at all times. The most enjoyable part is getting to meet all kinds of people and personalities! Hard work pays off no matter how you look at it. ", " I have worked on many contracts with Microsoft and have continued to learn and broaden my skill set.   It has been a good experience overall.  The culture is an expanding entity that is a great way to meet and understand different cultures and have the diversity of professional peers and managers. ", " Microsoft thinks big and delivers. In regards to staffing, Microsoft pursues high level talent in all disciplines. I enjoyed the collaboration, the execution of delivering top talent to large business groups and building relationships with hiring teams. Microsoft's flexibility in work-life balance is top class. It's a results-only work environment. ", " A typical day requires a need to be agile.  Microsoft is a continuously evolving company.  Each day brings new challenges that you must adapt to, report on, and lead a team to achieve.    The most difficult part of the job is accepting that there is always more to be done.  The best part of the job is knowing that the products you build change the world. ", " Overall a very rewarding and enjoyable experience working for an extremely well know and respected company. Great work/life balance, exciting range of benefits and career progression opportunities. ", " This was my first administrative voluntary work , enjoyable and very interesting work , administrative work fun because most workers are female .   This work it was to help publics to get information in Nhs and events and counseling centre.  We provide information to help women  in their health life. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job is two fold. One: the customers are diverse, well educated in technology and open to new technology. Operations was limiting but AX was fascinating once you learned it. ", " Work on tasks or open project.  I learned more about project management specifically VoIP migration.  My co-workers were very pleasant to work with At times the hardest part of my job was waiting on other teams to complete my request accurately and on time.  The most enjoyable was seeing a project come to a successful completion and the work atmosphere. ", " What can I say?  Microsoft was by far the most challenging and rewarding company to work for.  The chance to be involved with the most current technologies, training at the highest level, a great team oriented culture and benefits that were second to none. ", " I was basically a student representative for Microsoft at my college. I had to promote Microsoft's newest products on campus and we were given many things, such as an XBOX 360, kinect, phone, laptop, etc. The managers of the program were very easy to communicate with and very understanding of the difficulty of juggling work with school so I think overall it was an amazing gig. ", " A great place to work if 65+ hours per week are what you are willing to provide.  The benefits help outweigh the impact to work life balance. ", " Starting back in the mid 1990's, working the for company as a contractor was challenging and very rewarding.  The leadership was strict yet back then the products produced were history makers.  I left MSFT in 2007 after working a fte role.  The manager and group were really good. But they were outsourcing the entire projects to Hyderabad and my chances in keeping employment were not good.  So I left and went back to contracting.     Recently I interviewed for some testing roles offered on contract and found the groups way too extreme.  Unrealistic with working hours and expectations seemed overboard.  Thus change in management through the years caused poor work environment.  Developers now must sit in a room at small desks with 30 other engineers.  Not a very good place to build the next best software solutions! ", " Spent a good portion of my career at MS and am quite happy with the time and development of my background and career there. ", " Microsoft is the best technology company and affects so many people. The spread of personal computers and the software to make people so efficient. This is a major contribution Micosoft made to the world. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Windows Azure Active Authentication (formerly known as PhoneFactor) is the leading provider of phone-based two-factor authentication solutions to companies worldwide.  Windows Azure Active Authentication (SaaS) provides strong authentication for government, healthcare, enterprise, banking, and website applications. ", " Microsoft is a good environment to work in.    They treat their contractors well and have great bus access to their campus.   (Traffic to and from Redmond is terrible.)  They've got the best food I've ever seen in corporate America. ", " I was a contract illustrator drawing for the Encarta Encyclopedia project. I learned a lot technical/natural information because we were illustrating medical, transportation, mapping, natural information on a wide variety of subjects. Quite interesting. By the time the illustration was done I KNEW the information. ", " A+ Hands off management! Decent culture. Super rewarding and challenging. Fargo is a great place to raise a family, however not too exciting if your Swingle. ", " Working for Microsoft retail has been the most exciting job I've ever had.  My typical day at work includes sales, and providing services such as computer diagnostics for customer with pc issues. Also fixing computer issues including hardware and software.  This job has a high energy and a great culture. ", " A typical day is like 5 customer care to give a tour of of Office 365 platform. Make report of customers, sales and record calls. Inform activity report of the help desk. Helping clients who have problems with the platform. Currently working for professional services.  I have not completed this information for reasons of professional ethics. ", " They days of Microsoft being the del facto standard are behind them. The company is a little too large and arrogant to compete with Google and Apple but upper management is starting to change. Mid managers are still interested in one thing your funnel and license sales.   There is no training for Account Managers, so you are on your own to figure out everything ", " I love this job because they paid me to do the right thing. It was an program for teenagers living in the area that didn't have anything to do. I was paid to learn how to work Microsoft Office. After my training was over my, I was given the option to stay over and do my homework with a tutor. If I stayed, I was paid extra. So it was an awesome program and I would recommend it to anyone. ", " Work was always entertainingly fun and the day was always interesting. Management and my co-workers were the most amazing people I've ever met. Hardest part of the job was trying to deal with the rush hour. Most enjoyable part of the job is being able to interact with all the customers and teach them things that I can teach myself ", " I mange the MTVs (in Singapore and China) and the relative personnel, such as PM, BOMs groups, etc. to ensure the monthly shipment on schedule for the customers and prepared for the contingency plan. Furthermore I also focus on the cost saving so that MS can serve the customers well with the cost effectiveness. ", " Do not be taken into contract with Microsoft, unless you are prepared for a break neck pace, poor compensation for your effort and to be lost in the wood work as you are only going to be an expendable item in the large machine. If you plan to perform better then everyone else, don't, you'll be removed by politics and back channeling that will result in your ultimate cancellation, if you are looking for experience? you wont find much mindless tasks will be provided for you until you are eventually made obsolete by programing.  Personally I recommend finding something your comfortable with, and that will pay off more then this job, because Microsoft wants you for the least amount of money possible and no they do not want to build a relationship with you. ", " Working at Microsoft is like learning at Harvard. The best in class of every area are hired there and the culture of that melting pot is infused with a daily (sometimes hourly) \u201cdrinking from the firehose\u201d in creating and dispersing new technology and applications of that to the real world. ", " As I performed an internship at the Microsoft Invoation Center, I had the occasion to improve myself and learned new things every single day (which, for me, is very important). In addition, the project was extremely interesting and I took great pleasure working on it. ", " A typical day at work would include me clocking in at 5am, and sitting down to resolve Microsoft customers account problems ranging from Xbox to Account Management, If dealing with a billing dispute I must check and calculate funds beings requested for refund and analyze usage of the customer on the specific product. If a customer needs helps with account management I analyze the customers account security settings and proofs to validate their identity and walk them through the account recovery process. I also assist fellow team mates on pressing issues regarding customer inquires. I take a 30 minute lunch around 11:30a  and continue to assist customers until 3:30pm. ", " Great challenging and fast paced working environment with great benefits.  Always working with the latest technology and current practices.  Very smart and fun people.  Good project management guidelines and methodologies.  Reasonable performance review process and very good total rewards program. ", " I was a contractor, pay was acceptable 1 year limit on contract jobs.  Hours and workload where reasonable.  Traffic during prime times was horrible with huge backups on 101 off ramp. ", " Work starts at 1300 and ends at 23:30 four days week 4 on and 3 off.  A typical day starts with checking your emails and checking to see what tickets have been put into your name for you to work that shift. ", " Microsoft is full of opportunity.   The company is one of the most cutting edge companies in the world.  They understand business and home users and deliver unique experiences for both.    The co-workers at Microsoft are some of the smart people you will find in the tech industry. ", " Not a bad place to work if you like coding &amp; MSFT products. I've found that they idolize their own products and need to got out of that mindset so they can figure if the customer like the products and how to make them better not to please the employee but the customers.  Remember the customer knows what's best! ", " This Job was a dream at first. During the holidays there was a wonderful buzz in the air. A great full happy staff. Which soon as we finished out the holidays our Temps were let go without a moments notice. The moral went down and people were force to sell sell sell!. I understand were a company but it was suppose to be about the customer experience not \"What did they buy\". I feel let down that we let personal high school \"clicks\" in to our professional work place. Managers have there favorites and if your not one work is not fun for you. In the end Microsoft Retail starts off great and leaves you with a feeling of \"You don't have my back\". "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " A typical work day involves calendar management and support for 2 busy General Managers along with their team. Respond to email, approve expenses, work on projects, make travel arrangements, book conference rooms and order food &amp; beverages for scheduled meeting. Will sometimes provide support to other GM's and VP if administrative support is out of office. ", " great, excellent, ambitious and love working in the business field especially in insurance, hard working and strive to succeed and always happy ", " Learned so many things and good people and so helpful, great experience, helpful and nice work place.  Always love to work with people like Opti and great Management and Wonderful Team work. ", " I manage calendars for a VP, GM and Sr Director, book international travel, put together weekly bullet points from the team, order supplies for the team, order catering for meetings, book conf rooms.  the hardest part of the job is that it isn't challenging enough and their isn't enough work to keep busy.  did learn to manage budget which is a great skill to have. ", " Everyday we received a lot of phone calls coming from North America and Canada. I learned a lot specifically how to become a professional one. ", " A typical day at work is to provide quality customer service/support. I have learned various hardware and software products, IT troubleshooting skills and physical skills such as; server racking, cabling, and hardware repair. I work among great management and co-workers. The most enjoyable part of my job is working alongside IT professionals and learning new things everyday. ", " The job was interesting. My co-worker/lead was great (a contractor).  The manager was very nice, but was so overworked, she didn't have time to meet and was rarely in her office.  The people in offices around me never talked to me, or introduced themselves to me (they were blue badge FTEs, almost exclusively H1 visas, or foreign nationals). This is typical of life at Microsoft.  On the other hand, no one gets into your business this way.  I never receive feedback when I work at MS.  The job just ends, mostly due to lack of budget planning.  The budgets always get cut sooner than they think, even though they tell you they have \"tons of work.\"  Sometimes, you hear through the grapevine that you did a good job and they would hire you again.    I just wish there was some amount of a collegial atmosphere.  When I worked at Boeing, contractors were treated like the FTEs, mostly and were well thought of.  At MS, it seems to be just the opposite.  Of course, being a contractor, there were no paid days off, or holidays.  The FTEs were rarely around during the holidays. It was quiet and luckily I had an office, which is rare.  This was probably the one of two best jobs out of about 15 I have had at Microsoft. ", " I thought working at microsoft I would learn a lot.  I was disappointed.  The technology is limited because you are only allowed to use microsoft products.  The culture is quiet.  You can't get up and talk to another person in the next cubicle.  You have to instant message everyone and then you get into trouble when you miss a message or email. ", " awesome culture, interesting and challenging work, smart people but not so great management. lot of bureaucracy  Good benefits package especially medical ", " Great company, culture is challenging, lots of opportunities but its more about who you know, than what you know.   I highly recommend working at Microsoft, you will learn and grow in a culture that can be both energizing and frustrating depending on the day. ", " Working on latest technologies and tools. Cross team colaboration and customer facing team. Designed and developed eRecord Center management application for digitalization of employee, customers and  Acquisition\u2019s physical files into electronic digitalized record for 280K plus employees spread across 100 plus countries Microsoft offices across the globe. Contributed in Global Migration, Merger &amp; Acquisitions project for data migration and issue resolution at Tier 3 support for external customers related issues. ", " Microsoft is a company that really cares and invests in its employees and the community. Every day was a learning curve and a new different great adventure. My colleagues and management were absolutely fantastic! Cross-group collaboration is one of the greatest competencies required to be successful in Microsoft and people genuinely takes pride in helping each other succeeding. ", " Scale of organization, and company culture of high achievement and measureable results, offers the opportunity to take on big challenges.  Compensation plan, which has been undergoing changes in recent years, has warped internal company processes to emphasize individual achievement (or \"hero\" culture) over team dynamics. ", " I worked at Microsoft for 18 years. Like anything else that lasts for 18 years, there were good days and bad days. In the end, Microsoft was a good fit for me. It allowed me to pursue my passions, demonstrate my capabilities, be creative, learn, and grow in all aspects of my career.   The hardest day I ever had at Microsoft was due to employee issues. The best day I ever had was because of the impact I had with an employee. ", " I joined Microsoft as a Channel Incentive Analyst back in 2010 handling the India Distributor. I need to ensure all the queries from the Distributors were answered correctly and performed calculation of their incentive. Subsequently i was promoted to a Senior Analyst and a Regional Operation Process Lead. I was handling the Enterprise Market for the Asia Pacific region and i lead a team of 9. I need to ensure all my queries was responded within the SLA and payments were on time and accurately. i took on the compliance lead role where i will initiate review with the compliance team on business processes. I need to ensure that the productivity of the team increase and the process still follow SOX compliance. ", " Enjoyed the people, free food and flexibility. The job was just not the right fit and was not what I expected.  Hardest part was that nothing was ever consistent and if there was nothing to do; we have to make up things to do, so it made it hard to provide good support. ", " Microsoft is all about team work and a collaborative environment. A work life balance isn't just valued, it is expected of each employee. Employees are given the opportunities to excel in their job while maintaining a relaxed working environment and enjoying their time away from the office. ", " i used to work on my own although i was a part of a big team.  i learned to deal with different cultures  i had 3 managers one in south africa other in saui arabia and other in cairo ", " Fun work environment. Work load is high due to the fast-paced. So many new processes to learn. Great opportunity for a self-growth and move up the ladder. ", " This is such an amazing company to work for. The culture here is not simply about selling a product or service but pairing people and businesses with the types of products that suit their specific needs. They are dedicated to work/life balance and have some of the most amazing benefit packages, even for part time employees.  This is a great company to work for "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Microsoft is on-going a transformation and taking the right steps to be more competitive.  There is a winning mindset and a strong desire to focus on the things that matter, and ensure that the company delivers on those targets. ", "  \tResponsible for all site &amp; marketing analytics , reporting, KPI definition, performance measurement, a/b testing, &amp;   \tAct as the data-expert for all aspects of digital advertising analytics &amp; marketing campaign management  \tcampaign management for mobile &amp; online advertising product (Tag)  \tManage SEM &amp; SEO Budgets  \tBuilt the reporting infrastructure used by over 40 employees  \tCollaborate with copy writers and content editors to create content based on high value keywords  \tIntegrated data from Omniture and SQL into reporting dashboard  &amp; scorecard  \tResponsible for interviewing, hiring, training, and managing 2 contract developers  \tPresent analytics data, analysis, and recommendations to a large audience every week  \tRequires heavy use of Excel, Omniture, SQL, PowerPoint &amp; various social media tools ", " Microsoft is passing through a transformation phase. In order to keep growing as a company we have new challenges to increase sales into a new mega trends regarding to Devices an Cloud Services I have learned about sales discipline, the importance to be precise and accurate in sales. Co-workers are all aligned into the same company objectives, most of them shows partnership and willingness to help others The hardest part of the job are Internal processes. They are complex and hard to follow because of the size of the company The most enjoyable part is all the extra curricular activities the company does during the fscal year, whre gives you the chance to interact with other peers in a different situation than just work ", " Awesome client to work with. I have learned about various Operating systems and their inner details . Also i have learned about testing the service packs which would get installed on Various OS of Windows. We also had a chance to work directly at Client location at Offshore which gave us a very good experience. ", " They have their fingers into just about everything.  It gives you the ability to try jobs in areas that you may have a great passion for.  Great place for a first job. Teams are silod and used to work in isolation.  There is a top down edict to change to become a single company.  But, team vs. team was the culture before. ", " Getting my feet wet as a hardware/software tester, this was a great place to start having no previous experience. The work wasn't the best, and due to the nature of it, the hours were very up and down. I got my feet wet here and learned alot about the games industry which pushed me to branch out into different areas/companies in search of the best fit for me. ", " How can it get better.  I was paid to test and help create video games for the X-box..  Moral was always high.  Free drinks in the break rooms.. Gourmet lunch rooms.  My own office.. The only reason I left was because I landed a broadway show..  If I didn't get broadway, I would still be at Microsoft.  :) ", " I love to work for Microsoft it is very easy and reliable. I get up early and check my email rom clients and respond to them accordantly. I love to assist people with there issues so that they can enjoy the product offered by Microsoft. Helping Students to get the full potential of the software. ", " Walking into work was always enjoyable. Well lit location, motivated co workers and fun environment. The hardest part was physically taking computers apart and repairing problems. The most enjoyable part was seeing the smiles on the customer faces. ", " Market events by posting to online support groups, online calendar listings, Facebook, and other social media outlets. Contact press for media coverage. Draft and distribute press releases as well as media alerts about events.Utilize the entire Microsoft suite of applications along with Vocus marketing software. ", "  \tProduce the Daily Windows CE Build for multiple phones  \tDebug and troubleshoot build breaks  \tRun performance, battery, stress and stability tests on Motorola, Samsung, HTC phones  \tInstall the latest Windows CE on variety of phones  \tWork with Platform Builder  \tTake part in Setting up machines for WTT.  \tRun automated testing on phones and desktops. ", " Creating marketing plan Contacting the media Creating ads, brochures Coordinating the events Invoicing  Management Skilled management with 30 years of experience in the field  Co-workers Young professionals  Hardest part of the job /  Most enjoyable part of the job Evrything ", " The best area of the world to serve, Africa. teams are simple, humble willing to help able to learn. lots of business opportunities and chance to grow ", " Your work life balance goes down the drain when your project is close to ship date.  Overall you have to deal with lot of politics especially when you are trying to maintain balance with business and technical teams. ", " Generally good work environment. Some groups still have individual offices (great for accomplishing intellectual work), however other groups don't even have cubicles - just open spaces (very distracting).  Good benefits.  Most people get to work on products that have a major impact.  MAJOR, MAJOR negative: The employee rating system puts an extremely high incentive on being rated better than your teammates. It isn't enough to deliver great results - you also have a big incentive to want your teammates to perform poorly. If everyone performs well, managers are still required by explicit corporate policy to assign poor performance ratings to specified percentages of team members. ", " Very nice and diverse corporate culture, good bonuses, however the age gap between younger and older employees is big. Not many opportunities to bring new ideas:e.g develop current excel models or reports etc.  All in all a great global company to work for for 4-5 years. ", " Identifying and resolving technical issues relating to Office 365 - Lync/ Exchange/ SharePoint. Case management by ticketing and bug tracking systems. Premiere Support Services for Enterprise Customers.    Managed customer technical issues ticket issues and provided continuous support and timely updates to customers in accordance with service level agreements (SLAs).     Troubleshoot all Office 365 customer issues related to Exchange, Lync Server, SharePoint and Live Meeting.    Served as a third tier technical expert, providing analysis, resolution and escalation point for online issues.     Ability to communicate complex problems in non-technical terms at various levels within the organization    Worked with sales, operations teams and partners to gather escalation information and customer/business impact. ", " Excellent Training, great co-workers steady workflow advancement is there with up to date training on sales, customers, and also very helpful in ongoing your own personal knowledge of products and information. ", " lots of growth potential in career if you work hard aggressive schedules are tough on worklife balance  travel is hard on families fun and exciting work great pay high degree of ambiguity and freedom.  great for some and challenging for others ", " Microsoft is the best company I've ever worked for. The working environment is fast pace, productive and lots of fun things to do in terms of project work. I got to work with one of the smartest people in the technology industry and i'm honored to be a Microsoft Alumni. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Manage teams of engineers to build out a mirrored fail over Datacenter. Business Continuity and IT Disaster Recovery (BC/DR) program execution, including the development and maintenance of the organization\u2019s BC/DR strategy and implementation activities in support of management approved recovery objectives. Manages service delivery changes, problems, recovery efforts, transformational projects and enhancements related to Business Continuity and IT Disaster Recovery. ", " A day at work consisted of me working in the Repair tech and OEM department. I gained much more experience in OEM in terms of speaking with others by phone in order to conduct business. When I began the job, often times I'de have to learn how to do my job correctly using my experience because I didn't have much guidance, but the co-workers made the work day easier and actually made me enjoy working. The most difficult part of the job was communicating with people over the phone of various nationalities. The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to interact with my co-workers. ", " I enjoyed working for Microsoft, mostly because I love technology and the effects such devices have upon the human mind and body.  As a recent graduate from SUNY Purchase, I majored in Media, Society and the Arts. I was intrigued by the ways of which type writers, keyboards, Operating Systems (OS) and the overall engineering and software play a role with assisting or harming how human socialize, communicate and function.   Working at Microsoft I was able to learn how such devices worked and how each item has evolved to benefit their customers needs. I spent majority of my time on the sales floor selling laptops and tablets. When I was not selling I was training Microsoft customers with their new or pre-existing devices.   There was not any hard days or components while I was employed at Microsoft. If anything the job was engaging and promising.   I have learned by enhancing my interpersonal skills. Training and working with customers meant I must cater to their needs. The customers we had ranged from the tech savvy to those that were intimidated by the flexibility and advancement of the device. ", " It was work experience for two weeks. The place was good to work because I love kids. I learned how to manage kids in nursery, listening to them, understanding them and fulfilling their needs. The management was good to work with because they were understanding. They told to me what I should do in the Nursery and how. The co-workers were understanding and managing the Nursery well. The hardest part of the placement was to stop kids crying. The most enjoyable part was being the kids and working for them. ", " Good Work/Life Balance. My manager is good, but HR department sucks. The corporate culture is not that good for young and energetic people. ", " Everyday was a good day, the job was very flexible and i had to make my own schedule. Of course, i must be responsible to administrate it, and delivery my job daily. I learned how to manage information and talk with customers and clients, aiming the targets, and also, trying to solve problems as soon as possible. All co-workers were very intelligent and always coaching interns aiming the quality of the job.  The hardest part was to follow the same thoughts of the other experienced workers, and follow the same steps. But it was very important and enjoyable to work with good managers. ", " Job was epic.  Sat around with on screen instructions to help xbox gamers.  When we weren't on phone we were playing xbox games in the center of the floor.  Management was awesome, always willing to help and stay calm.  The only thing that sucked was that we got all of our jobs shipped to the phillipines because they were cheaper apparently.    i would have stayed with xbox for life ", " A typical day would be going to every wireless and electronics retailer and training associates and management regarding Windows OS and Windows Phone OS - Once back in the office, running statistical data and behavioral analysis on competitors and creating strategic methods to enhance customer knowledge and increased sales for Microsoft products. I am always working with people and being a team player is absolutely essential. ", " I enjoyed working with Microsoft.  Everyone is dedicated and fully vested in the projects I worked on.  I always had a sense that I was part of the pack, leading the way.    As a consultant with them I enjoyed the flexible work schedule, working from home or on the road if needed.  Offices are not terribly elaborate but everyone has a door they can close.  Getting the right equipment to use while developing was never difficult, as a company they upgrade to new technology every two years or so. ", " Military focus to become a smarter person, to gain independency and work as a group with peers and comrads.  Comrodity. Loyalty and achieve recognition. ", " good company to be associated with good global working exposure collaborative way of working process driven, tools driven qualified experienced peers ", " A super place to work, really I cannot criticise other than there is a ceiling in terms of opportunity outside of the US but I have had 10 great years and continue to enjoy my job. ", " Responsible for the coordination, management and control of pre-group presenters as well as the transfer of both technical expertise and business, to generate new business opportunities using technology. ", " Good place to work, need to improve office culture. Enjoyed working with account teams and given increased responsibilities. ", " Great flexibility for lateral movement.  I was able to live up to my potential.  There is a strong sense of community within the teams. ", " everyday scope for improvements process driven challenges due to org changes lot of exposure to various tools customer feedback driven ", " Depending on the role, you may have work life balance before Satya took over. Given recent reorgs and layoffs, nobody there can enjoy work life balance anymore ", " 1. Great environment to work with lot of flexibility around working hours. 2. If you are in a right team you get chance to work on lot of new and cool stuff. 3. You can easily switch teams if you get bored with current work or team. You can work in different technologies. ", " Managing existing account and develop new accounts to drive revenue.  Have had strong double digit year over year growth for the last three years. ", " Key Performance Areas:  Manage the 4 Microsoft buildings in South Africa Client Relationship  Contract Management  Technical Management  Soft Services Management  Managing Self-Performing Teams  Finance and Budgets  Managing Savings  People Management  Project Management  Asset Maintenance and Management  OHS investigations  Supply Management Governance  Manage the KPI/SLA's "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " This was another great experience, learnt a lot about the blade servers and  state of the art dell data center and how to diagnose hardware failures. It also let me use  the latest technology on blade server to diagnose various peripheral failures through diagnosis and  replacement as well. ", " The diversity is amazing. It's so neat to work with so many people from all over the world. Microsoft is like a very large family. The people are amazing and they make the job worth it. It's fast paced a lot of the time and handling a calendar effectively is and absolute must. Great Customer Service is essential ", " Microsoft is a great company to work for, the culture is great, excellent compensation and benefits, enough flexibility for both vertical and horizontal movement. The big issue is individuals can feel irrelevant making small things in the big scope of products. ", " The company is moving aggressively in the software and cloud segment.  The working environment is great and flexible in terms of work hours and location. ", " There's very little opportunity to grow your career when org changes happen every 90 days and you're reporting to someone else. The health benefits are also not much greater than any other company (and it used to be the best in the nation). ", " Typical day I would help customers place orders online. I learned to be open to new things and how to work with out been micromanaged. Hardest part of my job is when the company tells us to ask if we have questions but get upset when we ask questions. Most enjoyable part of my job is solving the issue the customer had. ", " collaborating across teams, impacting and influencing multiple stakeholder in various parts of the busines and demonstrating how you do what you do to make the difference. the environment if very laid back; you're always allowed to be yourself; dress,style, etc. ", " - had to deal with AMS which is the company Microsoft outsource lots of it HR to. People not responsive, barely supportive and a different status within Microsoft which means no benefits - extremely little training for new joiner. You either swim or drawn and have to figure lots of things on the job ", " Great company to work for. They have the best health insurance that I have had so far. Had great management and was a fun work environment. I just wish I was able to work full time. ", " Responsible for setting your own yearly goals and working with managers to achieve them. Opportunities in IT to test software before public release. ", " Microsoft is not what it used to be.  It continues to offer unparalleled benefits and the opportunity to work on amazing technology, innovation and state of the art products. It still employs some amazing, creative and smart individuals who can make work fun and interesting; there is a lot to learn, a lot to offer and ambitious individuals have plenty of space to grow.  On the flip side, it is very big and unfortunately its management has not been ideal in the last 5 to 10 years. Gone are the times when cross-pollination and team work were possible, most groups have a toxic atmosphere where backstabbing is the norm. Its current review system is a big contributing factor to these problems and the executives' stubborn refusal to change it tells a lot about their management principles and skills. ", " Flat-model management style conducive to high productivity, team spirit and continued progress and improvement. Most enjoyable part of work was the commitment to perform excellent work with top standards. ", " Every co-worker : had things to talk in common. Every customer : willing to do business with you. Every manager : willing to teach and coach you. Every company event: joyful than anything. Everyday : new things learnt  I loved to work at Microsoft. ", " Mobile PFE, which means I don't actually get to work in any Microsoft facilities.   Worked completely on a customer site as a dedicated engineer on a team of Microsoft personnel in different roles. I enjoy the customer I support, and the challenges that come from working on a government site. ", " People at this company are ready to succeed.  As a result, the teams can be very competitive, but this means that every day you'll accomplish something. ", " the culture was eloping. one of the best companies as far as resources was undeniably abundant. Helped to reform abilities to critique my own work to see where I could improve on my efficiency and productivity. Culture helped create lasting bond between co-workers. overall great environment to work in. ", " It depends on the group you are supporting, but the people I worked with were wonderful for this group. I would say that there needs to be more communication from management when it comes to feedback about job performance but other than that I was happy with this group. ", " I provided technical support for Microsoft Excel and MS Office Installation and developed macros using Visual Basic.   I really enjoyed creating technical articles for Microsoft\u2019s Knowledge Base. ", " Main duties were assisting in carry out the product marketing campaigns. The company has a well built but flexible structure which allows workers to have a great variety of options to learn from different department. ", " The culture at the Microsoft Retail Store that I am employed with is absolutely unbelievable.  There is no petty backbiting nor is there animosity between advisors or managers. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Working in retail most of my life, a day at Microsoft varies all the same.  The interview: The process was different and non-traditional, arguably flawed in that approach as it seemed organized but lacks the professionalism to do a correct assessment. They want someone with a lot of energy, almost hyper..but not too hyper, and will sooner look over those with a passion for the company  You will go to a closed to hiring event, where you are assessed for your responses, your eagerness, your excitement and your engagement. When you get passed that, you will be in a one on one interview, still looking for the previous qualifiers they will also do the traditional look over with your resume, something most people are familiar with. But just like Apple, there are so many people looking for a job with them that you are competing in a room of people all vying for the same thing. The odds are staggering if you can't compete. Know this before you go in and craft your approach.  I worked for them in the past, and it was hands down the greatest job I had. Its retail; not a lot of glamour to the area but with Microsoft you feel like you are more than the typical and justly so. I was easy, moderately paced, always learning and fun atmosphere, and management actually manages...even retailers can learn from them when it comes to running a store. But with all that energy the ask for, there is that flaw, they have expectations. If you can keep up with them you will advance and succeed with ease. But if you can't, you will flutter until they get rid of you.  But good luck if you can ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> get a job with them. They open doors! ", " I was a contract illustrator drawing for the Encarta Encyclopedia project. I learned a lot technical/natural information because we were illustrating medical, transportation, mapping, natural information on a wide variety of subjects. Quite interesting. By the time the illustration was done I KNEW the information. ", " great place to work, great people, fun environment. enjoyed he culture. Helps you develop your skills and build your networks. colleagues were the best part. we also got free meals. ", " This is the Best Place to work. I have learned many valuable knowledge and skills throughout. The management are professional and understanding. My co-workers and I always unite as a team. The hardest part of the job are nothing really. The most enjoyable part of the job is everyday business. ", " A typical day would start with reviewing my projects that I am currently involved in. Complete my task given to me. At the end of the day I report to my supervisor about my work and consult with the Project manager about my task. I learned new technologies when I was working in Microsoft Innovation Center such as Azure, MVC, Windows Phone Development, MVVM. My co-workers were very friendly and I was able to work with them with ease without any difficulties. Hardest part of the job was to learn by own whenever new techonlogy was there to be implemented in the project. The most enjoyable part of the job would be that I get to learn new technologies most of the time and was challenged by new things to be implemented in the project ", " They days of Microsoft being the del facto standard are behind them. The company is a little too large and arrogant to compete with Google and Apple but upper management is starting to change. Mid managers are still interested in one thing your funnel and license sales.   There is no training for Account Managers, so you are on your own to figure out everything ", " I've spent many years at Microsoft and have a great deal of gratitude for the personal and professional growth I've experienced over the years. The culture is competitive and that got both good and bad attributes to it. ", " Working for Microsoft retail has been the most exciting job I've ever had.  My typical day at work includes sales, and providing services such as computer diagnostics for customer with pc issues. Also fixing computer issues including hardware and software.  This job has a high energy and a great culture. ", " While I understand as a contractor the rules at Microsoft, I did not like how I was left out of key org change information (which was public, but not communicated to the contractors) and overall left out of launch celebrations.  Never felt part of a team. ", " First thing is the meeting around the coffee distributor and starting to talk work. Just after coffee, silence is the only noise that you car hear. All colleagues are under Outlook for the first contact with the laptop.  Till lunch time most of people are on deck.  At lunch, by groups they take only two directions : Outside or at the ground level to eat as speed as the first official meeting is in calendar.  Afternoon is completely different because the client prefers to schedule meetings after 2pm. Then, days can finish at 7 or 8 pm. ", " A TYPICAL DAY AT MICROSOFT  DEVELOPER INC. IS   COMMENTING BACK AND FORTH WITH THE ENGINEER. ENHANCING AND PROMOTING MICROSOFT INC. FINANCIALLY.  WHAT I LEARNED WAS TO TALK AND WRITE AS A DEVELOPER LIKE YOUR  SUPPOSE TOO. YOU COMMENTED ON WHAT WAS OR COULD BE A VER.Y TALKATIVE YOU COMMENTED ON ABOUT 2 TO 3 COMMENTS PER DAY  SUBJECTS  WERE WHAT OTHERS TALKED ABOUT. YOU TAKE THE TOPIC AND WRITE IT EXPLAIN IT YOUR WAY SO IT SOUND DIFFERENT?     THE MOST ENJOYBLE PART OF THE JOB WAS WORKING WITH MY HUSBAND. THIS JOB WAS A VOLUNTEER JOB.  I WORKED 4 MONTHS ITS THE MOST CURRENT JOB FOR VOLUNTEER WORK. ", " Innovative, leading technology, best business plans and go to market strategies with best talents, employee satisfaction and loyalty, good salary and benefits ", " Best place I've ever worked for, hope to go full time in the future. Very co-ordinated business structure! Happy to work for them any time in the future! ", " A GPTW winner for two consecutive years Microsoft Poland remains true to its values. The organizational culture is defined by the experience of respect and support and above all, true on job learning and development. ", " I love to work for Microsoft it is very easy and reliable. I get up early and check my email rom clients and respond to them accordantly. I love to assist people with there issues so that they can enjoy the product offered by Microsoft. Helping Students to get the full potential of the software. ", " Microsoft Store is a great place to start of your career in the tech industry. You get a ton of experience in Windows and they even have a great tuition reimbursement program. Highly recommended. ", " Best company to work for, and with some of the most intelligent people out there.  Paid very very well and job/work was very rewarding. ", " Day at the work would be at the store talking to customers and explaining about the Microsoft innovations, or doing campaigns in the city. I mostly learnt about the marketing as I helped to create the campaign. The hardest part of the job was dealing with nervous customers as older people who don't know much about the technology but think they know more. The most enjoyable part was working and interacting with other people. Overall experience was great due to positive and motivated boss who was pushing us more and more, to teach us as much as he could. ", " The beauty of Microsoft is that we work as a team (One Microsoft spirit). Using our software solutions to be productive on a daily bases is a strong showcase to our customers that our products are superior. I learnt the Microsoft selling process (MSP) and how it progresses smoothly from one phase to the other. Co-workers are very co-operative as we're all accountable on the same Quota. ", " Its a great place to work with a bunch of great projects. Microsoft just needs to get a handle on their future, purchase of Nokia was not a good thing for the company, because of all the changes in the company. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Overall a good option for employment within the Canadian software space Good training opportunities aggressive growth targets Perception challenges in the marketplace ", " Highly matrixed organization Microsoft Canada limited in its ability to function outside of Corps direction Great people, generally positive environment Growth targets difficult to sustain Limited room for promotion outside of Central regions ", " Full of smart people who are very approachable, great work culture ", " It's changing for the better now that Satya Nadella is asking people to adopt a Dev/Ops support model and focusing on customer service. ", " The people here is professional and open, many of them are really smart and creative. The working environment is really comfortable. ", " Engaging with fascias on a store level to promote products and engage staff to promote through advocacy Create and run store based incentives to further advance market share and prominence in said fascias Audit compliance in store to maximise investment opportunities Train staff to the full potential of their knowledge to allow them to in turn promote the products to customers Complete admin visits to major fascias including PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys to ensure Microsoft presence is in the forefront of their minds and ensure marketing messages are being correctly delivered in store All of the above is under the radar and although they are allowed by the head office of the major companies involved (O2, EE, Hutchinson 3, Carphone Warehouse, Vodafone and PC world) these tasks are completed through building effective relationships in store and gaining the trust and faith of the staff ", " Its typically a busy but fulfilling day at arvato(microsoft).  i've learnt how to become a part of the team as we work on cases together and keep the queue at a minimum each day.  My Co workers see me as hard working and quirky. i always  reach my daily target. the hardest part of the job is the really demanding hours, we do alot of 12 hour shifts. Overall i enjoy the job because it gives me challenges and i overcome them and learn new things ", " Microsoft is full of opportunity.   The company is one of the most cutting edge companies in the world.  They understand business and home users and deliver unique experiences for both.    The co-workers at Microsoft are some of the smart people you will find in the tech industry. ", " A typical work hour day was 7am-7pm with the understanding that you would be reachable online after these hours.  The most enjoyable part of my job was being supported by my Directors in thinking up and initiating new processes to save the company money and time.  I always had a reliable team that would support our goals and we respected and supported each other throughout my time at Microsoft.  The hardest part of the job was the work/home life balance and finding qualified people to do the job.  You can train skill sets but you cannot train laziness.  Management is tricky as you can't manage people to do work for you.  You have to motivate them to want to do work for the team and drive their desire to keep working on new and exciting projects. ", " It is an awesome work environment where you tell yourself at what level should I be as there are several talented people to work with. Exposure to several different information technology tools and infrastructures. Great environment to learn working in a dynamic and high volume development process. ", " I really enjoy the atmosphere and culture of the group I am in. The only real downside is being a vendor. ", " What can I say?  Microsoft was by far the most challenging and rewarding company to work for.  The chance to be involved with the most current technologies, training at the highest level, a great team oriented culture and benefits that were second to none. ", " Data Analysis Business/System analysis Microsoft Business Tools ", " Great challenging and fast paced working environment with great benefits.  Always working with the latest technology and current practices.  Very smart and fun people.  Good project management guidelines and methodologies.  Reasonable performance review process and very good total rewards program. ", " An excellent company to work for offering loads of opportunities for career development. Starting off in finance I moved into IT where my passion lies. As a people manager responsible for delivering on key strategic programs MS allows for a varied and challenging day ranging from strategic planning to tangible delivery  showcasing MS technologies whilst enhancing client productivity , with a huge focus placed on developing the people within my team. Organisations worked in always contained a richness of diversity of opinion and ideas which challenges you to think differently and accommodate different viewpoints while always remaining customer and service focus.  I received great experience there and made life enduring friendships and shared wonderful life changing experiences. I cannot highly recommend MS enough if you ever get the opportunity to work there. ", " This was by far the best place I have ever worked. The people were great and I was instantly part of a family. I learned that I had more to offer than just office skills. My Manager told me that he would have liked to see me as a Project Manager for the company, however i didn't have any experience so that didn't work in my favor. I wouldn't trade this experience for anything. They believed in each other and myself and compensated well. ", " As we follow Scrum, our day starts with a standup where everyone needs to provide updates on previous day work. we generally keep sprint small 2 weeks.   Initial days of sprint , team is mostly in design discussions and creating design documents.   Middle of the sprint goes in feature development and writing unit test cases. Coordinate with test team on new feature design and test case reviews.   In last, we write build &amp; deployment automation scripts. Coordinate with system engineer team for deployment &amp; support  in production. ", " was a fast paced job  learned new skills was a nice group of ppl to work with  lots of walking ", " the culture was eloping. one of the best companies as far as resources was undeniably abundant. Helped to reform abilities to critique my own work to see where I could improve on my efficiency and productivity. Culture helped create lasting bond between co-workers. overall great environment to work in. ", " Great organization.  Pressure is extremely high so proficient time management is essential.  Huge volume of information and learning resources.  Never a dull moment. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " The company as a whole provides is enjoyable. But the department in which I work (Office 365 Onboarding Center) is not. The project is  new and the management consists of people thrown together from other departments. All eyes are on the project as it may change the way business is done from a customer service standpoint.  There is no cohesiveness due to everyone clamoring for the spotlight. Leads and managers were not trained for their positions but thrown into them to save them from layoffs from other departments.  The project as a whole was rushed, therefore missing the start date promised to customers by a full month. Partners and account managers were not properly notified which causes confusion on the customer end. In short, the whole project is a joke. ", " Smart people working hard to change the world. Plenty of opportunity to develop organizational agility and figure out how to deal with and make progress with lots of ambiguity. Hard to navigate review process. ", " Managing and maintaining quality across western Europe in the Windows cluster ", " It depends on the group you are supporting, but the people I worked with were wonderful for this group. I would say that there needs to be more communication from management when it comes to feedback about job performance but other than that I was happy with this group. ", " Microsoft has an up or out view of the world. You are either moving up or you are moving out of the company. Better not to be too attached to what you are doing but view it as a way to move up and on to something else.  This unfortunately also means it's about looking better and doing more than your peers.  Your review defines who you are (at Microsoft).  Expect frequent reorgs. Different teams and managers can have very different goals and values.  Benefits are great, but expect to be a 24/7 employee in exchange.  Your immediate manager is critical to your success. Despite the rhetoric, the new review system feels exactly like the old stack ranking system. ", " I was lucky to have a manager early on in my career, highly suggest that I should move between divisions and groups to not only gain experience, but to use the knowledge I gained to help deliver great products and services in other groups.     Microsoft has mini cultures within each division, so moving from role to role is like moving between start up's every 1-2 years.     The upside of moving to new divisions and roles, you gain a ton of experience and can get promoted along the way.   The downside is losing upward mobility (e.g. lead and director level opportunities). ", " its normal day every day, routine work, come and look for the pipeline and the deals we have on going. check email and send update to clients. ", " Identifying and resolving technical issues relating to Office 365 - Lync/ Exchange/ SharePoint. Case management by ticketing and bug tracking systems. Premiere Support Services for Enterprise Customers.    Managed customer technical issues ticket issues and provided continuous support and timely updates to customers in accordance with service level agreements (SLAs).     Troubleshoot all Office 365 customer issues related to Exchange, Lync Server, SharePoint and Live Meeting.    Served as a third tier technical expert, providing analysis, resolution and escalation point for online issues.     Ability to communicate complex problems in non-technical terms at various levels within the organization    Worked with sales, operations teams and partners to gather escalation information and customer/business impact. ", " A typical day started off with reviewing, sorting, and when needed - respond to over-night emails. In addition to team and company correspondence, they also consisted of automation test results and testing done over-seas. Next, I would review my bugs in the database to see what needed follow-up on for that day. In my last position, we would have a daily scrum to sync up with all our teammates on where we all were in our tasks and goals for the project. This is also where we would make agile decisions on our workforce and re-assign folks or create new tasks to help keep the project on track for its determined release date. Before working at Microsoft, I was a video editor and award winning 3D animator. However, I didn't know very much about software development - just how to manipulate it to get my work done. Working at Microsoft, I learned on the job about how to perform software testing - specifically manual UI. In addition, I picked up a lot of general information on the use of Microsoft products and devices. I also learned a lot about corporate networking. Because I served on many teams, I got to understand on a deep level the following products: My Sync II, Point of Sale OS, Hyper-V, Zune, IE, and CE OS and many portable devices over the years. Microsoft is a big company, so my experience won't represent the company so much as just a small part of it that I worked with. My managers were all great and very helpful. Because I started after the company had matured, the managers were very good about work/life expectations. That made it a very safe environment to work in. They ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> all were hands-off management style - no micro-management. I flourish  when left alone to solve issues on my own and they knew to mange me that way. I loved working with my co-workers. We were all very curious people and driven to get our jobs done. Now, this varies from person to person, but I found a wide range of people to learn from and later to help each day. The hardest part of the job was the commute each day - lots of traffic. However, they allowed for flexible work hours which eased this most of the time. One other thing, when I was working there full-time, I found great waste in the tasks needed for the one-on-one meetings with my manager. The tasks were rarely looked at before rankings were set and yet that was the reason for the tasks. I found it a great waste of time. It was forced into the work that was needed to get done - which got in the way. When, in fact if the managers had a better understanding of how to better integrate this process - I wouldn't have wasted so much time. Coming from a background where I was pumping out TV commercials on a very strict deadline - I found the one-on-one process a huge waste of time. However, I do recognize the need to generate some sort of measurable results for employee reviews - this just didn't work well for me. I was used to my end product representing my usefulness, not side tasks. Fortunately, this last year they modified/dropped this practice. I don't know what replaced it - that was being still worked out before my contract ended. In the end, I found doing contract work there a better fit. Innovation and the people were my most enjoyable parts of my job. It was fun to be a part of the process to develop new solutions for people's needs and the sharing of that experience with my co-workers. It was also a great environment to learn in - it was encouraged. Another side benefit was the global exposure to other people from around the world - I loved that. ", " I worked in the tier 3 escalations department for Xbox Live customers. My job was very laid back but to the point. We had a quota that had to be met daily. My supervisor was very knowledgeable. ", " Could see myself having a long career with Microsoft. Co-workers were great to work with and the management team were very down to earth and easy to communicate with. ", " Most managers stress work/life balance and want to see the people on their teams succeed on an individual as well as team level. When you work for one of them Microsoft is a great place to be.  Sadly there are still too many managers who are just interested in furthering their own careers and who are sometimes just incompetent, and their opinion of you can adversely affect your career for years.  Try to connect with people who work for the team you're interviewing with to get an honest assessment of what kind of manager you'll be working for. ", " productive, co-operative and learning. Flexible hours, wide range of infrastructure, relaxing work environment. ", " Great place to work. Like the culture, people and process. Learnt the life cycle of projects. learnt many things from experienced colleagues ", " Microsoft is a great place to work depending on the job and people. Surprisingly, some of the people know very little about the technology they're working with, while others are actually the people creating the technology. ", " I was a contractor at Microsoft.  I loved the work; very challenging.  Although, it was very difficult to get hired as a direct employee. ", " It would be very exciting working with top talents in your daily work and havig chance to touch the top high tech in the world which could change people's life. Although the re-org hurt the company a little, it still can find its way. ", " Company hires strong people from whom you can learn a lot. The atmosphere is very demanding and the hours are long. ", " The company is so large and so fixated on targets it is very difficult to get things done collaboratively with other units. ", " The v - contractor community forms to get work done. One of the best relationships was formed with a Microsoft employee, with whom - in our copious free time, we wrote Project Management processes. I moved my project along and overcame multiple unforeseen  obstacles weekly. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Good environment to work in, You get to work with incredibly smart people on software that will be used by millions of user around the world. ", " A day at work consisted of me working in the Repair tech and OEM department. I gained much more experience in OEM in terms of speaking with others by phone in order to conduct business. When I began the job, often times I'de have to learn how to do my job correctly using my experience because I didn't have much guidance, but the co-workers made the work day easier and actually made me enjoy working. The most difficult part of the job was communicating with people over the phone of various nationalities. The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to interact with my co-workers. ", " - had to deal with AMS which is the company Microsoft outsource lots of it HR to. People not responsive, barely supportive and a different status within Microsoft which means no benefits - extremely little training for new joiner. You either swim or drawn and have to figure lots of things on the job ", " Competitive, fast placed, atmosphere with endless opportunity for those willing to put forth the effort. Open to change with tremendous autonomy. ", " Microsoft has one of the best Work Life Balance Policies in the world. The co workers are great and i enjoy a lot working with my team. The most enjoyable part of my work is to sell Xbox 360 to everybody. ", " - Contacting Schools and Institutions to evangelize Windows devices - Grew communication skills and pipeline management  - Co-Workers spread across country, so tele-communication is a must - Hardest part was meeting number expectations - Enjoyable part was travel and working with Public Sector ", " Fantastic learning experience, plenty of opportunity for growth and personal enrichment. Benefits are fantastic, as well. Lecture series at MS Research open to employees covering a wide variety of subjects across all disciplines. ", " working at the data center seems to be right for me. I have learned the logistics side of the data center, deployment side and break fix side of the deployment. ", " Very good place to work, with knowledgeable people, good ideas, and a flexible management structure. Interesting projects covering a broad range of areas. ", " Great peers, great team work and highly motivated persons. you need to move a lot across the city and that is the tough part of the job. ", " Good culture and facility for employees, provide free transpotation to employees. Would like to seek long term/perm position for this company. ", " Microsoft locates in Redmond WA which is a very beautiful state. The company culture and people around can not only improve your working ability but making friends. ", " Atmosphere was very employee friendly and well equipped with everything needed to get the job done.  Manager / Project coordinator was always helpful. ", " Long work day but always projects due and fun people to work with. Learned lots about software and interacting with other software. Managers were cool about working if you meet deadlines but you still had long hours but great environment and people. ", " Great team! Hardworking and committed to achieving goals. Culturally diverse and fun team events to bring it all together. ", " The v - contractor community forms to get work done. One of the best relationships was formed with a Microsoft employee, with whom - in our copious free time, we wrote Project Management processes. I moved my project along and overcame multiple unforeseen  obstacles weekly. ", " Microsoft is a great company, full of very talented people but it has grown very political and complicated. I think they have a chance to be relevant in the Smartphone arena but it requires a lot of innovation as opposed to trying to work based on the past. ", " I can't say nothing negative about this company. They are awesome to work for and really care about their employees. If you are so lucky to work for them you should. ", " First 2 years were fun, but as the organization grew, specialization and mission creep grew. Success there depends upon whether you have a good manager or not. ", " Innovative, collaborative &amp; fun environment. Great benefits Opportunities to transfer across organizations &amp; geo "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Supportive management, fun relaxed enviroment, great team enviroment ", " Working for Microsoft has been a good experience overall. Helping people make sure they get the right computers and know how to use them is extremely fulfilling. Unfortunately I have come to realize that it is a place that is extremely difficult to move up in and the management has recently gone under change that makes it even harder and not very heatlhy for its lower level employees. ", " Company integration still on going from former Nokia Mobile ", " The best part of working for this organisation is sharing the working space with professional individuals who share their knowledge and experience. ", " Microsoft cares about their employees and the balance of life. ", " Work days are very stressful if you work in the call center. Managers are good at stepping in if they need to. Co-worker are very close with each other. Hardest part of the job is the callers.  If you do not have tough skin, this will not be the place for you to work. Everyone on the MS campus appreciates all the hard work the call center operator do. Overall it is a nice place to work at. ", " Being the largest and most diverse technology company on the planet, incredible work environment with a very diverse campus of talent. ", " Microsoft is an exciting company to work for.   Good strategy - Cloud first mobile first  Great people  Rewards and pay are at a good level ", " if you are ever given the opportunity to work for Microsoft take it!!!!! ", " Lots of process work and cross-group collaboration.  I don't feel like I get too much accomplished.  Good work life balance. ", " Overall Microsoft is a good place to work at benefits are decent. As far as growing, it is little slow paced. ", " Laid back and flexible work schedule which allowed for great work life balance. ", " overall good people that want to do the right thing for the customer. ", " Typical Day included completing computer repairs. Selling Microsoft Products. Engaging in neighborhood activities. ", " I was chosen as manager of a newly created queue called One Team.  This entailed the ongoing task of creating and updating thirty-three templates that covered various scenarios and call generators, and responding to the clients and issues they represented. These templates became the response tools for Microsoft One team cases, and are currently being used as responses from Microsoft for Canada, the United States, and Great Britain.  Recently they were translated to both Spanish and Portuguese for use in Latin America. ", " Laid back corporate culture Best insurance I have ever had. Stock options and grants. Highly competitive salary Microsoft Company Store. ", " Good Company, unbalanced work loads, not enough opportunity for advancement ", " Very professional work environment.  Company truly cares about its employees.  Puget Sound location offers superior quality of life. ", " Tasked with collecting images for slideshows, proofreading articles, finding relevant information for articles. It taught me to work with and for people, and correct methods of collecting data. For work experience it was extremely beneficial. ", " Excited to work for this company as pay matches the work, benefits and perks are amazing and opportunity for advancement is high. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " I liked working at Microsoft because it was impressed on all the new hires in 1995 that it's employees were it's most valuable asset. The quality and depth of information provided to every employee was unmatched to any other employer I had ever worked for. Microsoft was sincerely committed to developing its employees to their highest potential. All that was required was a fundamental curiosity and desire to figure out how to turn a mountain of data into useful information for the problem at hand. Sadly a lot more intelligence went into figuring out how to game the compensation/review process. The results being a management style that rewarded never taking a risk and in those cases where risk was inherent to the project, make sure there were 'mitigating circumstances' or someone else to blame in the event of failure.  The biggest inflection points for Microsoft were when stock options were removed from the rank and file employees compensation. Then the DOJ and EU trials. Bill leaving the management to Steve was another change that reinforced a risk adverse corporate culture. Steve was great at exploiting markets and increasing market share but was not respected for his technical acumen or vision. Bill might have been repairing his personal brand by becoming a great philanthropist with Melinda, but Microsoft as a company suffered mightily as a result. ", " Microsoft is a large secure company to work for if you have a good manager and are on an important project. ", " Assist and educate customers as well as potential customers on a daily basis  Provide Windows and Office trainings   Strongly support teamwork ", " Microsoft has a culture that supports diversity and provides competitive benefits. Employees at Microsoft are intelligent and motivated people, with a passion for software. The services division of Microsoft is continuing to evolve as the company shifts to a focus on Devices and Services in the cloud. ", " A typical day at work involves talking with SME contacts, gathering information, simplifying complex ideas and concepts, interacting with customers, writing prose for online blogs, articles and other content, editing video, audio and visual content and publishing everything online to one of three major content sites at Microsoft.  I've learned the value of open ended thinking, I've learned agile publishing methods, and I've learned that there truly is no need to stop learning. Customers are always front and center.  My co-workers enable me to perform at my highest levels and I strive to provide the same service to them. Teams are strongest when everyone both wants and needs the same things.  The hardest part of my job was separating it from my personal life, I found such excitement and engagement it was sometimes hard to keep track of time.  The most enjoyable part of my job was working with customers directly and seeing the results of my work in their praise. ", " I joined Microsoft sometime after the Bing launch as an 'opportunistic statistics hire'.  It was a pleasant place to work, with intelligent and thoughtful co-workers dedicated to the job.  Within a few weeks of joining one of my co-workers took me aside and explained the review or calibration system -- which has changed several times but remains the same after each reorg.  Basically, it is the Jack Welch fire 10% a year to keep things from stagnating approach.  I soon learned why my co-workers were obsessed with this system, and spent about 1/2 the year on it.  Surviving the annual review is absolutely key for survival, and over time the place takes on the aura of Walking Dead after a zombie apocalypse.  Honestly, don't bother. ", " I would arrive to work in uniform (colors of our brand), with a name badge ready to educate customers as well as help them based on their needs.  I would be either on the floor selling and talking about our products or in the back training one on one for an hour with a customer based on what they would like to be trained on, such as, Office 2013 software, Windows Phones, Xbox, etc.  The most enjoying part of my job is being able to interact with all kinds of people everyday. Not only does it teach me to publicly have conversations but help me improve my communication skills.  Everyone here is very friendly and really care about you. ", " A typical day would include contacting residential and businesses to promote and sell the company's fuel, worked to targets and consistently surpassed. ", " Fun products Fun people Poor business unit management Great place to learn ", " Its a good job but there is not much room to grow and learn more at my current position. ", " Good to work for, It depends on the stream you are working in. Some systems or applications are still not using advanced technologies. Place needs more current advancements. ", " Great camaraderie with the other slaves.  Performance system stifles talent. Hopefully that is changing. ", " Microsoft has a strong talent pool.  However they continue to  use the stack ranking system for performance increases.    It was interesting covering international offices within the company.  However time zone work hours are strictly adhered internationally, while the US is expect to be available within their working hours; So scheduling business calls around the clock, 6 to 12 times a month was the norm.  The resources that are available to get your job done are outstanding!  If you needed to talk to a developer or VP about anything. everyone made themselves available. ", " Its Microsoft as you would expect it. Fantastic benefits, amazing culture and awesome people. The company takes care of their employees, hands down the best job I have ever held. ", " the work time is very flexible as long as you can finish your assignment. you can enjoy free pop during the day just be careful don't gain too much weight. good benefit  For technology, you can reach a lot of frontier new tech, very exciting work assignment all day.  you gets resolve challenge problem and achieve great goal with your hard work.  it's a good place to work in. ", " Work is typically good but not much technical. This company requires lot more transformation in its approach towards technology. ", " A great company! This is a good position which served to address various areas of opportunity for growth within the department. The position was far more advanced than the department was equipped to handle. ", " I gained more technological skills with this experience. Daily tasks including troubleshooting the xbox system and bill reviews. ", " Excellent working environment Good benefits Nice facilities ", " Excellent company to work for. MS cares about it's employees and offers excellent compensation and benefits. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " over all a good company,  work could be exciting in some days,  but not other days.  if you know how to increase your visibility,   you'll survive the review system. ", " Everything about this company is perfect. The people are smart and friendly and always willing to help out. ", " there are nice perks like cool new work computers and cell phones. ", " \uf0d8\tFull lifecycle recruiter - Recruited Developers, SDET and Program Managers for Microsoft Corporation. \uf0d8\tPartnered with hiring managers, discuss the position requirements and understand the ideal skill sets they are looking for. \uf0d8\tPlan on an efficient way of sourcing candidates to fulfill the requirements. \uf0d8\tInteracting with the candidates for various positions (Developer, Test and PM) matching their skills with the teams requirements and screening them as needed.  \uf0d8\tConsult and strategize with Managers and HR partners to support client talent needs and create a candidate pool. \uf0d8\tSchedule candidate interviews and build full-interview loops which sometimes could span across days, different Microsoft locations and time zones. Plus negotiating with interviewers on their schedules. \uf0d8\tWorked on various internal tools like HeadTrax, IV portals, HR sites to track the job requirements, candidates and their interview feedbacks. \uf0d8\tBe a point of contact for the candidates, help them prepare for the interviews and address any questions/concerns they have.  \uf0d8\tBuilt strong positive relationships with the Hiring managers as well as the candidates. ", " I am a team player and get along well with my peers. I see coworkers as a chance to learn from each other as well as a chance to team build and laughter for stress relief. I enjoy a busy day. I've learned that in any position I have taken in any field I eventually rise above and stand out in my area as I am a fast learner and strive for perfection everyday. The most enjoyable part of any day is overcoming challenges several times a day and striving to master my position. ", " By the nature of being so large, it's almost natural that Microsoft have a wide selection of things to work on. It's a bit of an odd one, though. There's definitely some internal issues that are being resolved. Management is not the best and the work/life balance is pushing in the direction of over working. ", " Great place to work, but there are difficulties with work/life balance. The people are great but the management philosophy needs to be brought into the 21st century. ", " Microsoft is an excellent place for an intern. The company treats interns extremely well, and there are so many ways to connect with people and do cool things outside of work.  Awesome thing about both my internships was that I got to choose what I worked on. The manager, mentor, and co-workers are all extremely supportive, and constantly remind you that this experience is for me to learn and grow (and their actions actually follow that statement).  The only thing I disliked about the company (or at least my team), was that not many people seemed passionate. This would be an excellent place to work if stability and work/life balance is the top priority (like seriously, I can't imagine a better place). ", " It was a temp job. It was an internship. The bonuses were great. I made $1000 because of bonuses. ", " Working at Microsoft has been a great opportunity. I learn new skills and worked with many new applications. ", " The job culture were pretty nice. Despite of the huge volume of working it was perfect. ", " I have been a Senior Program Manager, Program Manager Lead, Test Lead, SDET with Microsoft in various projects and in different divisions such as MSIT, OSD, Windows Phone and Skype/Lync. ", " Product teams strong, culture rewards execution and strong, vocal performers. IT focuses on systems, process, compliance. ", " Great company to work for.  Great benefits.  Lots of freedom, and tons of different products and tech to work on. ", " Terrible work/life balance (it's expected from you to work 60 hours/week). New senior management doesn't have a clue where the \"new\" One Microsoft is going. Advancing stocks with laid off excellent people. New ideas aren't accepted at all. Lost last 15 years with terrible HR decisions and now employees and customers are paying the price. Too many unnecessary acquisitions and nothing really new in past 15 years.  Microsoft is still back in time with Windows 95/98.  Only benefits are OK, but other companies are offering even better benefits. Overall not very good place to work. ", " Direct and Partner management, provide support and direction while increasing revenue and pipeline opportunity.  Manage the Multi Million Euro renewal Campus Enterprise Agreement Program.  Utilise social media to develop market opportunity and lead generation. Develop and maintain the strategic plan to meet or exceed the objectives and sales goals.  Manage the budget, planning, forecasting, marketing and reporting. ", " Like all technology enthusiast I have had a passion to follow and enjoy the progression of technology. Created a great experience and customer service. ", " Great company to work for. Managers and co-workers work towards the common goal of completing work. Fellow employees are a joy to work with. ", " A fun environment to work in with tons of free resources available to everyone ", " personal life needs to be compromised for work life. challenging in high pressure environment.  great place to learn and improve career. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " It was interesting experience working at Microsoft main office.  I was deployed at Redmond, WA.  This opportunity gave me international exposure wherein I interacted with employees of different cultures and nationalities. ", " I have to be very careful how I make a review!  Microsoft monitors everything that is said about them and they enjoy punishing people if they can figure out who the person is.  The problems that I experienced at this job cannot even be put in words.  There are major money issues with part of their organization that is based out of India.  People owe major amounts of money on their credit card and the customers make it appear that they had no knowledge of contracts with Microsoft to take that much money.  It not only shows the problems with Microsoft, it also has to do with Business Owners themselves.   Every word is monitored by Quality Control.  The problems were so complex that the Supervisors were not able to figure out the answers either, and would escalate the situation up to the next person.  How bad was it?  They did not even abide by State Law and made me work through my lunch. ", "  a typical day at work  what you learned  management  your co-workers  the hardest part of the job  the most enjoyable part of the job ", " I learnt a lot from my job and manger and the team were great to work with. Working as a contractor has it's pros and cons. Cons was you could lost your job anytime without any notice in advance. ", " The work I have done in the past has helped companies create and Implement their Information Technology road map enabling them  to focus on what they provide or sell as a company . ", " I had an excellent first decade at Microsoft and shipped many exciting products. Most importantly, teams had independence. This has changed unfortunately and the morale has taken a huge hit. It's all about limiting opex. ", " good place to learn in different areas if you can better position yourself. requires self-motivation. need to maintain a lot of internal network in order to find good opportunity to grow yourself. ", " Rover: Went to different buildings to allow people into their office.  Walking officer: Walked around campus and other satellite buildings to allow Microsoft Employees to enter rooms and buildings when they lost or forgot their badges. Checking locked doors to make sure they are in great working order.  Call in if something is not right with the doors. Making sure that people know we are there to assist them and not be someone\u2019s babysitter. Event Roving Officer: at the Safeco Field for a Microsoft event.  Security Dispatch Microsoft for 2 years: I was in charge of making sure that the Roving officers where dispatch to Microsoft Employee\u2019s to help and assist in lockouts and issues with other Employees.  Was at work on 9/11 where we had to call all Microsoft Satellite offices all over US and in Canada to make sure we had standing buildings.   Monitor alarms and send out emergencies to the Rovers and Staff to a building that could have a fire or a false alarm and calling 911 if there is such ", " A typical day at work is handling multiple accounts every day dealing with different personalaties and their business needs.  I have learned to be very patient and listen before speaking always helps.  Often times my customer's just want to vent on an issue that wasn't handled right instead of fixing it right away.  My co-workers were all great when I needed help or coverage they were always ready to help out.  The hardest part of the job is having the word \"Technical\" as part of my title but yet I did not have deep technical expertise. but I was able to guide them to the right resource when needed.  The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to visit different work sites and not having to go to the office every day and sit in a cubicle. ", "  Consistent 9 hour work days, 5 days per week. Varied week to week due to retail regulations.   Learned excessive amounts of Microsoft Products including Office, Windows Phone 8, Xbox, world-class customer service to all customers with vibrant personalities and salesmanship .   Ability to provide additional educational classes and personal trains. other retailers fail to deliver.   We took great pride in helping each customer by providing the best possible experience to all types of customers, varying from young adolescent children to old retirees.  Exhibited fun and evolving gaming tournaments.  the hordes part was simply, not having fun.  ", " Contract management with CSR skills ... Worked as back up lead training new team members as well as an escalation point for the team. Dealing with unruly customer can be a challenge at times but do able. ", " Opportunities to learn. Good for youngsters. Growth is limited in non-engineering functions. Lots of time is spent in meetings and presentations. ", " o\tPerformed problem-solving and efficient troubleshooting skills in Microsoft Office and Outlook (All versions of Microsoft Office installation send/receive issue in outlook, outlook express and windows mail, update and upgrade office system etc.) o\tAssisted customers synchronizing between outlook and mobile device using active sync o\tDemonstrated knowledge and effective uses of Support Professional tools, applications, and operating systems by utilize the Knowledge Base Article, internet and internal application o\tDemonstrated Support Professional skills by document case information into the Clarify and CAP system, utilized the intercom phone system, typing and verbal communication with front line support agent ", " Great place to work, smart people, excellent benefits, free soft drinks, excellent cafeterias with all kinds of healthy foods. ", " Monthly reporting and creating purchase orders has been a large part of the time I have spent at Microsoft. Variance analysis and creating  PowerPoint slides and pivot tables also was required. ", " I have had a great career here at MS. As assistants you wear many hats and always have variety in your job. I have learned so many more skills than when I came here. I enjoy being part of a good team and look forward to new challenges everyday. ", " The environment was great. You work with a lot fo young people that are energetic and fun. Advancement from Contract to Hire was difficult and it seemed like, atleast the org I was in brought in more people from outside as oppose to hiring form within. ", " A good technology company with a friendly atmosphere. The work flow is claim and smooth. The management team is pretty easy going. The best part about the job is helping customers with their needs ", " Customer communication was primarily through email. I acquired new software knowledge on Microsoft's Xbox advocacy regarding Accounts, Credit, and Purchases. I learned, taught, and provided my co-workers the best support to teach them the value of a Team. The Co-workers were the best part of the job that I enjoyed. The hardest part of the job was troubleshooting video content that were sometimes out of order, in the wrong language, and not received for the customers. Retrieving and finding the source of the problem was difficult due to the little information we had on some video contents. The hardest part of the job was when there was duplicate accounts that conflicted with customers making purchases. ", " Working in the financial department it was not very stimulating. However there is a great work environment, people are mostly flexible and there is a good work life balance. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " .i was working for 40 hours per week,i have learned patience and working i a busy enviroment with 2000 people on site.management was good and understanding. ", " It's Microsoft!  You know how it is there, Long hours good pay hit and miss with the managers.   Its a good company don't get me wrong, I just prefer to work with the smaller companies and help them grow. To be part or something that  I can see my work directly impact. ", " a typical day at work what you learned management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job ", "  \tManaging relationships with over a dozen partners exclusively to Microsoft products. With also developing many new partners in the process.  \tManaging the concept placement and designs of different products. This includes; product testing, art concepts, branding, product placement, and forecasting. All products in my ownership have had 100% successful launch dates.  \tManaging all royalty reporting from all partners. Also communicating forecasting, coordinating QBR, roadmaps, contracts, special projects, and future growth ideas.   \tManaging legal contracts and amendments pertaining to branding, technical requirements, &amp; License Agreements. Update all documentation our partners would need.  \tLeading projects &amp; managing other teams to complete projects on time. ", " I worked at Microsoft before the CEO change and company changes that occurred in 2014. It was a very stable place to work, so long as you performed well. ", " Love my time at Microsoft, its give me incredible latitude to increase my skills and grow and a IT professional. They have many paths to a great and rewarding career. ", " As the Development &amp; Platform lead at Microsoft, I was responsible of promoting developer tools to secure the future of Windows. I  established local metrics, strategies and leverage stakeholders help to increase marketing budget.  I ensured developer tool adoption through mass distribution, workshops, social media and sales.  I was also selected to represent Algeria and participate to a two year young graduate leadership program named Microsoft Academy for College Hires (MACH) which gathered 600 Microsoft employees from 80 countries and through which he gained an international exposure and understood the importance of working in a cross-cultural environment. ", " They are the most famous developers of software world wide. However the work life balance aspect to a corporation like this one lacks. ", "  \tDemonstrate great customer service  \tMeeting given sales metrics for the quarter   \tTrain consumers on how to use their Windows devices   \tUse of problem solving and troubleshooting skills to resolve customer issues (Computers, tablets, cell phones and Xbox)  \tAssisting customers w\u00ac\u00ac\u00ac\u00acith updates and system issues     \tTeaching local Boy/Girl scout troops, home schooled children and summer camps in the St. Louis area on the subjects of photography, cinematography, internet etiquette, entertainment technology and computer history.    \tAssist in store visuals, reading Plano grams and setting up the store for new product releases ", " Responsibilities:  \tWrote C# test automation for WPF Ribbon Control using MVVC design pattern.  \tWrote WCF Client using MVC pattern to integrate team and division\u2019s reporting.  \tWrote Performance Data Collection tool in C# for WPF Data Virtualization technology.   \tOwned Performance monitoring and analysis resulting in 92% improvement in load times.   \tOwned Stress execution and triage operation for Windows 8.1 XAML.    \tDesigned Test Plan and wrote C# automation for MenuFlyout control for Windows 8.1 Xaml.  \tRefactored C# test suite of 100,000 tests to stabilize pass rates by a consistent 17%. ", " Great company to work for depending on what you are seeking.  Product suite is expansive, brand is solid, culture is multi-national. ", " Microsoft is a very big company in the world.I am happy to work in the headquarter of Asian in this company. The most enjoyable part of the job is learning from my colleagues. They told me how to organize my time during work. They also told me their experience in the company. According to their methods, I could work more efficiently. ", " Nice place to work with excellent people and good work culture. The shift with Dev/ops  concept is changing the expectations and culture in a good way in the company. ", " Been working at Microsoft since September 2011. Company culture and people are a good place to be. Plan was to stay until it was time to retire for good. ", " Microsoft is one of the bests companies I worked for. The team and  the leadership worked very well together.  I personally enjoy the divisions and the idea of time management and home office. ", " During my time with Microsoft I learned countless valuable skills and tools. While I was working a contract with a limited time frame, my responsibilities and pay expanded after I displayed my competence in different areas. ", " Good place to work at specially in IT consulting. Lots of scope for growth and advancement and would be perfect as a first job for new graduates. ", " I worked as part of a new team within office. The people I worked with were all friendly but there was a huge sense of pressure to meet deadlines, and daily feature meetings (as part of the switch to a more agile approach) meant your PM was always expecting a clear accounting of what was done and what was going to be done that day. This can be stressful for a programmer. However, the work was exactly what it should be and the pay was great so all in all a good experience. ", " A typical day at Microsoft in the Marketing department consists of working with Partners to sell Microsoft's solutions and software.  I work with Partners to set up events to invite customers and clients to either a Technology Summit or introduction to a software or solution.  Also, I keep tract of the selling pipeline and budget.  I make sure that our customers questions are routed to the appropriate person.  I also make sure that I tract each opportunity and the  sale stage of that particular opportunity.  I work closely with the Partner Manager to make sure that a certain solution is in standard and updated accordingly. ", " worked late night and on weekends also. Management was strict and not helpful. Learned to deal hard time "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Starting back in the mid 1990's, working the for company as a contractor was challenging and very rewarding.  The leadership was strict yet back then the products produced were history makers.  I left MSFT in 2007 after working a fte role.  The manager and group were really good. But they were outsourcing the entire projects to Hyderabad and my chances in keeping employment were not good.  So I left and went back to contracting.     Recently I interviewed for some testing roles offered on contract and found the groups way too extreme.  Unrealistic with working hours and expectations seemed overboard.  Thus change in management through the years caused poor work environment.  Developers now must sit in a room at small desks with 30 other engineers.  Not a very good place to build the next best software solutions! ", " Maintaining Sales Directors Calendars Many special projects Great people in management Learning all the new technology that was part of the job The people ", " Worked in the store in Danbury CT a long time ago. The store manager is very two faced. The hours were long and lots of time on the floor. Had many customers told me later that they missed me after I left. I saw them in other stores.  Co workers gossiped about everyone and did not seem to like their jobs. The training was not very good. Too long - 30 days of it. The end all was when I asked for more training and was told in front of a manager - \"Forget it he is almost out of here.\"  The same manager who said this would act childish and unprofessional. He would talk about you in front of you so you could hear him, make farting sounds and say rude remarks about you. He would then hide in the office if you were mad at him for acting like a baby. ", " From my perspective, Microsoft is a well-established corporation which has basically been riding its laurels into the current technology space. It has horrible/non-existent processes in place which contribute to the sometimes overwhelming detriment to productivity. There is also a very defensive/sensitive culture, which is exacerbated by the lack of individuals who really care about what they are doing. Management is generally horrendous and barely has a grasp on what is going on. Development of employees is also at an all time low. Soo much so it's scary to actually see where some of the more senior engineers are on a technological competency scale. There are of course exceptions but, generally speaking, they are few and far between. I'll leave my feedback at that. One look into the internals of Microsoft, especially the Xbox org, will speak for itself. ", " this is the kind of work environmen that allows you to work at you pace and have the freedom to go outside of your field of work to explore other things around. ", " I have spent most of my career at Microsoft. Job satisfaction greatly depends on your manager and group. ", " This is your typical first-party game studio with a casual vibe and flexible hours. The passion for car racing is definitely felt throughout the employees: lots of coworkers enjoy track races, follow car racing, or own expensive vehicles. The company releases a game on an annual cadence and works as a very structured, well oiled machine. Most of the management has been there for nearly a decade. The hardest part of the job is meeting the ambitious deadlines. The most enjoyable part of the job is collaborating and becoming friends with fun and laid-back techie gearheads. ", " Microsoft is passing through a transformation phase. In order to keep growing as a company we have new challenges to increase sales into a new mega trends regarding to Devices an Cloud Services I have learned about sales discipline, the importance to be precise and accurate in sales. Co-workers are all aligned into the same company objectives, most of them shows partnership and willingness to help others The hardest part of the job are Internal processes. They are complex and hard to follow because of the size of the company The most enjoyable part is all the extra curricular activities the company does during the fscal year, whre gives you the chance to interact with other peers in a different situation than just work ", " Microsoft is a very big company.  A big company can do many good things, but on the another hand, do things very slowly. ", " I was a Microsoft Student Partner. I basically represented Microsoft at the University. ", " Working with several culture/countires  give me an high opportunity to approach in different negotation style and way to approch the business.   Some challange to meet the different time schedule ", " I assisted customers with Xbox 360 and Xbox One, training, updated policies and guidelines, goal setting, daily strategies ", " Great place to work Amazing customers Great team Cutting edge technology ", " Agile Development Program Management  BI Platform development  BI Architecture including CDM, LDM and PDM development. ", " I never really got too much into the MS culture. Because it was only a few weeks after we were purchased that the new CEO announced  we were all fired.  Bad karma ", " Join Microsoft and build software to impact was dream since I was young. It is amazing to join it and know lots of talent in this company. ", " I have witnessed a new launch for Microsoft New search engine , conducted a full survey for the new software. ", " Microsoft is a great company to work in, the shift in cultural values within company is amazing ", " MDCN delivers great search features to the Microsoft Office365 cloud service. Have a great work environment with friendly staff, working some challenging problems. ", " I am proud to be working in Microsoft corporation and learned more in new technologies like Azure and PowerShell "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " The people at Microsoft know their stuff backwards and forwards.  They're very professional, very fun to work with.  I look forward to working with them in the future. ", " worked late night and on weekends also. Management was strict and not helpful. Learned to deal hard time ", " IBM is the company that built a lot of the professional technical and sales talents. The service department is strong enough to teach you all the required skills to be professional in delivering your job objectives. It is great place to start your career in. ", " This place is simply perfect. It offers cool public areas with beanbags and cozy couches, xBox with 60\" screen and a ping pong table. It also has private areas and meeting rooms for teams to focus and hold discussions. As well as, personal areas where all engineers have their own offices which is transparent not to let people be isolated. Every engineer is loaded with the best equipment one can have, in  addition to access to very powerful machines for heavy processing.  In this place you will definitely find the best computer scientists in Egypt, as well as the best software engineers. Everyone is the best in what he/she does. I learned a lot from everyone, and has been introduced to new areas and new technologies.  The hardest part about the job is the challenging nature of it, where you need to be always learning and gain more knowledge, as well as sharpening your skills where there is no room for less than the best, and that's what makes me adore that place.  The most enjoyable part is when I see my work shipped and interface with users, and get positive feedback about it. ", " Responsible for setting your own yearly goals and working with managers to achieve them. Opportunities in IT to test software before public release. ", " I applied for this role as I was moving to London, and after 3 interviews I was given the customer services role, which involved me cold calling customers with new offers from Microsoft,  answering customer questions, booking service / call out requests. After working in this role for 2 years 6 months I was promoted to customer services team leader for the inbound calls requiring onsite repairs, installations. My role also meant that I was also required to assist the outbound sales team with any questions that they could not answer, confirm business appointments and also reply and answer to any complaints that were made.  In January 2002, I applied for the IT Technician Trainee role as I fancied a career change. Here I started learning all aspects of Desktop support, Desktop Repairs via the repair centre and also onsite with a Technician. I also started to complete my MCSE. In February 2003 I was given an IT Technician Junior Role which meant I was able to visit customers onsite to repair their desktop systems and any other IT problem that they had.   Before this role I was employed by the Employment Service which is now known as JobCentre Plus. My Role here was a Customer Services advisor which involved me taking new benefit claims, signing clients on and updating the job board. ", " This was by far the best place I have ever worked. The people were great and I was instantly part of a family. I learned that I had more to offer than just office skills. My Manager told me that he would have liked to see me as a Project Manager for the company, however i didn't have any experience so that didn't work in my favor. I wouldn't trade this experience for anything. They believed in each other and myself and compensated well. ", " I have loved most of the role I have held at Microsoft. The work place can be very dynamic and rewarding. I have had plenty good managers and have met many very nice and enjoyable coworkers and peers. However, my position(s) have been outsourced two out of my last three contracts, That is the hardest part about working at Microsoft is the uncertainty and instability of working as a vendor. ", " Great place to work where work life balance is achievable A typical can be as busy as one would want it to be and as free as you prefer it to be given you have achieved your deliverables Very heavy on working virtually with the team! ", " According to my experience here at Microsoft I feel that I have grown a lot as a person and my business acumen has enhanced a lot since I have been a part of this prestigious company. My Boss is really encouraging and easy going, acting as a mentor and making me feel comfortable with the situations faced and allowed me to learn the techniques to overcome many challenges we may face in our day to day business life. ", " Was great in the beginning.  Great training and management.  Quick to get things done or changed.  But as the site grew, became more bureaucratic and slow. ", " Awesome job with great Advancement opportunities, awesome culture, great vibes, meet new friends, learn new technology ", " Great company to work for, but some orgs are just too political. It really depends on which team and org you are at - it's a huge organization. ", " You will work all holidays, and even in a community outreach / education role, you will work as floor coverage with little to no knowledge of the products. ", " They are the most famous developers of software world wide. However the work life balance aspect to a corporation like this one lacks. ", " - Contacting Schools and Institutions to evangelize Windows devices - Grew communication skills and pipeline management  - Co-Workers spread across country, so tele-communication is a must - Hardest part was meeting number expectations - Enjoyable part was travel and working with Public Sector ", " Microsoft treats contractors as disposable resources. The values the company places on people in low level positions is pretty low. That said some individuals treat contractors very well. If i needed a job i would work here. ", " Worked on emerging technologies and got opportunity to work with latest storage arrays and good environment to work and good opportunities are provided to grow. ", " working at the data center seems to be right for me. I have learned the logistics side of the data center, deployment side and break fix side of the deployment. ", " Its no wonder Microsoft have such a good name. Their people are smart and work hard. They have a fantastic working environment and treat each employee with the utmost respect. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Each day is driven by the Executives calendar.  I plan an entire fiscal year mapping to his/her Managers' Rhythm of the Business calendar.  I schedule the Executives' calendar a year out and more to include typical meetings.  This includes all of the work-back meetings to prep with Directs, to ensure no surprises or fire drills.  We team together to ensure the success of our Executive.  We work hard and play hard, to accommodate different work-styles and the work/life balance each person's schedule requires.  From am to post work, to during work hours:  1)  Brownbag meetings; 2)  Morale events; 3) All Hands meetings, where our attendance includes global team members; 4)  Mentor meetings; 5)  Key Management meetings and work-back meetings so that there is significant work time blocked to hold these annual/semi-annual review meetings.  The most challenging job, where it happens at every company, is managing space.  This is while ensuring seniority dates and manager requirements are respected and adhered to. I've managed moves from 40-800 people, from 5 buildings into one building, and scheduled 6 months to a year out.  Each move has been a success.  The most enjoyable part of my job is have my Executive and Team successful all up.  Everyone loves coming to work and at the end of the day, everyone is a successful contributor and they feel a part of a work family. ", " Being Technical Account Manager/ Service Delivery manager, the key responsibility is to look after all customer day to day technical support and operation issue. TAM is owning the healthness of customer environment. Looking to help customer to accelerate the deployement of MS technologies and achive productive use of on-premise technologies. ", " Very competitive and challenging envirnment. We look to the business pipeline and address all challenges in renewal. Team collaboration and effeciency is the focus area that we strive to achive in our environment. ", " People are very intelligent. However, lots of politics in this company. ", " GPG is a great place to be. There are opportunities everywhere to learn. Lots of opoortunity for job advancement. ", " -Management needs better communication skills -stack rank culture -racist environment ", " It helped me to realise I can do the job very well. Communication was the basic day to day with clients Providing their needs ", " Great place to work, unless they lay you off.  I had a lot of fun making a difference in the daily lives of billions of people through my test work on Windows. ", " this thought me multi tasking also and the management was effective in pushing for success. ", " Overall I would have to say this has been the best company I've worked for thus far. Can't think of anything negative to say just positive. ", " challenging job nice colleagues various activities cooperation ", " Day-to-day Microsoft is generally fun, though how much fun depends on the team you are working with. The company is slowly trying to reinvent itself for a modern world, and sometimes fails to grasp the basics necessary for this task.  The company is generally good to work for, but some times seems driven more by doing what's right for the stock price instead of what's right for the customer and the employee. ", " Should improve innovation, creativity and accountability at leadership level ", " Fun place to work. Great people. Co-workers very useful. A typical day at work started at 7am and ended at 3:30pm ", " Very fast paced environment. Always work beyond your means. ", " Good place to work.  Quick paced, always something new.  Very enjoyable ", " The work I did with Insight Global/Microsoft was very interesting work especially with working with all the images that were given to me and the other people I worked with ", " The most enjoyable part of working at Microsoft is that you are surrounded by very smart people and great technology. A big corporation can be a challenge as things move a little bit slower but it has the advantage that you can move jobs and still stay with the same company. ", " Typical day consists of researching new design ideas, discussing them with other PMs, and creating mockups to visualize ideas.  The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to put on multiple different hats and see the development of a feature from start to finish. ", " It's very fast pace job where you'll always have plenty to do. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " A great place for self-starters to do your own thing and be rewarded for it. The culture is very relaxed, and as long as you are getting your work done, no one cares how long you are at the office. ", " I enjoy the all center environment. This company sells itself, but is very cultural and rewarding. The co workers always worked together, the environment was always busy and professional, and everyone put in equal effort. The company compensated its employees well and offered various off-site training. ", " calls to wholesalers, strategize marketing for distributors, sales tools, training ", " They just wanted me to work overtime and forced me to things that engineers not do. ", " A lot of opportunities to have a big impact. The Quality-based discipline is now gone, being replaced by \"software engineer\". The new combined (dev/test/quality) position is much more focused on development and less on testing in an effort to become more \"modern\". Unfortunately, using the product and having the ability to represent the customer seems to be loosing to greater technical and programming ability. Time will tell whether this results in higher quality products. ", " GREAT PACE TO WORK!! It's fast- paced, I've learned a lot about selling techniques, management is wonderful and very helpful. And the co-workers are great to work with as well as very helpful and knowledgeable. The hardest part of the job is to contain yourself from having so much fun. The enjoyable part of the job is having way too much fun. ", " Designing and developing robust testing automation in C#/C++ for several Windows features. ", " Great opportunity to launch and manage a $240M project. Launched Partner offerings in 65+ countries Managed operations, marketing, delivery and day to day operations of the Partner Offering. ", " I did learn everything about Microsoft licensing. Very interesting  I used to call clients to make a review of their licenses Really good atmosphere at work Managers were so professionals ", " This is the Best Place to work. I have learned many valuable knowledge and skills throughout. The management are professional and understanding. My co-workers and I always unite as a team. The hardest part of the job are nothing really. The most enjoyable part of the job is everyday business. ", " Working inside Lenox mall is like working at Mercedes instead of Kia. I loved the clientele, working with and learning about new technology, and the management team were very knowledgable and had the team headed in the right direction. ", " I enjoy the freedom that the company offers as long as your work is done immaculately. ", " Organizational structure, management, and scope changes so much it's hard to get any traction. And everyone you need to talk to to get anything done is on vacation for a month. And no office space for vendors. ", " Working here at microsoft introduced me to what it was like working as a software development engineer in test, and my interactions with my teammates and more experienced colleagues enabled me to hone my skill-set. ", " Microsoft has an overall culture that is very driven.  When that drive is toward a cool goal that is also customer-oriented, the Microsoft experience borders on magical.    When the goal and/or management are more about getting market share for the sake of market share or revenue--with little to no consideration of the customer's benefit--working at Microsoft (any company) can be a drag.    Therefore, if/when interviewing, be sure to see where the group and management are in terms of their business priorities, goals, and measures of success. Your aim would be to make sure you and MS are in alignment. ", " Enjoy working with customers and everything there is to learn from day to day working at the Microsoft store.  Every day is team work, always working together to ensure the best possible experience for every customer that comes through the door. ", " as with most HUGE companies, the culture is set by the individual department/organization you work in.  So it varies widely.  I would stay aware from World Wide Pricing and Licensing (WWLP), any of the product organizations would be challenging and fast paced and you would gain great transferable skills. ", " I run usability and play tests for products and services on the Xbox One. ", " I was treated fairly at all times, compensation was excellent, and I really respect the fact that they would match charity giving.  They did seem to suffer a bit from a culture where folks were promoted who were good managers but not leaders and then they in turn tended to promote like kind.  I enjoyed the name recognition, was a bit jealous of Apple and Google and other companies that seemed more nimble, and dreaded the visits to relatives who put me to work cleaning viruses from their systems. ", " Passionate about creating customer-friendly web experiences. Experienced at leading multi-disciplinary project teams to deliver large and complex web projects. Organized and skilled at cross-team collaboration. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Fast-paced work environment that kept me challenged and made me love my job even more for it. I was a road warrior and was able to handle multiple event tours at one time while traveling to events at the same time. ", " Good to work for, It depends on the stream you are working in. Some systems or applications are still not using advanced technologies. Place needs more current advancements. ", " dress down, a lot of meeting and conference call. Flexible in time and depends on your manager, work from home is common. ", " Excellent environment to work and be exposed to new technology constantly. I loved working with Microsoft and l have learned a lot from the way they operate. Great coworkers and great work environment. ", " Great products, services and very smart people. It has a great new energy to expand Microsoft footprint to other operating systems and mobile. We have a lot to do but great people to work on big challenges. ", " Organizational structure, management, and scope changes so much it's hard to get any traction. And everyone you need to talk to to get anything done is on vacation for a month. And no office space for vendors. ", " Answer Phones Set up meetings using Outlook Catering Hardest part of the job was getting used to the office environment. Coworkers were fun and friendly. I learned a lot about Microsoft and how they work. ", " Great place to acquire knowledge base...a very friendly culture...employee learned to team together to solve some of the most unpredictable issues concerning operating system of all kinds. ", " Great organization.  Pressure is extremely high so proficient time management is essential.  Huge volume of information and learning resources.  Never a dull moment. ", " Sweatshop environment, with no regard to work-life balance. They pit you against your peers, and backstabbers and brown-nosers win. It used to be a good fun environment but since hiring upper management from Wal-Mart, the company is run like Wal-Mart. No value for talent, middle managers self justify their worth. They want to be seen as innovators, but no real innovation is recognized or appreciated.  I would not recommend anyone to consider working there. If you go there for having it on your resume, then get out once you have been there a year or so, before you lose your self worth or start thinking the world as as gloomy.  Its somewhat like North Korea, the internal propaganda will make you think there is no hope outside, that is how they retain their employees, because most are afraid to even look externally.  ", " Overall I would have to say this has been the best company I've worked for thus far. Can't think of anything negative to say just positive. ", " For a software company, Microsoft adopts very little software to run its and coordinate its internal teams and orgs. ", " Fast paced, entrenurial environment which helped with healthy competition both internally and externally.   Deplomacy needed everyday. ", " Was great in the beginning.  Great training and management.  Quick to get things done or changed.  But as the site grew, became more bureaucratic and slow. ", " Expect the Apple fan boys to pretend they walk into an Apple store to get their iPhones fix. But overall great place to work and lots of fun. A lot to learn too! ", " I learned a lot from my time at Microsoft and worked with some amazing people.  I take many skills and lessons learned with me ", " Was just a temp for a year while I waited for a position in my field. I worked in recruiting and the team was awesome and job culture is the best I've worked in. ", " Passionate about creating customer-friendly web experiences. Experienced at leading multi-disciplinary project teams to deliver large and complex web projects. Organized and skilled at cross-team collaboration. ", " I have been at MSFT since 2007, as an FTE and then as a contractor. This place does not care about you. The salary and benefits are good, but it can just be brutal. ", " Great management and co-workers. Great benefits, and support from the corporation. Always willing to support your ideas. Sadly, it suffered from the economy and retail sluggishness of the times. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " I enjoyed working for Microsoft, mostly because I love technology and the effects such devices have upon the human mind and body.  As a recent graduate from SUNY Purchase, I majored in Media, Society and the Arts. I was intrigued by the ways of which type writers, keyboards, Operating Systems (OS) and the overall engineering and software play a role with assisting or harming how human socialize, communicate and function.   Working at Microsoft I was able to learn how such devices worked and how each item has evolved to benefit their customers needs. I spent majority of my time on the sales floor selling laptops and tablets. When I was not selling I was training Microsoft customers with their new or pre-existing devices.   There was not any hard days or components while I was employed at Microsoft. If anything the job was engaging and promising.   I have learned by enhancing my interpersonal skills. Training and working with customers meant I must cater to their needs. The customers we had ranged from the tech savvy to those that were intimidated by the flexibility and advancement of the device. ", " Ok company to work for with great benefits and ok Advancement.Best part for me of the job is the people i worked with. The hardest part of the job is working with the management. ", " Microsoft are a great company to work for and have a great culture and people. They provide great benefits. ", " It was an enjoyable time working for Microsoft's Xbox Support team. I gained many skills such as customer call etiquette, professional (but personable) email composition, and time:work load management. My co-workers and managers were all very pleasant people. The environment was positive and friendly. The hardest part of this job was giving the customer a \"hard message\" or basically telling the customer that there is nothing we can do to help due to policy. Many customers do no respond well to this no matter how the news is broken. However, it was very rewarding hearing from customers we were able to help resolve issues for. It's great being recognized for your hard work and perseverance. ", " Xbox warranty service.  out-bound call center tools issues. ", " Assigned to the Enterprise Data Modeling team in support of recently acquired Nokia.  Good enterprise data model and methods.  Great team. ", " good company and tech giant, and lots of good knowledgeable people work here. ", " I have been a vendor in Microsoft for eight years and enjoy working in this company. There are alot of smart and hardworking people willing to go the extra mile to help partners and customers succeed. It is a good place to learn and contribute. ", " Microsoft is a great place to work.  In my job I am able to improve and create, to learn and to teach, and be all I can be.  Related to work life balance, it has it all.  I work remotely from home and am in charge of a multi country environment.  You are really able to enjoy what you do every day! ", " Microsoft was a fun place to work. They had a lot of different people from different backgrounds working. Had friendly co-workers. the most enjoyable part of the job was getting to work in teams with different people ", " log in system began case work, learned how to use new systems apps for the job, coworkers easy approachable. there was not a had part of the job , most enjoyed helping customers ", " Great team! Hardworking and committed to achieving goals. Culturally diverse and fun team events to bring it all together. ", " This was and is a fast paced action packed exciting environment. Constantly thriving with an abundance of energy. ", " My first assignment was to deliver a \u201cBig Bet\u201d project for the Learning domain for partners. This was delivered on time within budget with an excellent feedback from all stake holders increasing the CPE by 20 % which gave the India team end to end ownership of the learning domain. This project set the path for next assignments that landed on my plate \u2013 to transform the \u201cPartner Dashboard\u201d application and the \u201cPartner Portal\u201d to the next generation system to scale up to the business needs. Some key recent assignments were to migrate Partner Portal on SharePoint 2013 which not only increased the customer partner experience, but also reduced business cost by 30 % by not having to have dependency on engineering cycles for content changes and reducing the publishing pain with older process. My other assignments were on Key area in the Sales and Marketing division \u2013 which is on the Lead to Order process which is a key project to enables revenue for Microsoft IT. This is on Dynamics CRM technology and a combination of other technologies like sliver light and SQL server to complement the diverse business needs. Some of the recent programs was again on SharePoint platform (MASS, Partner PORTAL, Membership. Next and OEM Portals, building complex BI and Operations reports for the OEM partners and sales force) with business critical functionality to be delivered as per the POR. ", " Rat race all over the place. There is whole lot of empire building in different teams. Microsoft waste lots of money and time in ego-centric development process. ", " According to my experience here at Microsoft I feel that I have grown a lot as a person and my business acumen has enhanced a lot since I have been a part of this prestigious company. My Boss is really encouraging and easy going, acting as a mentor and making me feel comfortable with the situations faced and allowed me to learn the techniques to overcome many challenges we may face in our day to day business life. ", " a typical day at work what you learned management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job ", " Very supportive and employee friendly company, ping pong and pool games in all the floors. ", " Good place to work. Can learn all the advanced Microsoft technologies. Very good infrastructure available. Nice work environment. ", " I've worked for a few vendor companies. Some are better than others. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " i learned how to photocopy, print, laminate, scan, bind, record daily sales, and even my typing skills improved. ", " Great place to work with advance Technologies.  Is fantastic the way in where we can work with a lot of professional personnel. ", " A very competitive, high target phased environment with pressure from management. ", " I was working as a tool developer in Microsoft. It's the best company ever. Best co-worker, employees and managers. I'm loving it. ", " Management has very poor managerial skills. Treat employees as objects not people. Promises made but not kept. Very disappointed in a company this size. Been in the technology business for 20+ years and have never been treated the way Microsoft treats its staff. ", " Working in any position that requires you to have customer service skills can be at times, stressful and overwhelming, especially when you are dealing with struggling or upset customers. Knowing how to properly develop these skills will help you to excel in any customer service position, regardless of your responsibility and the type of customers you are working with each day. ", " The job is a great way to gain knowledge in customer service, accounts, and technical support ", " Awesome job with great Advancement opportunities, awesome culture, great vibes, meet new friends, learn new technology ", " - Collaborated in internal calendar design. - Helped develop the marketing plan and communication strategy for 2012/2013. - Created and executed internal surveys among employees. - Prepared reports on the internal activities of the subsidiary for the ROI. - Aided in testing verification of system modifications in the laboratory prior to its deployment in the field. - Provided customer support and performed service visits. ", " normal experience on presentation hardest part was to meet dead line the enjoyable part of the job was the flexible schedule ", " Although \"Working\" as a Xbox Ambassador doesn't give pay and is totally optional to the person it does give amazing opportunities to advance in or start to get some experience in Communication Skills and Social Skills for Customer Care.  All the work you do is done by your own schedule meaning if you want you can start at 12 at night it wouldn't matter and there's no timer it's simply as if you were a Moderator answering questions and helping someone find their issues or problems and fix them.  Overall my time as a Xbox Ambassador has thought me amazing things in those two skill sets and given me a more in depth meaning of what it means to be in the Customer Care and Support business. ", " Nice place to work, everyone was very supportive and helpful. ", " Nice environment could have been the worlds dream job with better management placement. ", "  \tRe-image 35,000 Windows XP &amp; 7 machines to Windows 7 64 bit OS, and perform ALL necessary upgrade and change requests per users ", " Great team, challenging workload. Diverse group of personalities driving towards a common goal of changing the hearts and minds of consumers and businesses. ", " Great place to work.  Super smart people.  Management needs to help in career growth. ", " I evolved my role this year into a Portfolio Manager to manage ideas that came through our work intake pipeline. There were total 10 project all at a global scale, spanning offshore and onshore resources that were delivered under my direct or indirect supervision.   I extended my role to managing organizational activities that fall in the Business Management function. I managed: 1.Offsite (Team formation) 2.Team Commitments 3. Executive Review 4.Stakehlder Buy in 5.Timeline targets 6.Budget for the team (Travel/Training) 7.Vendor and FTE Hiring  8.SOW Management 9.Invoice Management 10.ROB (Monthly Newsletters and Reviews)  I supported all my team members within and across the organizations whenever I was asked to help out either in the capacity of managing programs, as a SME or to mitigate risks and put projects back on track. I also initiated a SCRUM Certification effort for all Senior PM's within the Organization and completed that effort in 60 days. Our PM Team are Certified Scrum Masters. Additionally, I have maintained by PMP Certification and my Application for Agile Program Manager Certification has been approved by the Project Management Institute.   I love working as a team, the collaboration and feeling of accomplishing things together. Helping each other and team members succeed is what I enjoy most.   I am challenged by non-value add process and systems and places where there is a lack of ownership to solve problems. ", " Microsoft offers an opportunity to impact &amp; influence the world through its products &amp; services. Great place to learn and develop individually. ", " Microsoft is a good company to work for if you are NOT a vendor ", " Working in retail most of my life, a day at Microsoft varies all the same.  The interview: The process was different and non-traditional, arguably flawed in that approach as it seemed organized but lacks the professionalism to do a correct assessment. They want someone with a lot of energy, almost hyper..but not too hyper, and will sooner look over those with a passion for the company  You will go to a closed to hiring event, where you are assessed for your responses, your eagerness, your excitement and your engagement. When you get passed that, you will be in a one on one interview, still looking for the previous qualifiers they will also do the traditional look over with your resume, something most people are familiar with. But just like Apple, there are so many people looking for a job with them that you are competing in a room of people all vying for the same thing. The odds are staggering if you can't compete. Know this before you go in and craft your approach.  I worked for them in the past, and it was hands down the greatest job I had. Its retail; not a lot of glamour to the area but with Microsoft you feel like you are more than the typical and justly so. I was easy, moderately paced, always learning and fun atmosphere, and management actually manages...even retailers can learn from them when it comes to running a store. But with all that energy the ask for, there is that flaw, they have expectations. If you can keep up with them you will advance and succeed with ease. But if you can't, you will flutter until they get rid of you.  But good luck if you can ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> get a job with them. They open doors! "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " You work hard but are recognized for your contribution. There is a clear career path and performance is objectively measured. ", " Truly a once in a lifetime opportunity!  Outstanding management, supportive team members and the benefits and perks are unlike anything I could have imagined! The training resources are limitless and you are empowered to take yourself, your career and your position anywhere within the organization.   Leaving only due to my husband being relocated for his job.  I'd hoped to continue to work remotely, however as front line legal support to the clients, they prefer to have on-site support. ", " \uf0a7\tAccount management of Microsoft\u2019s customers to develop quality sales opportunities (through inbound and outbound contact) and grow revenue.  \uf0a7\tMaintains a breadth of interaction across all dedicated accounts but ability to focus engagement on the high-revenue potential customers and build solution selling framework \uf0a7\tBuilds relationships and rapport with customers and develops an understanding of the customer\u2019s business to establish credibility  \uf0a7\tResponsible for managing the customer \u2018contact\u2019 satisfaction and providing a consistent experience for Microsoft\u2019s customers \uf0a7\tReviews and manages customer\u2019s Activities and opportunities to maximize effectiveness and the productivity of the customer contact time \uf0a7\tAbility to establish quality time with Decision Maker Contacts (BDM or TDM as relevant) and address their business interests \uf0a7\tProbes and explores customer\u2019s opportunities and challenges through effective questioning and active listening; establishes an identified need; proposes relevant Microsoft solutions or licensing options to generate interest and creates a solid value proposition \uf0a7\tResponsible for maintaining current solution, GTM and licensing knowledge; understanding Microsoft\u2019s big bets and strategic direction to provide relevant advice and customer offerings  \uf0a7\tActive follow-up of self-generated opportunities to establish partner progress and customer satisfaction \uf0a7\tResponsible for maintaining the data integrity of the dedicated Accounts and Contacts; accuracy and clarity of data entered in the CRM tool  \uf0a7\tFollows escalation / transfer and complaints ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> procedures and works within defined Service Level Agreements; sets appropriate customer expectations \uf0a7\tActively participates in trainings and briefings; committed to self-development and continuous improvement \uf0a7\tProvides support for new recruits and openly shares best practices for the benefit of the Sales Rep community \uf0a7\tEstablish necessary business frame for vertical solution selling (example MBS), while understanding general customer\u2019s business pains ", " The interaction with the customers and co-workers... I learned a lot with new products and discussing purchases with customers. Management was on level to assist staff with areas of achievements. The hardest part was being able to work late hours. ", " Great atmosphere. Pleasant people. Easy to learn and advance. ", " Working for AOL and Microsoft Xbox and store projects has been a real eye-opener because of the intense educational and fulfilling work that i took part in me and my team of expert technicians.  At the beginning working as a tech support representative would involve  being punctual,staying overtime when needed,performing maintenance and diagnostic steps on pilot tools, programs and beta releases that only privileged agents had access to, to insure customer satisfaction and productivity.  I have learned in my total of 4 years experience as a tech support agent the responsibilities that come with the opportunity of a promotion and how to be work as a one unit with the team and managers for the same goal of surpassing all targets and growing and improving all of the companies services and structure. ", " Learnt a lot in this job.  Great management.  Free lunches, great people to work with ", " cutting edge work in working with ISVs on adopting the Azure cloud platform ", " The people I worked for really made this job fun.  The work was ok but the real reason to work for Microsoft is the people ", " Great place to work if you wish to pick up key skills to enhance your security career. ", " I have loved my time at Microsoft. I enjoyed the flexible hours and high level of trust instilled in employees. Employees are encouraged to \"fall forward\" go out on a limb and take risks. My coworkers were all highly intelligent proactive people that I respected. That made the biggest difference in my interactions. People acted extremely professionally and did not take things personally or get involved in office politics, that I saw... It should be noted I worked as a contractor (v-dash) ", " I largely worked remotely, and a typical day for me involved a lot of emails, several meetings in the afternoon (all attended virtually via Lync), and the occasional IM. When not wallowing in administrivia, I spent a lot of time thinking about and documenting ways we could do things better, and then working through others to put the changes in place.  Microsoft really matured me as an employee, as I learned to work at a level of professionalism that I had not before. It wasn't enough to be smart; I also had to be articulate and persuasive; I had to be strategic and understand how my work not only solved the problem at hand but set us up for future success.  Generally, I found management to be supportive. They existed to facilitate my work, trusting me to do the right thing, and working to cut down obstacles or provide air cover so that I could deliver my work.  I had some of the best co-workers here that I've had anywhere, and I consider them friends more than co-workers. At a company as large as Microsoft, there is a mix of personalities, and occasionally I'd run into that other employee who rubbed me the wrong way, but I figure that I've probably got my own quirks that bug people, too. Largely, though, I found people to be professional and smart, but also fun and friendly.  For me, there were a few challenges that seem intrinsic to the company. First, I found it to be very political in nature. Recent changes (e.g. One Microsoft) may gradually change that, but there are still people there who have been there 20+ years and known only Microsoft who are likely to slow ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> progress in change. Visibility was key, and every review period required me to express my accomplishments just right to maintain the balance of honesty and sensationalism needed to prove my value. It didn't help that, thanks to the way reviews were scheduled over the year, a review basically covered only 6 months of work, the first three of which passed before I even had set-in-stone commitments for the year.  Second, despite the global nature of its business, it remains Redmond-centric and the best chances of career development, particularly for technical types like me, exist in Redmond. In fact, it was this obstacle that really has led me to look elsewhere for work, as I'm unwilling to move at this time.  All that said, I wouldn't trade my time at Microsoft. I got to work with some of the best technology available, got to work on the cutting edge, and grew professionally. I had great coworkers who made the job fun, even when the work wasn't. ", " Learned great skills and information; Politics and favoritism.  Stack ranking still semi exists; Need to place better leaders in leadership and management roles ", " search and repair on site the machines, maintain e clean and make preventive scheduled maintenance and repair history, controlling stocks of replacements, in my place i was alone because we make assistance preferential in the local clients,all over Portugal. i had a good partner ship we my other colleagues ", " Excellent benefits, they treat you very well. Positions within the Microsoft Retail stores are fairly simple. High standards, Clean environment. Great bonuses/gifts for all employees. Great training. ", " All Systems datacenter management for WARP systems, Microsoft Advertising ", " This was another great experience, learnt a lot about the blade servers and  state of the art dell data center and how to diagnose hardware failures. It also let me use  the latest technology on blade server to diagnose various peripheral failures through diagnosis and  replacement as well. ", " I had a blast working at Microsoft. Everyday after I had my lunch I had enough time to play Foosball with the other intern. Free beverages and a lot of other conveniences. ", " I enjoyed every day working there, great benefits, possibility to grow, but I moved to US and had to leave ", " Great Company to work for. I had great 8 years working for one of the top software company in the world "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " I worked at Microsoft before the CEO change and company changes that occurred in 2014. It was a very stable place to work, so long as you performed well. ", " Good culture and facility for employees, provide free transpotation to employees. Would like to seek long term/perm position for this company. ", " Microsoft is the best technology company and affects so many people. The spread of personal computers and the software to make people so efficient. This is a major contribution Micosoft made to the world. ", " Work days are very stressful if you work in the call center. Managers are good at stepping in if they need to. Co-worker are very close with each other. Hardest part of the job is the callers.  If you do not have tough skin, this will not be the place for you to work. Everyone on the MS campus appreciates all the hard work the call center operator do. Overall it is a nice place to work at. ", " Great place to make a lot of connections and to better stream-line what it is that you are looking for in your career. ", " I worked four ten hour shifts as an employee for HP working in a Microsoft owned data center. The pay was great and the job was fun and enjoyable. Although it was a graveyard shift job, the shift differential and co-workers made it very enjoyable. I highly recommend working here. ", " A very competitive, high target phased environment with pressure from management. ", " its normal day every day, routine work, come and look for the pipeline and the deals we have on going. check email and send update to clients. ", " Organizational structure, management, and scope changes so much it's hard to get any traction. And everyone you need to talk to to get anything done is on vacation for a month. And no office space for vendors. ", " Lots of process work and cross-group collaboration.  I don't feel like I get too much accomplished.  Good work life balance. ", " As a contractor at Microsoft, life is good.  They provide parents with a much needed flexible work schedule.  Loved it but they are capping contract length of service to 18 months. ", " Working in retail most of my life, a day at Microsoft varies all the same.  The interview: The process was different and non-traditional, arguably flawed in that approach as it seemed organized but lacks the professionalism to do a correct assessment. They want someone with a lot of energy, almost hyper..but not too hyper, and will sooner look over those with a passion for the company  You will go to a closed to hiring event, where you are assessed for your responses, your eagerness, your excitement and your engagement. When you get passed that, you will be in a one on one interview, still looking for the previous qualifiers they will also do the traditional look over with your resume, something most people are familiar with. But just like Apple, there are so many people looking for a job with them that you are competing in a room of people all vying for the same thing. The odds are staggering if you can't compete. Know this before you go in and craft your approach.  I worked for them in the past, and it was hands down the greatest job I had. Its retail; not a lot of glamour to the area but with Microsoft you feel like you are more than the typical and justly so. I was easy, moderately paced, always learning and fun atmosphere, and management actually manages...even retailers can learn from them when it comes to running a store. But with all that energy the ask for, there is that flaw, they have expectations. If you can keep up with them you will advance and succeed with ease. But if you can't, you will flutter until they get rid of you.  But good luck if you can ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> get a job with them. They open doors! ", " Lots of digital systems management that became very tedious. ", " Good work/Life balance. Great physical buildings. Positive team environment. ", " Take great care in the quality of candidate experience from initial point of contact to confirmation of interview day.  Maintain minimum level of compliance against candidate service level agreements and candidate satisfaction targets. ", " Technical Support for Global Microsoft employees. Extremely diverse support environment. Responsible for technical support in areas ranging from networking, operating systems,application support, email issues, remote access and many other functions. ", " Contract management with CSR skills ... Worked as back up lead training new team members as well as an escalation point for the team. Dealing with unruly customer can be a challenge at times but do able. ", " I love the people, company, and products. The most fun I have ever had at any job. However, I need a career with growth. Both professional and personal. ", " Microsoft is exciting and very fast paced. Management is more about making money than assisting you in your development. Extremely political atmosphere, almost toxic. ", " Everyone is very welcoming when you get hired on and always eager to help you improve.  For a Technical advisor a typical day is either being an Answer Desk Tech or Back of House Tech.  The Answer Desk Tech will assist customer that come in with computer problems and give them the best advice on how to fix the problem or replace the PC.  The Back Of House tech's responsibility is to repair the PC that the customer has left. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " personal life needs to be compromised for work life. challenging in high pressure environment.  great place to learn and improve career. ", " Great opportunity to launch and manage a $240M project. Launched Partner offerings in 65+ countries Managed operations, marketing, delivery and day to day operations of the Partner Offering. ", " I did learn everything about Microsoft licensing. Very interesting  I used to call clients to make a review of their licenses Really good atmosphere at work Managers were so professionals ", " I truly enjoyed working for Microsoft.  They taught me a lot of information and helped me to expand my knowledge and reach beyond my comfort zone.   ", " It is not same nice to work place as it used to be. Best people who spent 10+ years at company leaving in numbers. ", " I work in a great office with terrific people.  I have learned a lot and wish I could stay on.  I have learned quite a bit and have worked with very impressive people. ", " Pull, pack, and ship finished goods. Report directly to supervisor and Co-workers. The hardest of the job was contact with supervisor.Good part of job, help from other departments and Co-workers. ", " First 2 years were fun, but as the organization grew, specialization and mission creep grew. Success there depends upon whether you have a good manager or not. ", " Lot of opportunity to learn Everyday new learning great learning resources great benefits  work culture depends on the team and product you work on ", " Microsoft being one of the world biggest technology company and absolutely a mother of the most used window i learned a lot and am willing to share a lot ", " I like the organisation, they have good locations and generally are positive however there are limited opportunities to promote and I am super surprised this engine has forced me to share this information ", " Challenging, supportive place to work, great managers. Professional development, mentoring, well organized, great opportunities, flexible, positive work environment, able to work from home. ", " Being the largest and most diverse technology company on the planet, incredible work environment with a very diverse campus of talent. ", " Ok to work. Not sufficient transition to ramp up on new programs.No work life balance for vendors.]Vendor culture needs improvements.Zero job security . Mgmt is nto so great ", " While the compensation and job security leave much to be desired the culture at the office and fellow employees make it a great place to work ", " It is a summer internship program.  I learned Microsoft software development life cycle. However, I did not learn much in programming. ", " Great place to make a lot of connections and to better stream-line what it is that you are looking for in your career. ", " Working at Microsoft was very fun. It was relaxed and easygoing. Everyone was on the same playing field, regardless of skill set. Management didn't play favorites, and they were very fair. Coworkers were easy to get along with. ", " Working at Microsoft is a great experience. You feel excited to o to work everyday. You learn a lot on the job and know about the upcoming technology at the earliest. ", " Forward thinking company and a leader in many categories in the tech space. huge opportunity to grow and vast resources  for learning many things. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " The best job skill is not really doing anything, but making a lot of noise. ", " Create MS Share Point content for surveys, activities and more. ", " Always at the forefront of technology and innovation breakthroughs ", " Very nice and diverse corporate culture, good bonuses, however the age gap between younger and older employees is big. Not many opportunities to bring new ideas:e.g develop current excel models or reports etc.  All in all a great global company to work for for 4-5 years. ", " Highly focused, young and extremely passionate team turns up to work every single day, in their effort change the world around them in small steps. Its surprise that the teams continue to do this every single day and carries plenty of passion while doing it. ", " I have had many wonderful experiences at Microsoft with so many talented people. ", " As a test center and Library administrator an managing the internal employees how to schedule the exams ", " good learning experience. \"Good work/life balance, if you are in the right division or have the right manager\" ", " Shift work. Coworkers are easy going. There is always work to get done in an 12-hour shift. ", " If you are a contract employee they will terminate your contract without ANY notice and without fair discussion of job performance! ", " Been working at Microsoft since September 2011. Company culture and people are a good place to be. Plan was to stay until it was time to retire for good. ", " - Provide demos of windows features to students - Brand awareness around campus - This is the most fun you will ever have! ", " At Microsoft the work is both very demanding and rewording. It has been nice to see you\u2019re able to make a divergence, even if you\u2019re a contractor. Having worked in so many different groups (and types of positions) has given me a good view of the whole company. ", " Great company and forward thinking. Fun atmosphere and good managing staff. Friendly co-workers. ", " Microsoft is one of the largest and well known companies in the world.  It has been one of the best learning experiences I have encountered.  The only reason I would think of leaving and you would probably wonder why; is because 30 percent of the phenomenal individuals I have met are outsourced - vendors.  This creates a sub-culture that can be very dysfunctional and discouraging.  The vendors support Microsoft's vast infrastructure.  This is why the average rating.  I found all of the individuals who work for Microsoft to be warm and brilliant.  However, I miss truly being part of a team.    The current infrastructure of vendors supporting the infrastructure will never afford the type of opportunity and team synergy I personally need to thrive.  Additionally, the disparity between a Microsoft employees benefits/salary and a vendor's salary is vast. ", " I work for a spectacular company in redmond Washington.  Microsoft has provided me with multiple opportunities.  I travel the world and learn everyday about what a leader to do and know to grow.  I lead multiple people in the field and network with various different cultures.  It gives me the chance to cultivate my expertise in the industry.  A typical work day is filled with many meeting and face time with co-workers, training and travel.  The hardest part of my job is the time away from my husband and children.  The most enjoyable part is the amount of knowledge that I bring to the table with all the experience and time invested. ", " Microsoft is great company to invest your career at!  The culture I great and truly values work life balance for employees. ", " Its very political and not too much room to grow or innovate  lots of technology only good to work at MS   My co-workers are too busy to think of anyone else. ", " I was working from Cairo with CSE Innovation lab so i wasn't surrounded by software engineers but my co-workers in the office were not so productive. ", " They implemented the bell curve employee rating system there when i first got on. The culture and satisfaction took a dive after that when ratings became arbitrary and dependent on how much brown-nosing one did with the current manager. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Interned there for a couple month for an academic project. Very interesting place and great minds working together ", " I started to work at 9am on every work day with a brief conference with manager and colleague. The manager will usually assigned us the task to complete by our own. We discussed our task on the firm's internal online chat room. At noon, we have an hour of lunch time. If we complete task before 6pm (the regular end of work day), we report it to manager and get a new task, otherwise, we continue to work on it until finish. The whole company is full of positive and energetic co-workers that motivates me and make me work as hard as i can. The overall experience is awesome. ", " Good innovation of information technology in the social communication media. Proximity of advancement in the development of information technology. Good skills and optimism for authentic services. ", " Review scores done on forced scale. Team competition fostered distrust. Fun sales meetings. Decent raises (made up partly for low salaries.) ", " To keep it simple, Microsoft is one of the best places I've worked.  A great culture with great people.  The best managers I've had have been at Microsoft.  The hardest part of the job is simply living up to the standards set.  While at the same time, I personally was very passionate about what I was doing, so any difficulty seemed fun. ", " It's a great company to work for when you want to be a part of world changing solutions. Everyone is 100% committed and working hard on delivering the best results as fast as possible. It's a fast paced environment, where everyone has the liberty to manage their work life balance with the support of the management. It's definitively not your standard 9-5 job, and it gives you the chance to take on new challenges every day. ", " They days of Microsoft being the del facto standard are behind them. The company is a little too large and arrogant to compete with Google and Apple but upper management is starting to change. Mid managers are still interested in one thing your funnel and license sales.   There is no training for Account Managers, so you are on your own to figure out everything ", " Exciting, fast paced, leading edge company who provides excellent resources and benefits. A culture of smart hardworking co-workers. A rewarding career working with cutting edge technology and high caliber clients. ", " This event has bring developers together to work on their dream app for kick start the windows 8, such  great time to work with other developers as a team ", " Flexible timings. Good professional and personal life balance. ", " A typical day was always something slightly different the next day as new maps would be available. After a couple days it became a fun thing to do and realize all the work that is being processed which I, myself can look at it today and know I helped with a huge project and helped Microsoft Bing meet that goal!   The hardest part of the job was not to get going to fast through the maps or something small might pass you by so when I felt things were way too easy I would slow down moving across the map.   My most enjoyable part of working there was having a really nice computer , cool people to work with! , Working for Microsoft, Using a large amount of imagination and attention to detail.  ALL management there I encountered were very friendly and did their best to help all the HFE / 3D operators were busy , feed , hydrated , and encouraged breaks! yep!  Microsoft Bing really opened my eyes and working with other operators we were able to produce 1000's of hours of work to bet our goal of production. ", " Great environment to work, great co-workers. A lot of incentives, and employee appreciations. ", " Served only full time Microsoft employees on Microsoft campus.  Lots of wellness checks and referral management for employees to follow up with specialists. ", " Have great co-workers, good management, freedom to self manage self. ", " Phone mail, set desk   Billing - check que  Sales- All day, not the same routine accept for change of shift work.  Insurance audit, check phone for que, call or emergency. ", " I have been coding since the age of 15 when I got my first computer. I  been hooked ever since. I'm still learning and getting better by day, yet it is impossible to know and do it all! I believe it is important to not know a programming language, but to rather understand programming itself. That is the difference between doing a job and being a good programmer. Over performing just comes naturally to me these days, I always strive to be more efficient, faster and more robust. ", " constant interaction with colleagues and account managers, must be able to manage multiple and equally important tasks at once, colleagues are all very smart but fun. ", " Working for Microsoft, I learned that they like to TALK a lot about work/life balance. But in reality, the job always comes first, no matter what. If a project or certain tasks needed to be done in the evenings or over the weekend, then regardless of what else you have planned, you were expected to change or cancel your plans at the drop of a hat and work. The most enjoyable part of the job was working with great team members. The hardest part was watching that team get broken up in what appeared to me to be nothing more than pursuit of the almighty dollar. Prior to being acquired by Microsoft, our team was focused and dedicated to the principles of helping others, saving lives and making the world a better place. We all LOVED what we did, because we knew we were making a difference. However, after the acquisition, the focus quickly changed from helping others to selling software and making as much money as possible. In my opinion, success doesn't come from making empty promises and pushing software on clients. It comes from being genuine in your desire to help them and then delivering what you say you will deliver. ", " Excellent place to work. Good review system. Great benefits. ", "  \tResponsible for all site &amp; marketing analytics , reporting, KPI definition, performance measurement, a/b testing, &amp;   \tAct as the data-expert for all aspects of digital advertising analytics &amp; marketing campaign management  \tcampaign management for mobile &amp; online advertising product (Tag)  \tManage SEM &amp; SEO Budgets  \tBuilt the reporting infrastructure used by over 40 employees  \tCollaborate with copy writers and content editors to create content based on high value keywords  \tIntegrated data from Omniture and SQL into reporting dashboard  &amp; scorecard  \tResponsible for interviewing, hiring, training, and managing 2 contract developers  \tPresent analytics data, analysis, and recommendations to a large audience every week  \tRequires heavy use of Excel, Omniture, SQL, PowerPoint &amp; various social media tools "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " A typical day at work would consist of daily sales of Xbox and Surface. Customers would come to the store and ask questions about our products or would need help updating their OS on either Surfaces, PC's, Xbox One or Windows Phones. I learned about time management and a lot of leadership. By making sure the store stays on top with sales or promotions I would email the team making sure we stay up to par and making sure we give the right information to our customers. The hardest part of the job could be having slow traffic at our location. Slow traffic could usually occur during the beginning of the week but by having limited customers we would do whatever it takes to get the sale as well as having attachments. Most enjoyable part of the job is interacting with customers about the Xbox One. Being able to show customers the greatness of the Xbox One and showing them how efficient it can be for our customers really excite me. ", " Great company, challenging work ...  Office politics and stack ranking needs to be controlled. ", " Microsoft Webtv- Inbound phone technical support/customer service, ranging from internet connectivity issues, email, FAQ's, sales, troubleshooting hardware, software and making sure the customer's experience was a positive one.  Webtv is an old service Microsoft doesn't even make anymore but I learned all the remote codes to get the set top box to perform multiple functions the end user requested. I learned to treat the customer how you would like to be treated. (customer service)  Management was great. Very supportive. Positive.   Work environment. I liked my co-workers and manager. Of course helping the customer resolve their issue so they don't have to call back and just enjoy their service. ", " i can work in all type of envirnment. i learned cisco microsoft and computer networking. ", " A very good learning experience, with a great corporate culture. The hardest part was a healthy work/life balance. ", " There are times a interesting problem will come up and solving it provides good value to company and personal satisfaction. Yet these opportunities seems rare and far between. ", " This association is really like a growing production company where people work with passion ", " working as an intern at microsoft was always fun, peers were every supportive. The training sessions were always so informative. The hardest part of the job was to create apps over night and presenting it to boss on office 360. The best part was winning the windows hackathon (2012) in our region karachi. ", " Corporate culture kills the employees, does not foster a team environment, the review process kills the spirit of collaboration - everyone is out for themselves ", " Amazing opportunities and relationships that Simplicity has in top groups at Microsoft. Day to day experience dependent on your Microsoft manager, Simplicity makes an effort to bridge the gap and reach out for feedback but it is ultimately up to you. As in all consulting, job security is iffy, but if you build your network as you go and save for the breaks of employment you incur, you will love it. The pay is much higher then FTE roles at other companies. ", " CSR AGENT SUPPORTED BOTH SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE APPLICATIONS TO HELP CUSTOMERS GET ON LINE ", " Casual dress Creating compelling campaigns Collaborating with diverse stakeholders Launching exciting new apps Data-driven content choices ", " A good technology company with a friendly atmosphere. The work flow is claim and smooth. The management team is pretty easy going. The best part about the job is helping customers with their needs ", " Travel is fun if you really want to go places Challenging project line up Multi dimensional client profiles ", " Fast pace, very busy place to work.  Learned valuable technical and career skills. ", " Most people I worked with in Microsoft are talented workers, good leadership ", " This is a fun environment to in. They make sure you trained as well as cross-trained so your not \"Not in the know\".  I would love to work for them again ", " best employer ever has to be best job ever. Have every opportunity to strive and advance in my position. ", " In order to compete you need to be willing to give everything you have, at all hours, in an often difficult to navigate atmosphere. But, if you succeed, you are richly rewarded and helping change the world. ", " As the Development &amp; Platform lead at Microsoft, I was responsible of promoting developer tools to secure the future of Windows. I  established local metrics, strategies and leverage stakeholders help to increase marketing budget.  I ensured developer tool adoption through mass distribution, workshops, social media and sales.  I was also selected to represent Algeria and participate to a two year young graduate leadership program named Microsoft Academy for College Hires (MACH) which gathered 600 Microsoft employees from 80 countries and through which he gained an international exposure and understood the importance of working in a cross-cultural environment. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Corporate culture kills the employees, does not foster a team environment, the review process kills the spirit of collaboration - everyone is out for themselves ", " Microsoft is a fantastic company with great benefits, excellent diversity, and exciting dynamics. I would recommend it to anyone. Too bad I couldn't bring my job with me to Atlanta! ", " I fully enjoy my current role at Microsoft. No complaints. I've been with the company for over 5 years now, on a number of teams and have been able to find happiness throughout. ", " Microsoft work very hard to maintain the existing software by fixing bugs.  They have good system of bug reviews and fixes. ", " Not only did I learn so much about the company itself but also I had the joy of giving others such as customers the knowledge of what Microsoft has to offer within the company and its products ", " Worked there starting in 96 on a contract and Full time since 98, easy going causal place to work but demanding at times. ", " As with all high tech companies, technology is the heart of Microsoft.  Experience is based on management and I have had good and bad managers, but overall it is a great place to work. ", " This company is run by a bunch of egos.  Rather than focusing on what is best for the customer, it's a political game.   ", " In reality, your experience here isn't about Microsoft.  It's about the group and manager you are in.  Each is very culturally different and my experiences have varied during my time there.     ", " good place to work good managers nice team had a very good learning experience good team support enjoyed working in agile environment ", " It's Microsoft, so you work with loads of smart people. But, it's very competitive and my group was very poorly managed. I had no interest in staying longer than a year. ", " Good facilities on campus. Many opportunities to learn and grow. Even as a vendor, one has certain amount of freedom to express and work on what interests them. ", " Arrive at the office and check in with other employees and find out if the main priority content has been pushed through the pipeline. Log In and check our localized CRM to view all content due that day and for the few days ahead. Assign content to myself then begin our process. Determine type of video and audio content and DGIndex appropriately. Create script and scrub through content looking for flaws in the video itself. Ex: Alaising Issues, 3-2 patterns, Trimming of Borders, Adding/Subtracting of Logo Bumpers, Color Correction, Conversion Issues from PAL to NTCS etc etc... Then process content to multiple formats such as, cellphones, xbox, sd verions, HD versions, etc. Then encode all content to the same formats as before. Preview all content to ensure quality, length, size, frame rate, and open ability. Fix any problems accordingly. Update content in CRM and move on to high priority content. ", " Casual dress Creating compelling campaigns Collaborating with diverse stakeholders Launching exciting new apps Data-driven content choices ", " This was a contract position, which lasted 3 months. However, I had a great time working at Microsoft with many intelligent people. ", "  \tHands on with Microsoft Localization process, tools, and infrastructure.  \tOwns multiple products. Tackling multiple projects at the same time.  \tReleasing localization builds for BingAds team on Monthly basis. Communicating with Test team and Core PMs to finalize on schedules and product feature list.  \tGoing over the product feature lists and create documents for test teams.  \tTriage, Follow up and resolve Localization bugs on TFS.  \tHandoff and Handback localization needs to localizer via MLP.  \tCheck localized XML files to locate possible localization/localizability issues.  \tProvide documents on Sharepoint sites to share common knowledge with the team.  \tProvide technical assistance to fellow project team members for understanding the process and infrastructure of the projects and tools as well as project responsibilities.  \tUpdate monthly schedule and feature lists. Coordinate with testers to make sure new features gets tested. ", " Strong technical skill set along with very good collaboration skills. Excellent in project management and always finished tasks within the SLA. ", " Due to Microsoft buying out Nokia, we got laid off.  it was a great company to work for but the comp cought up.  If it wasnt for Apple and Android, I'd be at Nokia now. ", " Served only full time Microsoft employees on Microsoft campus.  Lots of wellness checks and referral management for employees to follow up with specialists. ", " I been working at AJ's fashion as a sales clerk and a cashier for part time only, they opened at 1:00 in the afternoon and experienced so many things while working there. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " I go to local Best Buys and consult the store on the newest Microsoft products, train Best Buy employees, and sell Microsoft products to customers. I've learned a lot of product knowledge at this job. The communication between corporate and the consultants is lacking. My other consultants are professional and very well versed in our products. ", " Huge portfolio of technologies. Top-notch management and other in-house trainings. Always dynamic, and many skills and areas of technology to master. ", " The most enjoyable part of working at Microsoft is that you are surrounded by very smart people and great technology. A big corporation can be a challenge as things move a little bit slower but it has the advantage that you can move jobs and still stay with the same company. ", " Worked there starting in 96 on a contract and Full time since 98, easy going causal place to work but demanding at times. ", " i used to work on my own although i was a part of a big team.  i learned to deal with different cultures  i had 3 managers one in south africa other in saui arabia and other in cairo ", " Great group of men that I support from an administrative standpoint.  From purchasing product, understanding all the internal logistics and applications, travel, shipping, tracking, and event planning. ", " On the other hand - If you are young, fast and single - great place to start your career. ", "  a typical day at work  what you learned  management  your co-workers  the hardest part of the job  the most enjoyable part of the job ", " Awesome client to work with. I have learned about various Operating systems and their inner details . Also i have learned about testing the service packs which would get installed on Various OS of Windows. We also had a chance to work directly at Client location at Offshore which gave us a very good experience. ", " A comfortable work environment, coworkers encouraged new ideas as well as upper management Flexible hours and a very welcoming environment ", " Good place to learn how companies work on a marketing standpoint. Not great in terms of getting mentorship and guidance as a contractor.  would recommend to anyone who's innovative, a born leader and ready to compete against their fellow coworkers. ", " Great company to work for depending on what you are seeking.  Product suite is expansive, brand is solid, culture is multi-national. ", " As I did not work directly for Microsoft but through CPM I was placed in various different stores around Dublin but the staff were always so friendly and would always help me if i didn't know something or I had a question ", " How can it get better.  I was paid to test and help create video games for the X-box..  Moral was always high.  Free drinks in the break rooms.. Gourmet lunch rooms.  My own office.. The only reason I left was because I landed a broadway show..  If I didn't get broadway, I would still be at Microsoft.  :) ", " My typical day at work is a very busy day. for example, answering phone call, on site off site issues, escalating tickets,  prioritize level of tickets, etc. I have learned so much from  bosses and co-workers on subjects such as weakness and pride. I feels so proud  because I'm a part of this great company. ", " This is a nice place to work if you enjoy daily jokes and a tight knit community. A sense of urgency is a must at this organization and everyone is aware of the goal and vision of the enterprise. ", " Market events by posting to online support groups, online calendar listings, Facebook, and other social media outlets. Contact press for media coverage. Draft and distribute press releases as well as media alerts about events.Utilize the entire Microsoft suite of applications along with Vocus marketing software. ", "  \tProduce the Daily Windows CE Build for multiple phones  \tDebug and troubleshoot build breaks  \tRun performance, battery, stress and stability tests on Motorola, Samsung, HTC phones  \tInstall the latest Windows CE on variety of phones  \tWork with Platform Builder  \tTake part in Setting up machines for WTT.  \tRun automated testing on phones and desktops. ", " good place to work laerned a lot good management co-workers helped a lot enjoyable place to work no hardest ", " It was the Best E X P ever, I love the management they are all stars! Thanx LOL Don't know what else to write, so Y O L O ! What now.... "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " I had great benefits at MS but the work/life balance was difficult for a family. ", " one of the fastest growing company of the world Real values: diversity, honesty&amp;respest, challanging environment ", " Amazing culture, work/life balance, technology and a collective group of smart talented people. ", " Wonderful company and staff I had a great time working there. I would love to go back. ", " The good: The pace of learning is fast - there's always a new product version under development.  Compensation and salary are competitive with the industry.  Thinking outside the box and creating new ideas and processes is encouraged and rewarded appropriately.     The bad: Management talks a lot of talk about teamwork, but the review system places employees in direct competition with each other via closed-session stack ranking.  Not a place for a person content to just come in and do a good  job.  Your advancement and longevity prospects within the company will be determined by what you accomplish outside your immediate job description and by how much attention you're are able to bring to that. ", " Good job, nice environment. Normal call center environment I learne a lot. Friendly managers Good coworkers ", " Everyday you can learn something different, people is diverse and multicultural. The hardest part is to close your computer because there is always a new email coming every second. The most enjoyable part of the job is the people. ", " good company, lots of initiatives world impact work. lot of smart people to work and learn from ", " Microsoft is an amazing company to work for. It provides several internal opportunities to rotate and build your career.  The people and culture at Microsoft if what I like the best.  The company truly strives to strike a balance between professional and personal life. ", " Worked there starting in 96 on a contract and Full time since 98, easy going causal place to work but demanding at times. ", " - Very Productive and collaboration environment. Great ethics and philosophy. ", " Good work life balance, stable, upward mobility not very high, some flaws in the management structure. ", " I go to local Best Buys and consult the store on the newest Microsoft products, train Best Buy employees, and sell Microsoft products to customers. I've learned a lot of product knowledge at this job. The communication between corporate and the consultants is lacking. My other consultants are professional and very well versed in our products. ", " Really good work and life balance makes you want to do more for the company. ", " Great company  Great environment and product that helps alot of small businesses grow. ", " Fast paced inside sales. A lot of team work and collaboration. ", " Best company I've ever been with. Nothing bad about it. Love the people. ", " Very Nice place to work, need more training and better data programs ", " managing 900 million dollar business in number one company worldwide! multitasking is a key with lots of connection building, managing the P&amp;L , revenue and building the right team spirits is for sure amazing! the working atmosphere is also in the cloud. ", " Very little direction and support from management teams. The company is too big and cannot seem to agree on almost every problem faced with. Too much management and giving misdirection and differing goals for the same metrics.   You are on your own figuring out what to do and where to get things done. There is almost no training or testing of new employees. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Good flexibility in where and how you work, good access to corporate resources and the teams that develop and engineer the products.  Good Executive sponsorship models in place for support across the board to win a deal.  Co-workers are all \"best and brightest\" with many resources to learn from and leverage ideas with ", " There is no typical day at Microsoft. Every day is a different challenge and the adrenaline rush can be exciting. The hours are long because as a global company somebody is always working. ", " I learned that the stack ranking system of management is the best way to get employees to hate one another.  They have since changed from this barbaric practice and I would highly recommend them as a great company. ", " Amazing 12 years.   Learned in depth DW, TSQL and whole SQL Stack. ", " Not only did I learn so much about the company itself but also I had the joy of giving others such as customers the knowledge of what Microsoft has to offer within the company and its products ", " Working here was the best thing that has ever happen to me,it was like working at home,because we worked like a family from the management to the workers were treated equality.we enjoyed facilities like free transport,food,public holidays and benefit. ", " Microsoft was a great place to work.  It allowed to take on difficult projects and the make clients happy.  It also afforded me the opportunity to manage a team. ", " Great work environment, they have wonderful facilities and the people was great ", " from the start of  my shift till the end of it, there was never a dull moment, everyone is always happy and excited for another day at work. I think it has to be one of the most enjoyable jobs on the planet, from playing the latest and greatest Xbox games to hosting incredible launch parties for new products its just an all around amazing experience. ", " Very relaxed environment, most things are learned on the fly you MUST adapt to your surroundings quickly! ", " More training would've been beneficial to the position. I was thrown on the floor and not really told what to do or how to do it. ", " Great time with an in store DJ, fun people to work with and you get to play video games ", " Getting my feet wet as a hardware/software tester, this was a great place to start having no previous experience. The work wasn't the best, and due to the nature of it, the hours were very up and down. I got my feet wet here and learned alot about the games industry which pushed me to branch out into different areas/companies in search of the best fit for me. ", " good people -- you need to like ambiguity  project based  diverse culture  changing priorities ", " I have a lot of fun in Microsoft, It is always something new to change and challenge our minds to do better ", " From my experience Microsoft Management states that they want all employees to have a good work/life balance but their actions to date do not support the statements.  Employees quite often get penalized for not working 60-80 hours a week as that is what Management deems as the norm.  While employees may be able to get their jobs done in 40, perception is that they aren't doing a good job unless they live at their desk 24/7.  Happy they decided to do away with \"Stack Ranking\" since I have seen many very good employees get canned because their peers know more managers than they do. ", " * Make use of a deadline which it force us developer to finish the all application per week  * Understand your work so that you will know how to present your application  * Be aware when to submit your application  * I enjoy programming more than anything ", " The only reason why I left was to go back and get my degrees. The people were great, and the benefits were amazing. ", " Very focused on Licensing sales, less and less value creation, very short-term minded management ", " Microsoft is so infrastructurally sound and incredibly resourceful. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Good company, good culture, free working time. good environment ", " Everyone is very welcoming when you get hired on and always eager to help you improve.  For a Technical advisor a typical day is either being an Answer Desk Tech or Back of House Tech.  The Answer Desk Tech will assist customer that come in with computer problems and give them the best advice on how to fix the problem or replace the PC.  The Back Of House tech's responsibility is to repair the PC that the customer has left. ", " checking all screens of xbox for Italian localization, Case studies, VUI testing, finding bugs for the speicific language. I learned to work on multiple things and report all bugs in different types of programs.  Enjoyed working with all different nationality people from different backgrounds. The hardest part was when many cases came in at the same time and only had a certain amlount of time to get them all done (fast paced). The managers were great and very supportive and helpful. ", " Microsoft Retail is a growing company with lots of room to expand and move up. My role was maintaining and correcting inventory levels, ordering products as well as giving the highest level of customer service possible. ", " It was interesting experience working at Microsoft main office.  I was deployed at Redmond, WA.  This opportunity gave me international exposure wherein I interacted with employees of different cultures and nationalities. ", " Too much emphasis on personal advancement, not enough, sometimes not at all on project, product, team or even company. People don't seem to care for their peers, even when they work on the same project. \"I am not going to help you because then you could get a bigger peace of the bonus pie, and I'd get less\" type of mentality. It is sad, things could be so much better. The company is aware of this and making efforts to change it. As usual, only a few bad apples degrade the situation for everyone else. There are a lot of good people here, trying to do the right thing. You better be self motivated here. ", " Contract management with CSR skills ... Worked as back up lead training new team members as well as an escalation point for the team. Dealing with unruly customer can be a challenge at times but do able. ", " MS has a great reputation however I am concerned about their ability to continue to innovate.  Company has grown tremendously and perhaps with this growth has lost a bit of its edge. ", " Beautiful office space in downtown Boulder. Productive and professional work group. ", " Always something new to learn and the culture/management believes in career development and advancement ", " This is a group tackling some very interesting problems, but requires stronger focus and leadership. ", " Forget about job security since it's contract work. Pay is minimal for the work you do. No appreciation, again, because its contract work. ", " Typical days at work involved a multitude of hours of either standing around or rushing around. If corporate management focused on anything, it was politics and \"chain of command\" rather than rewarding hard-workers or taking time to solve real strategic problems. Ambition &amp; drive is punished, whereas mediocrity &amp; general malaise is rewarded and encouraged. If you are someone who prefers to do nothing at their job and simply take direction without an urge for self-starting, working at Microsoft is for you. ", " Great place to work, good management team and great team work ", " Fun to come to work, staff is nice and helpful, employees help each other ", " very nice experience. Worked with talented co-workers. I learned a lot and was a valuable team player. ", " Good environment...nice location...management unfriendly and not responisive to needs of individual ", " Enjoyed working in Microsoft as a Contractor Learned about new things in Program Management Working with my Reporting manager gave me where very good opportunity to gain more knowledge Managing the teams remotely Working with Multiple teams ", " Too focused on internal perceptions and completely miss the need to put the client front and central. ", " keep 2000+ servers running flawlessly with managing their down time windows : in terms of security, procurement, configurtion and Tier 3 support. Have to come up automation plan for smooth handing-off to oversea teams. Web server, MS cluster, SQL, principle node, powershell, Visual Studio and many in-house app and various ticketing system such as MSE/ITSM/SR/SOC/myCapapcity. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Manage teams of engineers to build out a mirrored fail over Datacenter. Business Continuity and IT Disaster Recovery (BC/DR) program execution, including the development and maintenance of the organization\u2019s BC/DR strategy and implementation activities in support of management approved recovery objectives. Manages service delivery changes, problems, recovery efforts, transformational projects and enhancements related to Business Continuity and IT Disaster Recovery. ", " A typical day work with lots of challenges. It's not an easy work here but we get to learn a lot here. My co-workers were really helpful. ", " All aspect of computer related support including setting up spreadsheets ", "  \tHands on with Microsoft Localization process, tools, and infrastructure.  \tOwns multiple products. Tackling multiple projects at the same time.  \tReleasing localization builds for BingAds team on Monthly basis. Communicating with Test team and Core PMs to finalize on schedules and product feature list.  \tGoing over the product feature lists and create documents for test teams.  \tTriage, Follow up and resolve Localization bugs on TFS.  \tHandoff and Handback localization needs to localizer via MLP.  \tCheck localized XML files to locate possible localization/localizability issues.  \tProvide documents on Sharepoint sites to share common knowledge with the team.  \tProvide technical assistance to fellow project team members for understanding the process and infrastructure of the projects and tools as well as project responsibilities.  \tUpdate monthly schedule and feature lists. Coordinate with testers to make sure new features gets tested. ", " I was in a contract position and there were ZERO benefits. Great for a year or two to get experience but not for longer than that. ", " In this company, you are uniquely positioned to see what the future will bring ", " A typical day at work would include me clocking in at 5am, and sitting down to resolve Microsoft customers account problems ranging from Xbox to Account Management, If dealing with a billing dispute I must check and calculate funds beings requested for refund and analyze usage of the customer on the specific product. If a customer needs helps with account management I analyze the customers account security settings and proofs to validate their identity and walk them through the account recovery process. I also assist fellow team mates on pressing issues regarding customer inquires. I take a 30 minute lunch around 11:30a  and continue to assist customers until 3:30pm. ", " It was great working at Microsoft. I was surrounded by great technology and was able to talk with customers about it. ", " Management of a digital suite of products for Microsoft, including Xbox, Skype, MSN and Windows 8, illustrating the advertising opportunities available on those platforms for brands.   As part of a multi-discipline team, I have led cross-product marketing communication strategies engaging with key stakeholders; whether that is external creative agencies or internal management teams. ", " I have loved most of the role I have held at Microsoft. The work place can be very dynamic and rewarding. I have had plenty good managers and have met many very nice and enjoyable coworkers and peers. However, my position(s) have been outsourced two out of my last three contracts, That is the hardest part about working at Microsoft is the uncertainty and instability of working as a vendor. ", " o\tPerformed problem-solving and efficient troubleshooting skills in Microsoft Office and Outlook (All versions of Microsoft Office installation send/receive issue in outlook, outlook express and windows mail, update and upgrade office system etc.) o\tAssisted customers synchronizing between outlook and mobile device using active sync o\tDemonstrated knowledge and effective uses of Support Professional tools, applications, and operating systems by utilize the Knowledge Base Article, internet and internal application o\tDemonstrated Support Professional skills by document case information into the Clarify and CAP system, utilized the intercom phone system, typing and verbal communication with front line support agent ", " Although Microsoft is a giant corporation and I worked with people across the country I still felt like my job was important and appreciated.  I loved the facility I worked at in Irving, TX.  Perhaps my biggest regret is not pursuing a further career with them. ", " Each day at Microsoft is a result-oriented day. Each accomplished task and each assignment completed is evaluated in terms of its  value added contribution to the profit and loss account. While working for Microsoft, I learned that the business success was intentional. This was translated in measurable individual weekly goals that were paired with specific competencies. Career development and benefits to employees were incomparable. I enjoyed the benefit of free health insurance with no co-payment as well as the opportunity to participate to the annual employee conference in Seattle, Washington. ", " I loved working at Microsoft.  They really did have a culture of trying to make work fun, interesting and compelling.  The work was hard, and hours were long, but one got a real sense of having done something worthwhile, not because the products were that fabulous but because management tried to show that they valued everyone's contributions. ", " Great People Great Food I learned how to handle different brands of customers ", " This is a great place to work and the people make it worth it. It is hard to get a work life balance if you want to advance or get ahead. ", " As I no longer work and am retired, I now enjoy pottering around the premises and relaxing. ", " Not too many interesting things if you are working in the traditional area. ", " My main focus is to help Corporate clients to being more successful and productive; not only by answering questions or having engaging conversations on phone, also by training them in how to use Microsoft products in the most efficient way.  As \"Commit to excellence\" is one of my personal core values, I aim for constant personal growth. Or to put in in other words - \"good just isn't good enough, but excellence can be achieved\"  Specialties :Hard-working, self motivated and responsible, ability to learn fast, capable of combining full-time work with continuous learning. ", " Work on tasks or open project.  I learned more about project management specifically VoIP migration.  My co-workers were very pleasant to work with At times the hardest part of my job was waiting on other teams to complete my request accurately and on time.  The most enjoyable was seeing a project come to a successful completion and the work atmosphere. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " I absolutely loved working for this company. The placements were fantastic within the company and they were sure to place the right people in the right area for their benefits and the companies advantage. ", " I was introduced to CRM to and was able to learn the program and drive the business through it. Management was a plus they listened to new ideas. Overall  it was a good experience. ", " company provides learning material and tools to perform daily tasks, colleagues are professional, friendly and willing to help. Through literature and task repetition I've learned the optical media industry ", " Good team   good guys  good opportunity Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood ", " A typical work day involves creating training programs and rich content for Design Agencies, working with Design Agencies to help identify areas for improving our products and services, and developing new programs to excite and delight our target audiences. I learned that even the best programs are sometimes limited in scope based on budget priorities and that most coworkers are willing to provide insights and expertise based on their own learnings. The hardest part of my job involves dealing with ambiguity. I had to create programs where they didn't previously exist. The most enjoyable part of my job is working with creative and talented people who want to create new user experiences that are compelling and immersive. I really enjoy working with new and innovative technologies to inspire people to build amazing experiences. ", " MSFT is the best place to learn the rudiments of VMS.  Talk about Implementation, Cost Savings, Iterations, Ad hoc Reports and Business Reviews! ", " atypical day at work would include, receiving calls from home users to rectify their computer or PC issues. I learned how to probe and be patient in learning and understanding the customer needs. How to communicate resolutions to the presented problems in a simple vocab. co-workers were fun to work with. The hardest part of the job was the commute, as I was living a city away, none the less I was always there and on time. ", " Microsoft is a great company. Your career here will be what you make it. You guide your career development and next steps to acheive success. Best for those with a high degree of personal and professional drive and self starters. ", " A typical day will be receiving, firming and scheduling orders . Have learned a lot through all these years , a lot of trainings. An excellent environment with my co- workers. I think everything we all are capable  managing as a team with good results. The most enjoyable part is my office, cafeteria, customers , co-workers, benefits, internet caf\u00e9, etc etc... ", " I had a good experience working in a Data Center. Learn good enough stuff on Servers and Blades. ", " As a vendor contractor, I've noticed that the culture and attitudes toward vendor contractors has changed over the years. You still get a great work/life balance as a contractor if you know how to manage expectations. ", " A typical day at work is handling multiple accounts every day dealing with different personalaties and their business needs.  I have learned to be very patient and listen before speaking always helps.  Often times my customer's just want to vent on an issue that wasn't handled right instead of fixing it right away.  My co-workers were all great when I needed help or coverage they were always ready to help out.  The hardest part of the job is having the word \"Technical\" as part of my title but yet I did not have deep technical expertise. but I was able to guide them to the right resource when needed.  The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to visit different work sites and not having to go to the office every day and sit in a cubicle. ", " GE style stack rankings abound and everyone is competing against each other, which causes issues. If you like to blow your own horn and can make time to self promote yourself this is the place for you, otherwise stay clear. ", "  a typical day at work  what you learned  management  your co-workers  the hardest part of the job  the most enjoyable part of the job ", " Data center environment. Provides for skill development and learning new things.   Co-workers are a great group including management.  It is enjoyable to provide solutions to customers as each new issue is a new puzzle ", " I like the environment...I like the people I worked with. I liked the job that I did and the pay was appropriate. Benefits and perks were great. What I didn't like was the corporate political games....it was \"what\" you knew...it was always \"who\" you knew. If you are ok with stealing peoples ideas and selling it as your own, or throwing people under the bus to advance yourself, then Microsoft is the place for you....not me! ", " I have been lucky to be in some great groups.  Expectations always reasonable, but still pushed for better than okay on all projects. ", " Been contracting for 10 years there and lots of smart talented folks that work there. ", " Worked for a year in the data center and it was very exciting, learned a lot. Management were ok but not wow ", " Fun place to work. Managed highed level tiered staff. Planned future projects which were always coming in. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " As an intern, I realized that the reason Microsoft has such great pay and benefits is because they want to keep you at work as long as possible. I have a new family, and work/life balance is important to me.   You would be successful at Microsoft if you are naturally talented and are able to compete with the best and brightest in your field. ", " I worked as an advisor.. We Help customers by making their vacation a memorable one by booking the best hotels and flights with us through expedia... it was a very friendly environment to work with... the co worker were too good.... the hardest part of the job was that we had back to back calls in the peak seasons... We do have lots of games on the floor.... ", " I don't know if I had bad luck, but the impression I had of the company was that it was as any other more traditional company with a techy look. There was a videogame room that no one used but to have a phone conversation with intimacy and a fusball that I just used a couple of times and at lunch time.  It was very disorganised and even the location in Lisbon is quite bad since it's outside the city and it can be a nightmare to get there if there is traffic, which is quite normal.  You could get some food for free (sandwiches or fruit in the kitchens, not full lunches, breakfast or dinner like in other famous tech companies), but I'd say that was all. Not even the PC used was a state of the art machine.  Maybe it was just those offices or bad luck, but I recommend people to apply to other companies with a real modern and innovative culture rather than to this old elephant. ", " Long work day but always projects due and fun people to work with. Learned lots about software and interacting with other software. Managers were cool about working if you meet deadlines but you still had long hours but great environment and people. ", " Managing Data Center for Hotmail and live.com servers. Managing 24 X 7 environment. ", " In my nearly 13 years here, I have had both positive and negative experiences. Overall it is a good place to work, with a good benefits package and competitive pay. There are also a great deal of smart, people who genuinely want to keep making things better. I find advancement and stability is largely political, and at worst random; unfortunately it is rarely based on great performance, passion, and drive. However, a strong leader can navigate these challenges. ", " I loved the fun and family environment.  Very supportive and open to ideas. ", " It is a one day event. Hence we have several days of preparation and meetings to brainstorm ideas for sales pitch to be delivered to the OEMs. Learnt what takes for an event to run smoothly and efficiently. Gained knowledge from fellow colleagues and the wittiness of my supervisor. His leadership and management of the team was admirable. Hardest part of the job was during the brainstorming of the pitch. Most enjoyable part of the job is that it's an overseas project in Macau and of course communicating with the audience and getting them to understand our pitch gives me the sense of achievement. ", " Worked with people from diverse European backgrounds. Interesting working for such a well-known company as Microsoft ", " Delievered spectactular customer service in a call center setting ", " This was a good place to work.  During my year at Microsoft I learn'd a lot. About sales, management, administration work, how to be independent and adaptable. ", " Research and Develop ideas that work. Provide resolutions to our client own unique enviroments. Exchange information with other Engineers. Train global on Microsoft new products and ventures. XBOX, Blackberry, Office 365, Exchange On-Premise, Sharepoint Online, Sharepoint On premise, Lync Online Lync On-premise. ", " Great atmosphere and co-workers. Management was hands on and ready to ensure that you are going to succeed. ", " Learnt to work in a corporate environment. Team management, vendor management. Started My project management career here. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job is two fold. One: the customers are diverse, well educated in technology and open to new technology. Operations was limiting but AX was fascinating once you learned it. ", " This is a company that have great workers but it does not have a good management. Company does not encourage workers to works outside of their areas, does not worry enough about the quality of its products and does not listen to its customers. I am not sure if it will be able to continue to do well given that is does not have a good answer for two new disruptive technologies, cloud computing and mobile and the continue decline of the PC market. ", " Microsoft is nice place to work and it gives a lot more than learning edge.  Overall Rating* 4 ", " Exciting department with high energy people. Great Company ", " Intense environment where collaboration suffers vs. the competitive culture. ", " Excellent company. Good training and experience. Access to resources are abundant. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Its a best Place to work for, timings are great. a multi cultural atmosphare at work. ", " Everyday we received a lot of phone calls coming from North America and Canada. I learned a lot specifically how to become a professional one. ", " cool staff. good environment. management is difficult. go in, drink coffee, start the day. hard part of job would be management. ", " THIS IS THE BEST COMPANY TO WORK FOR PERIOD!  I CAN HONESTLY SAY I HAVE FOUND MY DREAM JOB!  THEY RECOGNIZE THE LITTLE GUYS AND APPRECIATE THE JOB WE DO ", " wonderful work environment. great people , great management ", " A great company! This is a good position which served to address various areas of opportunity for growth within the department. The position was far more advanced than the department was equipped to handle. ", " Passionate, great environment to work in. Source of great and promising technology, would never leave - but was tracked and hired by my boss from the past - followed him to Halliburton. ", " People are very intelligent. However, lots of politics in this company. ", " The atmosphere, along with my co-workers, are my main motivation to get through work. Like most positions in any job, all days are not peaches and cream; however, working for a great company like this one makes it worth while. ", " Dishonest, management sucks. Managers hire friends with no skills. ", " This company has a lot of potential of being great.  They have great partnerships with big companies.  They are going through a rough time but they will stay strong and hire people again. ", " Great products, services and very smart people. It has a great new energy to expand Microsoft footprint to other operating systems and mobile. We have a lot to do but great people to work on big challenges. ", " * Make use of a deadline which it force us developer to finish the all application per week  * Understand your work so that you will know how to present your application  * Be aware when to submit your application  * I enjoy programming more than anything ", " Teaching Microsoft Word to group and kids and Women  Advised Customer of what devices they need with abilities they need it to have  open and close  clean and dust  sales  troubleshooting  Returns  Unselling ", " Join Microsoft and build software to impact was dream since I was young. It is amazing to join it and know lots of talent in this company. ", " Keep the lights on and the wheels turning. Great job. Too bad that I was a v- and another company landed the ongoing contract. ", " Microsoft is a great place to work depending on the job and people. Surprisingly, some of the people know very little about the technology they're working with, while others are actually the people creating the technology. ", " Highly political...success is dependent on your manager Constant re-organization ", " It was a nice job, unfortunately it was on temporary. It was awesome working for Microsoft with the given Managers and Associates. We all worked hard together to get things done, and that was he best thing about working for this company. It was totally team work. ", " Microsoft has a great opportunities, smart, fun people to work with and a tremendous chance to learn and become a professional. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " I gained a lot of working knowledge of mobile testing from this experience, getting working experience on Windows Server, Power Shell and Remote Control tools. This experience gave me good exposure to effective communication and working as a team member. ", " Microsoft is a wonderful place to work and build your career at. ", " I honestly can't think of anything that I would frown upon. I loved this job. Too bad it ended. I would have stayed a very long time. ", " i loved to work here.  good line manager. top management is ok ", " Contributing to a large organization like Microsoft presents many challenges.  Learning the latest technologies helped me better sell services and software to government clients. ", " Have great co-workers, good management, freedom to self manage self. ", " Challenging, supportive place to work, great managers. Professional development, mentoring, well organized, great opportunities, flexible, positive work environment, able to work from home. ", " Great company to work for. Nice people. Nice perks. Management friendly. ", " Best to learn thrive and earn !! Pay is good, people are awesome.  Management is okay. ", " Everyday you can learn something different, people is diverse and multicultural. The hardest part is to close your computer because there is always a new email coming every second. The most enjoyable part of the job is the people. ", " I loved working for Microsoft, I learned more about IT in my 2 years there than I did my entire life. I worked along side some brilliant and hardworking individuals and made more than a few friends along the way. It was a great experience. ", " This is a fun environment to in. They make sure you trained as well as cross-trained so your not \"Not in the know\".  I would love to work for them again ", "  Promoted Windows 8 phone during the product launch to the visitors at the Pittsburgh Zoo.   Received special recognition and bonus for surpassing daily targets daily. . Gave product demonstration to more that 200 people daily and assisted the supervisor in daily booth set up. ", " Interesting place to work. Microsoft have an good development methodology, but some of the long term product direction decisions weren't being made when they really needed to be. ", " The people here are great. I felt like everyone there was professional, while at the same time, fun and humorous. I would highly recommend working here to anyone. ", " I worked in the tier 3 escalations department for Xbox Live customers. My job was very laid back but to the point. We had a quota that had to be met daily. My supervisor was very knowledgeable. ", " I worked there 3 years and was promoted to Area Manager.  Within a year was laid off because of my age.  Couple of weeks later learned my replacement was 20 years younger. ", " As contractor, it is simple to work there. You only requirement is finishing the assigned project. You do not need on call, you do not need answer frequently wrong calls from outside, like I meet in Wells Fargo. ", " The vendor and contractor experience is great at Microsoft, i got to work at various groups from Music, cloud services to taxes but the vendor conditions is not secure employment ", " I really enjoy the atmosphere and culture of the group I am in. The only real downside is being a vendor. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Good training programs, upper management well-educated and listens to the needs of it's stores ", " I am working in Bing Search Engine for last 3.5 years and it was wonderful to work with a great team. It was a great opportunity to work in this team and learnt a lot in this search domain. ", " Working here was always interesting.There can be some minor changes but overall a good company ", " Tough startup environment. It takes a strong heart to be able to be able to drive results as branding and technology adoption for a small startup can be challenging in the gulf and MENA region ", " Free snacks everyday and co-workers that take holistic view of the company. What's not to like? ", " I had the opportunity to work in MOD as a Sr. Project Manager onboarding enterprise-level customers to programs.  It was a lot of fun to bring my experience and knowledge to a team of key stakeholders that was interested in allowing myself and other PMs to run this program successfully.    I had a great manager, her manager and the executive team was 100% our efforts.  Due to budget cuts and a new customer focus, some of the team had to end their contracts, mine being one of them. ", " I enjoyed working here and the people I worked with. The manager was great. Would highly recommend people who work through temp agencies to request getting assignments at Microsoft (if they do work with Microsoft). ", " Microsoft is not what it used to be.  It continues to offer unparalleled benefits and the opportunity to work on amazing technology, innovation and state of the art products. It still employs some amazing, creative and smart individuals who can make work fun and interesting; there is a lot to learn, a lot to offer and ambitious individuals have plenty of space to grow.  On the flip side, it is very big and unfortunately its management has not been ideal in the last 5 to 10 years. Gone are the times when cross-pollination and team work were possible, most groups have a toxic atmosphere where backstabbing is the norm. Its current review system is a big contributing factor to these problems and the executives' stubborn refusal to change it tells a lot about their management principles and skills. ", " As a technical program manager, my role was to break down requirements into features and spec them out. Working together with Dev/test on design and driving the project to completion. Collaborating heavily with partner teams to meet the project goals, unblocking dev/test, providing visibility to upper management through presentations, demos, ship room status, emails. Forward planning for next release and external partner interactions.  Learned a great deal technically as well as how to deal with different people and teams with varying goals, technical knowledge and personalities.  In my tenure at Microsoft, I've had some great managers who have strived to do the best for the customers and also for the team. They completely trusted my skills in all my projects and stood behind me when I needed any support. Have also experienced the flip side where the manager had their own agenda with little regard for customer needs or team morale. Needless to say, it was very rewarding and satisfying to work with the first set of managers.  In general, co-workers were very nice to work with. In some teams, depending on the culture being driven by management, there wasn't much cooperation and collaboration among devs and PMs. But most times, co-workers were willing to work towards a common goal and help each other out.  Hardest part of the job was not being able to release a feature due to clashing goals and personalities in the org.  Most enjoyable part of the job is to work together as a team of talented individuals and ship a feature/product to end users. ", " Microsoft is a Great Company, I\u00b4ve been there for 2 years!!...... ", " Fun projects and hard-working co-workers~ The hardest part is new ideas. I have to persuade others to take your new ideas. Normally, new ideas are with risk. People do not wanna change. Love the flexible schedule . I do not need to be an early bird . ", " Expert Systems is Microsoft Gold Partner's Company and i really learn and enjoy to work with this company. ", " Three years of professional experience in the field of Information Technology with expertise in Management and intensive involvement in the areas  Microsoft Active Directory 2008 R2(Domain Controller, Additional  Domain Controller , Child Domain Controller, DNS DHCP,WBS,WDS etc.) ,System Center Virtual Machine Manager 2008/2012(Configuration of Self Service Portal, Installation Agent on Client ,Configure Library Migration of Servers form Physical to virtual, Migration of Servers from One Host to Another Host, etc.),System Center Operation Manager 2007 R2( Adding Management Packs, Installation Agents, Configure Mail Notification etc.),System Center Data Protection Manager 2010/2012(Installing agents, Backup of Domain Controller $ Child Domains, Backup of Exchange DAG etc.),Hyper-V Server(Create Virtual Machine ,Configuration LAN $ WAN Interfaces etc.), Exchange Server 2010( Installation of All Exchange Server Roles, Configure DAG, Configure CAS array, Create of mail Accounts, Email Polices ,etc.), TMG 2010 (Sites Publishing, Block Sites, VPN etc.),and Support of Client/Server environment. I feel myself confident to apply for your posted job and will not let you down if it is awarded to me. Looking forward for a positive response ", " It was a great place to develop and foster friendships and work with an amazing team of programmers, developers and engineers. ", " Good place if you are in the right group. Unfortunate that the culture changed with the new stack/rank review system. Have to have winners and have to have losers. Bell curve. All counted on exposure with peers in organization during calibrations. If you didn't have high visibility projects, you could be fair bad in review, ", " We worked in a cross-cultural team, which members come from 7 different countries, and within the virtual environment, it is quite challenging for us to set a clear schedule to work towards the same goal. As time goes on, we managed to cooperate well in this environment and foster a unique team spirit. ", " I have learned a whole lot about display advertising with its different challenges. ", " -On campus customer representative and delegate for Microsoft.  -Social media, marketing and online promotion for Windows and sales.  -Worked on customer services, and test new software and conduct trials.  -Attended web recitations and seminars, extensive training sessions on computer knowledge, conference calls, and frequent feedback/reports in an organized fashion. ", " Great place to work where work life balance is achievable A typical can be as busy as one would want it to be and as free as you prefer it to be given you have achieved your deliverables Very heavy on working virtually with the team! ", " I am happy that I had an opportunity to work as an intern at such a great and international company as Microsoft. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Fun experience when you connect with a costumer. the best part is opening their new device with them and helping them through out the process. ", " Can-do motto is well execute in MSHK. Learned to deal with APAC and multinational security system. Co-workers are good to work with. ", " - Provide demos of windows features to students - Brand awareness around campus - This is the most fun you will ever have! ", " It helped me to realise I can do the job very well. Communication was the basic day to day with clients Providing their needs ", " If you are a contract employee they will terminate your contract without ANY notice and without fair discussion of job performance! ", " way too managers to get in the way of productivity.  It's a great place to work but the politics and bonus structures are not what they should be. ", " Loved and enjoyed working for this company and miss working for this company. Great values and great organization to work for. ", " Working offsite has some disadvantages. The Washington state team is very \"about them\". ", " Lots of digital systems management that became very tedious. ", " best place to work if you are in college and looking for extra cash ", " A very challenging and  stimulating work environment, with excellent management and co workers. ", " Great people to work for, though the company has very little loyalty to its people ", " Filled with wonderfully smart people, Microsoft is a great place to work, to be challenged and to put forward your best. ", " Good compensation and benefits. Work-life balance is also good. Loads of opportunities to grow professionally and individually ", " Highly political...success is dependent on your manager Constant re-organization ", " this thought me multi tasking also and the management was effective in pushing for success. ", " Engaging with fascias on a store level to promote products and engage staff to promote through advocacy Create and run store based incentives to further advance market share and prominence in said fascias Audit compliance in store to maximise investment opportunities Train staff to the full potential of their knowledge to allow them to in turn promote the products to customers Complete admin visits to major fascias including PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys to ensure Microsoft presence is in the forefront of their minds and ensure marketing messages are being correctly delivered in store All of the above is under the radar and although they are allowed by the head office of the major companies involved (O2, EE, Hutchinson 3, Carphone Warehouse, Vodafone and PC world) these tasks are completed through building effective relationships in store and gaining the trust and faith of the staff ", " Fast paced, entreprenurial environment which helped with healthy competition both internally and externally. ", " Fun work environment. Work load is high due to the fast-paced. So many new processes to learn. Great opportunity for a self-growth and move up the ladder. ", " Microsoft is a great company to wok for. The company continue to Innovative and has Amazing team world-wide. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Not organized, management needs training, unable to prioritize, take on too much. ", " Management teams at MSFT sucks. Managers have no ability to influence team members. People in Silicon Valley campus leave every week... ", " Its a best Place to work for, timings are great. a multi cultural atmosphare at work. ", " Great place to work. Like the culture, people and process. Learnt the life cycle of projects. learnt many things from experienced colleagues ", " Jobs at Microsoft can be good and bad, and the management chain can make all the difference.   My first 8 years at Microsoft I had wonderful managers, and the job was great, a whole team working hard together and really caring about the product we put out.  At some point after several re-orgs our team got relocated under a very toxic management chain, people who'd worked for microsoft for over 20 years were quitting or getting laid off.   I wound up in a management chain of career climbers who didn't care as much about the customers as they did abour producing metrics to get themselves raises and promotions.   That really made the job miserable.  Plus the HR department at Microsoft is terrible.  Terrible policies, and clearly no understanding of how quality work gets done.  They were almost as much to blame for the  poor work environment as the toxic management.   My first 8 years and last several were okay but there was a horrible 3-4 year stretch in there where live was miserable. ", " great company and culture. I worked with a great team which share same value and beliefs.   I really enjoyed worked there. ", " Retail environment is very restricted. Corporate needs to step in a improve marketing...promos/sales are very inconsistent. ", " A fun environment to work in with tons of free resources available to everyone ", " I have a lot of fun in Microsoft, It is always something new to change and challenge our minds to do better ", " The work is overwhelming, lack of training to employees, no work life balance ", " Create MS Share Point content for surveys, activities and more. ", " I would rather milk goats than ever work for MS again !  horrible, nothing but idiots ", " Released Windows XP, Windows CE 4.0 and Windows Server 2003. ", " In this company, you are uniquely positioned to see what the future will bring ", " perfect friendly environment &amp; culture to work with.. flexible working hours..casual outfit..working from home ", " i learned how to photocopy, print, laminate, scan, bind, record daily sales, and even my typing skills improved. ", " Loved the work at Microsoft. Highly Professional. Great respect for each other. Super friendly seniors and colleagues. ", " MSFT is the best place to learn the rudiments of VMS.  Talk about Implementation, Cost Savings, Iterations, Ad hoc Reports and Business Reviews! ", " such a great place to work nice people nice enviorment it was just a 6 month contract i wish that turned into permanent hands down best job i ever worked at ", " Fun to come to work, staff is nice and helpful, employees help each other "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Really good work and life balance makes you want to do more for the company. ", " Never a dull moment, lots of interesting products to work on, in an industry that is changing every minute. ", " Assistant Administrator (Contract Position)   Assist with ordering and restocking of office supplies   Customer Service   Schedule appointments and conferences   Process and distribute office mail, including Fedex and interoffice mail ", "  \tMember of Microsoft\u2019s lead Operations Consultant Team. Successfully lead the completion of eight large, multi-factorial and multi-million projects   \tDeveloped strategic plans to initiate organic organizational maturity, improve governance and management of IT Operations around people, process and technology.  \tIdentified specific measures to establish automation and governance practices to reduce resource dependence and enhance ROI, per ITIL and other industry best practices per ITIL, PMI, ISO, COBIT, and CMMI  \tEstablished people, process and technology roadmap to improve IT operations and embark cloud services. Created framework to grow IT operations consulting business within Canada, which increased number of engagements by +50%  \tAnalyzed and optimized team structures to support diversified IT Operations for dynamic organizations. Enhanced processes required to ensure high services availability and reliability. Ensured effective coordination between cross functional departments by breaking silos and introducing collaboration services to enhance communication and coordination  \tEnhanced team members\u2019 knowledge on ITIL, MOF and Microsoft technologies and executed internal training workshops. Exceeded customer expectations for all projects and engagements  \tManaged multimillion business, infrastructure, technology and solution transformation projects to rollout Microsoft technologies such as hybrid/private/public cloud, Microsoft System center (SCCM, SCOM, SCSM), Cloud private/public, virtualization, AD, Exchange, O365, ITSM Tools, CRM-Dynamics, lync, TFS, FIM, SQL ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> Server, Share Point, PKI, and Windows azure/server/desktops  \tExceeded customer expectations while working for Gov of Ontario (MTO, JTS, LTC, LAT, OCPC), Gov of Manitoba, Gov of Alberta, Gov of Saskatchewan,  Gov of NB, Region of Niagara, Sask Energy, City of Vancouver, eHealth, Metrolinx, Vancouver Transit,  ATCO, SUNCOR, EPCOR,  Magna, Vale, Telus, Rogers, Peel Region Police, CIBC, RBC, Conexus Credit Union, Sunlife, Manulife, Stikeman, Loblaws and Blackberry, ", " Worked there starting in 96 on a contract and Full time since 98, easy going causal place to work but demanding at times. ", " This company is run by a bunch of egos.  Rather than focusing on what is best for the customer, it's a political game.   ", " Got to work with some of the finest teams and learned a lot about performance engineering and testing webpages during this period. ", " Answer Phones Set up meetings using Outlook Catering Hardest part of the job was getting used to the office environment. Coworkers were fun and friendly. I learned a lot about Microsoft and how they work. ", " This was a contract position, which lasted 3 months. However, I had a great time working at Microsoft with many intelligent people. ", " company provides learning material and tools to perform daily tasks, colleagues are professional, friendly and willing to help. Through literature and task repetition I've learned the optical media industry ", " It is a summer internship program.  I learned Microsoft software development life cycle. However, I did not learn much in programming. ", " Fun people with high energy and great environment - sometimes too fast paced but overall a great place to work.  I would go back if I had the opportunity ", " I learned about the new products Microsoft has come out with in 2012/2013. I assisted customers daily with questions on products. Answered phones. Sold products with extended plans. ", " Worked with some of the greatest minds in the environment in a highly charged sales organization. Great friends are truly missed. ", " At Microsoft the work is both very demanding and rewording. It has been nice to see you\u2019re able to make a divergence, even if you\u2019re a contractor. Having worked in so many different groups (and types of positions) has given me a good view of the whole company. ", " multi cultural environment looking after the contract and projects coordinating queries from stakeholders Analysis and business review Financial reporting Working on projects with external partners ", " Microsoft is a large secure company to work for if you have a good manager and are on an important project. ", " \uf0a7\tAccount management of Microsoft\u2019s customers to develop quality sales opportunities (through inbound and outbound contact) and grow revenue.  \uf0a7\tMaintains a breadth of interaction across all dedicated accounts but ability to focus engagement on the high-revenue potential customers and build solution selling framework \uf0a7\tBuilds relationships and rapport with customers and develops an understanding of the customer\u2019s business to establish credibility  \uf0a7\tResponsible for managing the customer \u2018contact\u2019 satisfaction and providing a consistent experience for Microsoft\u2019s customers \uf0a7\tReviews and manages customer\u2019s Activities and opportunities to maximize effectiveness and the productivity of the customer contact time \uf0a7\tAbility to establish quality time with Decision Maker Contacts (BDM or TDM as relevant) and address their business interests \uf0a7\tProbes and explores customer\u2019s opportunities and challenges through effective questioning and active listening; establishes an identified need; proposes relevant Microsoft solutions or licensing options to generate interest and creates a solid value proposition \uf0a7\tResponsible for maintaining current solution, GTM and licensing knowledge; understanding Microsoft\u2019s big bets and strategic direction to provide relevant advice and customer offerings  \uf0a7\tActive follow-up of self-generated opportunities to establish partner progress and customer satisfaction \uf0a7\tResponsible for maintaining the data integrity of the dedicated Accounts and Contacts; accuracy and clarity of data entered in the CRM tool  \uf0a7\tFollows escalation / transfer and complaints ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> procedures and works within defined Service Level Agreements; sets appropriate customer expectations \uf0a7\tActively participates in trainings and briefings; committed to self-development and continuous improvement \uf0a7\tProvides support for new recruits and openly shares best practices for the benefit of the Sales Rep community \uf0a7\tEstablish necessary business frame for vertical solution selling (example MBS), while understanding general customer\u2019s business pains ", " Great place to work ....lots of opportunity for growth.  Owned day to day business relationship with Client and all Internal Teams. ", " This association is really like a growing production company where people work with passion "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Management churn is excessive in many areas. New leadership translates to new goals, new structure and a complete reinvention of the wheel. In 18 months I have lost count, but I think we might be on re-org number 7 or 8. Morale doesn't matter in many groups any more and there are serious wolfpacks and clicks to contend with beyond politics, gossip and backstabbing. Diversity employment is preached but ignored and the fraternities force more and more women out the door each month. It is a great place to get your wings but beyond that it is the worst factory you could ever imagine. ", " This company is run by a bunch of egos.  Rather than focusing on what is best for the customer, it's a political game.   ", " Comfortable environment with lots of diversity.  Busy during peeks seasons and it can be crazy.  Team support is helpful.  Most managers are willing to guide you. ", " Great company to work for. Nice people. Nice perks. Management friendly. ", " Overall good place to work.  Great company and benefits. Retail and technical knowledge preferred ", " ~Data entry ~Inbound Calls ~Service desk help  ~Front Desk and office coordinating ", " This job was short term yet very rewarding when with its experience. I enjoy the management and corporate company very much. ", " What can I say about Microsoft. You would already know this software giant. I got to experience their work culture and some of their projects that I worked on. I can say it was a lifetime experience. ", " The benefits/pay were all very good.  The stress levels were through the roof.  No adequate training before being thrown into phone queue.  Team leads do not care about their team, only the numbers.  I have seen more than one team member break down from stress more than once.  Adults, crying in their cubes.  Team Leads did not show any compassion.    The perks were great, the facilities were fantastic, the management was horrible.   ", " Worked with teams that believed in work hard and play hard kind of culture. It was cut throat with a lot of pressure to meet the deadlines yet teams worked in unison to understand the interdependency and meet the uber objective of what's best for the company.   ", " management and advancement are lacking. It easy to become a small fish in a large pond. Upper management makes high level decisions in matters that they know very little about resulting in negative implications. ", " Solely managed the New Software Installation Group including the hiring and educating of technicians.  I wrote and instigated new databases and operating parameters to speed up install and delivery time of new PC's.  Learned how and when to lead, follow or step aside. ", " Its  great place to work. Great work/life balance. The security and benefits are awesome. ", " Facilitated Microsoft training.  The environment was very dynamic which is a huge plus.  I loved the opportunity that I have learning about the IT/cloud industry. ", " Challenging/dynamic environment.  Requires strong collaboration and internal influencing skills.  Fast paced, demanding environment in which highly adaptive work style is valued. ", " long term client relationships. Firm tackled a difficult area ( SAP integration)  ", " Currently focused on partner development and revenue expansion targets for embedded software growth .  ", " The focus is on what you deliver and the environment is tailored to bring out the best in you. ", " Regional Training Manager for Microsoft account.  I covered a 3 state territory training and representing Windowsphone mobile devices.  ", " I gained international/global experience as well as a expanded my marketing expertise and skill sets to include project management, relationship management, product development, promotions, licensing, retail, vendor management and cross group collaboration. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " A lot of jobs involved in this project is to search the academic paper, and do the research. You need to understand the concept of depth image, KMeans Algorithm, and some math functions.  After that, I have to discuss the ideas with my supervisor, and seek for possible solutions.  Then, it is to implement the idea by writing c# code. ", " Working at Microsoft was very fun. It was relaxed and easygoing. Everyone was on the same playing field, regardless of skill set. Management didn't play favorites, and they were very fair. Coworkers were easy to get along with. ", " During those 13 years at Microsoft I've worked with the most knowledgebale people and worked with some of the biggest banks and most critical SQL environment in the world.  I've become a SQL Certified Master.   ", " Good Job. Good Salary. Great Benefits.  Learnt SharePoint Administration Became a User Profile SME Management was ok.  Worked with over 300 premier clients.  Hardest Part was to Give the answers in critical situations. Enjoyable part was a new challenge everyday.  ", " It's a great place to be challenged daily and I still learn cool things all the time. With constant innovation, you have to keep up with the fast pace.  ", " I want to Join MS back again. Good environment to work in. Lots of resources. chance to learn new stuff. ", " As a receptionist at Microsoft, you are the face of the company. You are the first and last person that people are in contact with when they are visiting a Microsoft building. The management team for the receptionists helps to provide you with the tools you need and want to have a productive day. Your coworkers are easily reachable for help when needed. The hardest part of the job (depending on the building you are in), is keeping the conference rooms organized. Employees have the ability to book meetings, however, many people utilize the receptionist for this matter. Since there are so many people utilizing the conference rooms, there are many open times for error. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to make an employee's day. Many people working in the buildings have a lot on their plate, so when you can do something to help them, it feels great! ", " A typical day consists of making lists to fill the sales floor and then assisting customers with their questions or concerns, recovering the sales floor. On occasion, receiving incoming freight and stocking sales floor. Very good management makes the workplace fun and enjoyable. Hardest part of the job is making sure not to make too big of mistakes during inventory.  ", " Filled with wonderfully smart people, Microsoft is a great place to work, to be challenged and to put forward your best. ", " I had a bless working with Microsoft Team. The Portuguese group, my team , had work hours  basic in Brazil and Portugal time.  Normally my work hours were from 5:30AM- 2:30PM to reach Brazilians and Portuguese\u2019s. Our day starts with a lot of calls and chat too. Introduce the Microsoft Online services for new customers or follow up, answering questions for those who signed up 30 days free product trial.  Calling new leads, and following up with prospects who had signed up for 30-day trial of Microsoft Cloud Services. Worked with the prospects to help them initiate the services and guarantee that their evaluation experience was successful. Upon completion of the trail period I assisted with arrangements for the purchase through Microsoft Partners or through Microsoft\u2019s online store.  Our manager was really nice and we work as team help each other with information and updates. Our co-workers are very sweet. We always celebrate birthdays and care about each other. It was a big family team. The hardest part was the day that they announce\" the Austin location will be close\". It was really disappointed.   The  most enjoyable part of the job are words and emails saying  Thank you and congratulations for your attention, help and excellent costumer services from our Brazilian customers! Make me feel that i really doing a great job, helping the companies find a product for their need to be more productive. And of course the pay checks plus benefits.  ", " Worked as a Sourcing Manager for Robert Half filling contract roles for Microsoft campus.  ", " The best I have worked for. Unfortunately it was temporary for almost two years. ", " A great atmosphere to work in and very productive for both employees and clients ", " Fun, friendly team environment, a lot of support for employee development whether that is by your peers or management.   A typically day starts with preparing the the store to open and leading into sales during the course of the day. The hardest part of my job is the balance between life and work. The management is very understanding and supports us during our time on and off the clock.  ", " Sweatshop environment, with no regard to work-life balance. They pit you against your peers, and backstabbers and brown-nosers win. It used to be a good fun environment but since hiring upper management from Wal-Mart, the company is run like Wal-Mart. No value for talent, middle managers self justify their worth. They want to be seen as innovators, but no real innovation is recognized or appreciated.  I would not recommend anyone to consider working there. If you go there for having it on your resume, then get out once you have been there a year or so, before you lose your self worth or start thinking the world as as gloomy.  Its somewhat like North Korea, the internal propaganda will make you think there is no hope outside, that is how they retain their employees, because most are afraid to even look externally.  ", " Released Windows XP, Windows CE 4.0 and Windows Server 2003. ", " Growing product and support structure. Opportunities exist for growth and movement. ", " I had an excellent first decade at Microsoft and shipped many exciting products. Most importantly, teams had independence. This has changed unfortunately and the morale has taken a huge hit. It's all about limiting opex. ", " Although faced with challenges of a small business, as a team, we had to act with the speed, professionalism and ethics of a large company. The Microsoft Dynamics division is almost a startup inside the very well established Microsoft. I participated on plannings, created my own project, had huge responsabilities and autonomy that no other big company would be able to provide me as an intern. I've learned to take chances and how to not be afraid of mistakes. The biggest mistake you can ever make is the one of avoinding change. Sometimes the lack of resources would come as a difficulty, however, with creativity, we would always find solutions to the most important issues. I've also learned how to prioritize and work with multiple campaigns and tasks. ", " Rewarded for technology capabilities, not business capabilities "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Good place to work at specially in IT consulting. Lots of scope for growth and advancement and would be perfect as a first job for new graduates. ", " Lots of smart people, all working in a bloated environment.  Hard to stand out from the crowd. ", " fun, energetic place to work, friendly enviroment, many opportunities for advancement. ", " Overall a very rewarding place to work, product release cycles can get rather intense though. ", " Great place to work Amazing customers Great team Cutting edge technology ", " Data Analysis Business/System analysis Microsoft Business Tools ", " Microsoft is a great company to learn new techniques, technologies and the business of tech. ", " Microsoft has great benefits and compensation but the work culture is becoming progressively worse. ", " Microsoft is a good experience for my career.  They have very nice working environment and health care benefit. ", " Fun place to work but hard to stay on the same page as management. ", " As working for Microsoft, the job culture and great facility have always been great. ", " Nokia has been a fun journey for me that enabled me to work in different parts of the Globe. ", " Company hires strong people from whom you can learn a lot. The atmosphere is very demanding and the hours are long. ", " Very supportive and employee friendly company, ping pong and pool games in all the floors. ", " normal experience on presentation hardest part was to meet dead line the enjoyable part of the job was the flexible schedule ", " Working as Vendor with Microsoft, learned a lot about Microsoft technologies and commerce Business. ", " If you get in the right department, there are many opportunities for advancement and networking. ", " This job was short term yet very rewarding when with its experience. I enjoy the management and corporate company very much. ", " Microsoft is nice place to work and it gives a lot more than learning edge.  Overall Rating* 4 ", " Loved working for arvato company , many opportunities to go higher up the ladder, friendly staff "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Not bad, I was a contractor, very different from a FTE. Can't tell how is it is for FTE. ", " Great people to work for, though the company has very little loyalty to its people ", " My typical day at work is crazy. There are so many different projects going on with shifting priorities and timelines. It's really hard to stay on top of all of it. The team I work with makes the extra effort to be available and ready to support when extra assistance is needed. This makes the work environment really fun to be a part of. Even though it seems stressful to work on so many projects all at once, when you deliver on time, against tight timelines and high stakes, it feels great. I've been a part of some big wins within MS advertising operations and you can't match that kind of feeling working on smaller scale projects. The hardest part of the job is aligning priorities with the rest of the team and external teams. Too often it seems as if conflicting priorities will result in a less efficient separation of duties. Collaboration is the most important component in delivering quality products on time and aligning priorities is integral in driving alignment between business teams. These are the values I have observed and been a part of at MS. It's been one of the greatest opportunities I have ever had to work along side professionals of this caliber. The best part of the job was all the recognition and support I got from management. They never hesitate to call it out when some one puts in the extra effort. A lot of work places have systematic ways to evaluate performance, which is nice, but getting acknowledged in an environment with tried and tested professionals is often more rewarding than other forms of compensation. ", " I love this job because they paid me to do the right thing. It was an program for teenagers living in the area that didn't have anything to do. I was paid to learn how to work Microsoft Office. After my training was over my, I was given the option to stay over and do my homework with a tutor. If I stayed, I was paid extra. So it was an awesome program and I would recommend it to anyone. ", " Understand and work the culture to be successful. Know who will help you progress in your career. ", " Great learning curve and challenging atmosphere. Had to work with three members handling 250 students between us. the support staff was excellent. ", " Microsoft has one of the best Work Life Balance Policies in the world. The co workers are great and i enjoy a lot working with my team. The most enjoyable part of my work is to sell Xbox 360 to everybody. ", " Team oriented no opportunity in field offices smart people friendly people ", " I created a project for Microsoft in using agile methodology, the main goal of that project was to detect the problems and flaws in popular news apps such as wsj and NYT and raise an alert to proper tier of people who can fix it, and thereby saving $3M+/year for Microsoft. Microsoft already had a tool called Keynote which was doing the same job. But, It had few issues major issues were like cost, complexity, reliability. Reliability issue (false positive and repetitive alerts) was unknown until we started working on it. I took the responsibility to work on that problem and I ended up created an algorithm which fixed all reliability problems we had. They liked it, and later on the algorithm was included in all of the monitoring tools our team used. \u201cit was One of my major achievements as a sw developer\u201d . I developed an algorithm that solved this problem. to avoid false positive alerts\u201cthe algorithm calculates percentage of availability of news app on timely basis and when it crosses the minimum percentage it then it throws the alert to proper tier of people, and creates a threshold to suppress the same alert for next 1 hour(i created a config file so its customizable) this solves the repetitive alerts problem ", " sourcing recruiting new position thinking outside of the box ", " Every day there is a new challenge to over come. We deal with customer that have high demands and expect a lot for Microsoft. I am able to manage data, communicate well with customers and I am to work with a team. ", " Enjoyed working at Microsoft very much. Bunch of passionate people who carer about building good software ", " Days were stressful but interesting. people were good. Lots of work to be done. Typical day was busy putting out fire drills. ", " Very fun and energetic atmosphere.. FREE DRINKS! great experience and knowledge ", " Worked for Samsung through Mosaic Solutions  - Highly supportive with information regarding products ", " Arrival through Pearson security was always a friendly affair. Meeting travellers and informing them about the new Windows 8 was always a different and refreshing experience each time.  Management was great all around. They're friendly, considerate, encouraging, respectable, promote efficiency, knowledgeable, and helpful. The amount of time we all spent together allowed us to really become a team and we all eventually became friends even after the promotion ended. It was nice to look forward to coming into work and being around people you enjoyed being around. For example, when certains days felt longer than others it would be evident that we'd help one another pass the time. Throughout the duration of the program, we always learned from one another and were really beyond knowledgeable about Windows 8 and its products by the end of the program.  Although the job itself I could not consider in any way difficult, sometimes certain frustrations would arise due to faulty internet or software hiccups which would embarrassingly affect our pitches.  I really enjoyed the concept of \"counting the wow's\". To me \"wow's\" confirmed that the product experience we were sharing would be something very memorable for whoever I would be speaking to. ", " I am a person that loves culture. If the culture of my work place is great I am usually content. This organization had terrible culture. The employees were always angry and it always seemed like the vendor was trying to cut corners where they could. Employees were usually cheated out of bonuses and pay raises so the company could profit. ", " I gained a lot of working knowledge of mobile testing from this experience, getting working experience on Windows Server, Power Shell and Remote Control tools. This experience gave me good exposure to effective communication and working as a team member. ", " I enjoyed my time at the Microsoft store immensely. I was hired with a great team that worked well together and for the most part all did their best to look out for one another and help their teammates grow and achieve their goals. Other than the training experience I think Microsoft is a great, rounded place to work that wants to see you achieve. ", " I worked four ten hour shifts as an employee for HP working in a Microsoft owned data center. The pay was great and the job was fun and enjoyable. Although it was a graveyard shift job, the shift differential and co-workers made it very enjoyable. I highly recommend working here. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " I enjoyed my internship at Microsoft, though working on some of their weak products that everyone knew were some of the worst in the industry made me not want to go back. ", " Knowledge of .Net Framework, Garbage Collection, TCP/IP, Active Directory, WCF, WPF, UI Automation, coded UI, serialization/deserialization, accessibility ", " Fun work environment. Work load is high due to the fast-paced. So many new processes to learn. Great opportunity for a self-growth and move up the ladder. ", " I really enjoyed this place, I am a gamer too which made it even more enjoyable, I am currently looking too get my little brother in this kind of job he is 16 and I was 16 at the time ", " I was a contractor at Microsoft.  I loved the work; very challenging.  Although, it was very difficult to get hired as a direct employee. ", " such a great place to work nice people nice enviorment it was just a 6 month contract i wish that turned into permanent hands down best job i ever worked at ", " Too many cooks in the kitchen, conflicting egos all the time ", " Loved working for arvato company , many opportunities to go higher up the ladder, friendly staff ", " Microsoft work very hard to maintain the existing software by fixing bugs.  They have good system of bug reviews and fixes. ", " We had a good time to work with all members in the team. Had learn new technologies, way of thinking \"out of box experience\". ", " VERY BUSY DURING THE WORK DAY. MEETING AND GREETING VISITORS. DELIVERING AND SHIPPING OUT MAIL VIA UPS ETC...  ENJOYABLE IS MEETING PEOPLE AND HELPING AS MUCH AS I COULD. ", " Had a very good experience working with a very supportive team. Our boss was a very considerate person and managed our team very efficiently. ", " Good knowledgeable people who strive to get the job done. Open or freedom to work on your schedule as long as you get your tasks done. ", " I have a lot of fun in Microsoft, It is always something new to change and challenge our minds to do better ", " Challenging and inspirational atmosphere driving individuals and teams to achieve their greatest potential, while delivering world class products and services. ", " More training would've been beneficial to the position. I was thrown on the floor and not really told what to do or how to do it. ", " Its a best Place to work for, timings are great. a multi cultural atmosphare at work. ", " Great learning curve and challenging atmosphere. Had to work with three members handling 250 students between us. the support staff was excellent. ", " It was great working at Microsoft. I was surrounded by great technology and was able to talk with customers about it. ", " A company who is passionate about helping others achieve goals. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Great place to work, unless they lay you off.  I had a lot of fun making a difference in the daily lives of billions of people through my test work on Windows. ", " I would enjoy going back with the team at Microsoft licensing, however never enjoyed the winter storm commute,. ", " If you are a contract employee they will terminate your contract without ANY notice and without fair discussion of job performance! ", " Great team, challenging workload. Diverse group of personalities driving towards a common goal of changing the hearts and minds of consumers and businesses. ", " People oriented environment. Nice view of Charles River Free breakfast Free sodas ", " I would rather milk goats than ever work for MS again !  horrible, nothing but idiots ", " Its been so quick, and was so pleasure working in Microsoft, no word can review or evaluate this company. ", " It was great working at Microsoft. I was surrounded by great technology and was able to talk with customers about it. ", " Creating new part numbers, building BOM (bill of materials) for all Servers, Networks and SANs worldwide. ", " I was a contractor at Microsoft.  I loved the work; very challenging.  Although, it was very difficult to get hired as a direct employee. ", " A good and organized company. Both co workers and manager are nice and friendly. In addition, I have so many chance to learn in here. ", " Great company to work with. Excellent attitude to personnel. Lovely co workers and a great atmosphere to work in. ", " The work I did with Insight Global/Microsoft was very interesting work especially with working with all the images that were given to me and the other people I worked with ", " Assigned to the Enterprise Data Modeling team in support of recently acquired Nokia.  Good enterprise data model and methods.  Great team. ", " nice experience, loved to be the MSP (microsoft student partner), i was the only student from my college to be an MSP, the working environment and everything was super awesome. ", " Loved working for arvato company , many opportunities to go higher up the ladder, friendly staff ", " People here are moderate but productive. People are easy to get along with and are helpful as a team. ", " Productive and fun place to work. Great Team New projects and skills to learn New opportunities provided ", " Had a very good experience working with a very supportive team. Our boss was a very considerate person and managed our team very efficiently. ", " I love the company. It is a good company but not a nice company. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " A lot of challenges and extremely hard ramp up but good company ", " -assist customer understand TV products and assist iun decision making  learned the difference between lcd/plasma -better understood audio configurations -better understood TV calibrations  -management  worked by numbers (MBO) not the best group, but they did try to make it a stress free environment  co-workers were a fun group of people  hardest part of the job, getting a full time position  Most enjoyable part of the job, being update on technology daily ", " -CALL CENTER ENVIRONMENT -I've learned that management only likes #'s dispite that they only tell maybe 1/4 of the story. -Customers expect you to do things that we can not do &amp; sometimes do not like our recommendations -I learned to be patient, -I've learned to gather information from customers to best assist them with their issues -I've learned that certain domain registrars do not allow customers to insert certain types of DNS records -I learned how to utilize tools to better understand issue customers face related to Outlook/Outlook connectivity (i.e. Microsoft Remote Connectivity Analyzer, Outlook Configuration Analyzer Tool, &amp; Microsoft Outlook Baseline Diagnostic) -I've learned to take a customers negative experience &amp; turn it into a positive one -Management tries to facilitate an environment that is customer centerd, but do not allow agents to do their best @ all times because of nuances like having over 3 calls waiting in queue to be answered -But management does try to insure that we getting a basic training..though they havent set aside the best times for us to get trained -Coworkers: some are true Team players while others slander work ethics..which some come from minor mistakes made by insufficient time to document cases -The hardest part of the job is helping a customer on something I have little to no experience with &amp; the customer is not willing to make it a joint learning/teaching exprience. -THE most enjoyable part of the job is solving a basic issue and the customer uberly prasies us as agents...best feeling.. another is the perks we get in terms of microsoft ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> product downloads/discounts ", " Work-life balance varies by team and role. Some teams are more collaborative than others. Overall a good company to work for. ", " Microsoft is a good place to work at. You will solve challenging problems which will help build the state-of-the-art software platform. ", " I have been working within the Sales Excellence team of Microsoft Advertising, ensuring the timely delivery of key business Projects and deliverables. I am heavily involved in the creation of operational metrics that help both on an operational level as well as new insights for senior management; Key Measures such as ROI, productivity, average yield and product focus are only part of the key metrics that I have been involved in measuring. The analytics that I am actively involved in help improve and increase rigor around the strategic direction of our UK business. ", " Good Company and takes care of their employees very well. You tend to learn atleast a new thing everyday and that is what drives us here. ", " Work at Microsoft is very fun and this company does an amazing job at motivating it's employees. I learned a lot about technology during my assignment, including Microsoft Office, various PCs and community and business development. Management did an amazing job accommodating every single one of their employees, including the temp hires. Hardest part of the job was cramming in SO MUCH information in the 5 months I was there; however, it was not impossible and the resources available made learning easier. My favorite part of working at Microsoft was how the company runs on diversity and that we were encouraged to learn, to further become experts in sales and technology. ", " A day with Microsoft was pretty cut and dry. Our department was a resolve team for the online store for Microsoft. If a customer ordered something and anything went wrong our department would take care of the situation and customer as quickly as possible. The days were pretty repetitive in our daily functions. ", " Love my job and the company but am originally from Tarpon Springs, Fl and was moved to Fargo, ND. Do not like the cold or environment. would like to move back home to family. ", " For 11 years of my life I worked at Microsoft in a variety of sales roles. The career development potential was fantastic and I owe a lot of where I am today to their development strategy for employees.  With their market challenge (monopoly in OS and other areas) growth is fairly hard for a sales rep. This does give one very specific advantages as far as name brand recognition, however, it can be challenging to grow a book of business as their yield of net new products hitting the market cannot meet the quota expectations in the long run.  The roles I had were fun and exciting for the most part. Management can be a bit redundant as new management comes on old challenges are address with a rather repetitive zeal. That is, there are changes in operational process which were done once in another business group and found to be lacking in execution before.  Overall I loved working here for my 11 years. ", " Always learning new things and the Company is excellent. The culture is good and are very motivational. I like the people I work with and the managers. I would recommend the Microsoft Store to anyone who loves technology and working with young people. ", " A typical day is like 5 customer care to give a tour of of Office 365 platform. Make report of customers, sales and record calls. Inform activity report of the help desk. Helping clients who have problems with the platform. Currently working for professional services.  I have not completed this information for reasons of professional ethics. ", " I have had a great career here at MS. As assistants you wear many hats and always have variety in your job. I have learned so many more skills than when I came here. I enjoy being part of a good team and look forward to new challenges everyday. ", " It was a nice job, unfortunately it was on temporary. It was awesome working for Microsoft with the given Managers and Associates. We all worked hard together to get things done, and that was he best thing about working for this company. It was totally team work. ", " Lack of creative culture, Lures you with benefits but sweatshop mentality once you're a full time employee. They have a tendency to promote character assassination to justify dismissal. This is and org that teaches that there must always be one employee that is not hitting targets. Its not about competencies its about Likability at the company. If you chose this as a place to work you'll be engaged daily in trying to keep you job rather than doing your job ", " I was involved in the Microsoft OA 3.0, have on-boarded 33 OEMs onto a new Digital Operations Centre portal, consulted OEM company admins, administrated the portal. In my everyday workflow I was resolving OEM issues using CRM and ITSM solutions on daily basis. The team is just perfect. High class professionals, team players and very dedicated people. The best team I've ever worked with. The most enjoyable part of the job was at the start of the project, when no one knew what issues can arise and what we can expect. Analyzing and resolving issues on the go was really exciting. ", " Microsoft is an aggressive place to work - networking and managing up is critical, as perception (rather than actual performance) is key to success.  Each division is very different and it's worth speaking to people who work there, to help ensure you'll fit in.  Most Microsofties are sharp, articulate and very able people. ", " Typical work day is a lot of standing around. Weekends were busy. I learned about some of the new products that Microsoft has to offer. Manager was good, but not a great manager of people. Co-workers were nice, and made everyday enjoyable to be at work. The hardest part of the job was keeping busy when the days were slow and I have completed the task at hand. I most enjoyable part of the job was interaction with the customers. ", " One of the best company if not the best that I've ever worked for! "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " The job wasn't hard, but the restraints for the job are stressful and the requirements change constantly so you have to adjust frequently to change. I wasn't impressed with their training. Training consisted of four weeks in class. The training changed on us three times so by the time we hit the floor and started taking calls I was confused because the calls I was taking were calls that I wasn't trained to handle. Time restraint for the calls were nine minutes and very difficult to manage due to the lack of understanding customer issues, and the real problem so I could direct them to the correct engineer and/or technician. I enjoyed helping customers with their issues and I learned a lot about microsoft products. My co-workers were great helping with issues and products I wasn't familiar with. Their were some managers that were great to work with and others that were difficult and did not help but would increase the stress levels. The pay did not suit the environment, it was very low pay for the increasing stress and the high call volume. There is a very high turnover rate with this company. ", " Microsoft is the best technology company and affects so many people. The spread of personal computers and the software to make people so efficient. This is a major contribution Micosoft made to the world. ", " Provided customers with prompt service and quality beverages while being friendly and enegetic. ", " Great place to work. They expect a lot out of you, but they also invest a lot into each individual employee. ", " A typical day at work would be speaking to every customer and asking them if they have any question about anything in the store. I would have to keep my area clean and make sure the store looks presentable. I've learned how to work Window 8 and also how to gives demo's of our products to customers. The hardest part of the job was to try to find the exact person to answer some technical questions about the customers device. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people everyday. ", " Thoroughly enjoyed my time working here. It was a great learning experience working on a fantastic product. ", " I get to provide great customer service, learn about technology and have fun ", " it was ok to work for this company. not the best to work for. the worker i worked with were an odd group. ", " Passionate, great environment to work in. Source of great and promising technology, would never leave - but was tracked and hired by my boss from the past - followed him to Halliburton. ", " Working in the financial department it was not very stimulating. However there is a great work environment, people are mostly flexible and there is a good work life balance. ", " Great place to acquire knowledge base...a very friendly culture...employee learned to team together to solve some of the most unpredictable issues concerning operating system of all kinds. ", " During the early days we had fun, internal and external competition and healthy environment.  After MS bought us out we had to grow up :-)  What a ride; A campus like atmosphere Great peers Work hard played hard  Simply the best ", " Management and other team staff were very respectful to your place on the staff and were very low pressure on most projects. This allowed me to take some extra time to do things right without the high pressures of over-demanding deadlines. ", " Always upbeat and energetic. Lots of team building. Great work enviornment. ", " I liked this job because I wasnt standing on my feet all day , I could go wherever I wanted in the warehoue. ", " The good: - Microsoft is a great company where you learn a lot fast. - Great benefits. - Tons of opportunities to learn and contribute. - Very good salary.  The bad: - Very hard to have a life outside work, for instance, to continue your education. Not impossible, but very hard. - Tons of pressure, tons of stress. In many cases all avoidable. - Too much process, and not enough coding. - Too much competition, no culture of collaboration and winning as a team. ", " The diversity is amazing. It's so neat to work with so many people from all over the world. Microsoft is like a very large family. The people are amazing and they make the job worth it. It's fast paced a lot of the time and handling a calendar effectively is and absolute must. Great Customer Service is essential ", " a place where everyone can be one big family and work together and sell. ", " No where is the axiom that your job is only as good as your manager more true than at Microsoft. While there are some great managers there are also some that are not. If your manager does poorly, you will too. ", " Numerous opportunities to take on big projects, but the review model does not encourages cooperation. In fact, it encourages too much internal competition and making yourself look good. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " CSR AGENT SUPPORTED BOTH SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE APPLICATIONS TO HELP CUSTOMERS GET ON LINE ", " Great camaraderie with the other slaves.  Performance system stifles talent. Hopefully that is changing. ", " I am happy that I had an opportunity to work as an intern at such a great and international company as Microsoft. ", " It helped me to realise I can do the job very well. Communication was the basic day to day with clients Providing their needs ", " High-tech, Intelligent and smart people, good working environment, good benefit etc. ", " Good place to work.  Quick paced, always something new.  Very enjoyable ", " This event has bring developers together to work on their dream app for kick start the windows 8, such  great time to work with other developers as a team ", " Regional Training Manager for Microsoft account.  I covered a 3 state territory training and representing Windowsphone mobile devices.  ", " Working offsite has some disadvantages. The Washington state team is very \"about them\". ", " start by writing the work plan for the day and then immediately swing to action ", " I enjoyed the opportunity to work this contract, I was able to contribute my skill-set to the team ", " Do not care to complete this It deteriorated over the last few years It was once a great company It loses great people day by day even leaders are talking about leaving ", " Main job requirements are communicating with customers via email and drafting license agreements through an automated system. ", " Microsoft is an exciting company to work for.   Good strategy - Cloud first mobile first  Great people  Rewards and pay are at a good level ", " horrible manager but had fun. if you are not a people person then this job is not for you ", " Lots of smart people, all working in a bloated environment.  Hard to stand out from the crowd. ", " I want to Join MS back again. Good environment to work in. Lots of resources. chance to learn new stuff. ", " Worked for Samsung through Mosaic Solutions  - Highly supportive with information regarding products ", " A fun environment to work in with tons of free resources available to everyone ", " Fast paced, entreprenurial environment which helped with healthy competition both internally and externally. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " \uf0d8\tFull lifecycle recruiter - Recruited Developers, SDET and Program Managers for Microsoft Corporation. \uf0d8\tPartnered with hiring managers, discuss the position requirements and understand the ideal skill sets they are looking for. \uf0d8\tPlan on an efficient way of sourcing candidates to fulfill the requirements. \uf0d8\tInteracting with the candidates for various positions (Developer, Test and PM) matching their skills with the teams requirements and screening them as needed.  \uf0d8\tConsult and strategize with Managers and HR partners to support client talent needs and create a candidate pool. \uf0d8\tSchedule candidate interviews and build full-interview loops which sometimes could span across days, different Microsoft locations and time zones. Plus negotiating with interviewers on their schedules. \uf0d8\tWorked on various internal tools like HeadTrax, IV portals, HR sites to track the job requirements, candidates and their interview feedbacks. \uf0d8\tBe a point of contact for the candidates, help them prepare for the interviews and address any questions/concerns they have.  \uf0d8\tBuilt strong positive relationships with the Hiring managers as well as the candidates. ", " Managing Data Center for Hotmail and live.com servers. Managing 24 X 7 environment. ", " Good place to practice software marketing skills, in a global environment. ", " Love working here, good company, great work environment and excellent co workers ", " This is an incredible company with a lot of pull.  People are very happy to work here. ", " Every day you were trusted to manage your own schedule based on your workload. This provided people the opportunity to learn about leading your own business unit which was approximately 350 employees. Management trusted that you were doing a good job and were there in case of escalations or other support. One time when I had too much on my plate I let my manager know so that could have a proactive notification of where any escalations and/or complaints may come from in the client groups. When a complaint did arise from lack of bandwidth my manager stood behind me. My team was built of knowledgeable HR professionals that existed like a family always there to support each other.  The hardest part of the job was the passion that we all felt towards the company mission. This lead to a self imposed lack of work life balance.  The most enjoyable part of the job were the people that you worked with. They were intelligent, friendly and honest about where things stood with their work. ", " A good place to work and learn new things , good people and relations where we can find healthy work culture ", " Microsoft is still driven by the \"grow corporate accounts at any cost\" mentality. ", " cool staff. good environment. management is difficult. go in, drink coffee, start the day. hard part of job would be management. ", " a place where everyone can be one big family and work together and sell. ", " Great Company to work for. I had great 8 years working for one of the top software company in the world ", " challenges that really impact community, either puiblic or private environnement. ", " As an account manager you work as the lead of of a core and virtual team of resources. ", " Working for Microsoft, I learned that they like to TALK a lot about work/life balance. But in reality, the job always comes first, no matter what. If a project or certain tasks needed to be done in the evenings or over the weekend, then regardless of what else you have planned, you were expected to change or cancel your plans at the drop of a hat and work. The most enjoyable part of the job was working with great team members. The hardest part was watching that team get broken up in what appeared to me to be nothing more than pursuit of the almighty dollar. Prior to being acquired by Microsoft, our team was focused and dedicated to the principles of helping others, saving lives and making the world a better place. We all LOVED what we did, because we knew we were making a difference. However, after the acquisition, the focus quickly changed from helping others to selling software and making as much money as possible. In my opinion, success doesn't come from making empty promises and pushing software on clients. It comes from being genuine in your desire to help them and then delivering what you say you will deliver. ", " Dishonest, management sucks. Managers hire friends with no skills. ", " I could tell more in the interview or exchange the letter. Thanks ", " Extensive multitasking and relationship management skills and highly enjoyable. ", " Fun energetic environment with people from all walks of life. ", " Being in a company for quite a long time I will be really missing the team. ", " Very relaxed environment, most things are learned on the fly you MUST adapt to your surroundings quickly! "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Good place to work if you are looking to park. This place needs new leadership. ", " Microsoft sells its products primarily through partners. I worked for the largest enterprise ERP Latin American partner (ITS-Dynamics) and really enjoyed launching the U.S. business. The start up nature of the U.S. business meant that benefits were minimal but the pay scale was competitive. Invenio wasn't as much a software partner as a contract sales organization with an essentially telesales, crowded, cube environment. What I liked most about Invenio was that I was able to broaden my knowledge of Microsoft products and services beyond ERP. ", " The vendor and contractor experience is great at Microsoft, i got to work at various groups from Music, cloud services to taxes but the vendor conditions is not secure employment ", " Good Place to work. Testing is Fun, but Im looking for more challenging work. ", " A typical day at work was checking the email sent overnight, handling any problem or request that needed an immediate attention. Check my workload for any new studies sent my way and coordinate my day on which study i will call on to fill. I learned more how to time manage better with detailed deadlines as well as learn how to recruit by phone on finding specifics based on a number of traits. I learned a little bit more about Excel. Management was okay there. There was an open door policy so anything i wanted to share or ask, someone was there to help out. Co-workers on my team were very supportive, we definitely were a team there supporting each other. They were fun to socialize and work with. Hardest part of the job was finding people with a very strict and specific trait that didn't want to participate or weren't available. The most enjoyable part of the job was feeling of filling a study to capacity, the occasional free food brought by the team and working with my co-workers. ", " Worked there in 95, it was fun, enjoyable and at times crazy. The staff and management work well together ", " I have never worked anywhere where you had so many career opportunities, to learn new things, work at new customer sites, and grow. But it all came at a price which was compensation was less than desirable, the work life balance was almost non-existent, and performance reviews were extremely tough. ", " My first call center account. I've only been and agent for 3 months and got promoted as a reports analyst and then realtime analyst. Promotion is easy with MS XBOX if you are a hardworking person. my co workers are easy to deal with. support is always there when you need it. hardest part of the job is when volume is at its peak you never get to talk to the person beside you due to the queue. But there are time that we get to play XBOX and this is what I miss the most. ", " Microsoft was an easy place to work out because I did not have to deal with micro management. I had the ability to meet my deliverables with no sense of pressure. ", " I really enjoy working in MSFT. My manager is very helpful, my co-workers are kind. The working environment is excellent, with the great compensation and benefits. ", " I like the organisation, they have good locations and generally are positive however there are limited opportunities to promote and I am super surprised this engine has forced me to share this information ", " Microsoft thinks big and delivers. In regards to staffing, Microsoft pursues high level talent in all disciplines. I enjoyed the collaboration, the execution of delivering top talent to large business groups and building relationships with hiring teams. Microsoft's flexibility in work-life balance is top class. It's a results-only work environment. ", " highly political, alot of churn. Work is not recognized  Ride manager wave up, catch a good manager and you're golden. ", " Good culture and facility for employees, provide free transpotation to employees. Would like to seek long term/perm position for this company. ", " Too many cooks in the kitchen, conflicting egos all the time ", " Responsible for setting your own yearly goals and working with managers to achieve them. Opportunities in IT to test software before public release. ", " First 2 years were fun, but as the organization grew, specialization and mission creep grew. Success there depends upon whether you have a good manager or not. ", " fun, energetic place to work, friendly enviroment, many opportunities for advancement. ", " Working offsite has some disadvantages. The Washington state team is very \"about them\". ", " Innovative, collaborative campus environment, challenging work, great products! "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Great place to work while you're young, competitive, and ambitious. You will either make it or not and if you make it, you'll be well compensated. Plan to work long hours with talented people. ", " Completed Courses (Microsoft University)  OEM/Hardware Training Information worker Microsoft Authorized Education re-Seller Networking Infrastructure Better Together Online Security Solutions Licensing and software asset Management Cloud Computing Education Desktop Server Consolidation Dynamics CRM Exchange Server SharePoint Server 2010 Office 365 for Education Live@EDU Manage and Deploy Licenses One Note Visual Studio Windows 7 Office 2010 ", " Working for Microsoft was terrific. I learned so much in the three years I worked for them. However, I actually worked \"for\" Kelly Services (and Corestaff Services) with my position being at Microsoft (contract positions). Kelly Services was a great agency to work through. I'd work with them again without reservation (both Kelly Services and Microsoft)! My representative was top notch! ", " A pretty cutthroat competitive environment since you're just one among tons of very very smart people. A good place to start out your career but not an easy place to build a long career. ", " working with Microsoft is a really good experience, not the same working with the companies that Microsoft hired to do his Tech Support ", " Innovative, and great culture to personally, technically, or career wise develop. ", "   Currently Working with Ghantoot Group as a Project Head/IT Engineer.   Around 5 years of experience in Software Development including Software Analysis, Database Programming and Architecture that includes Data Modeling, Tech Analysis, Requirement Gap Analysis, Performance Tuning, Development, Testing and Release Management and Maintenance.   Strong problem solving and analytical skills supported with good interpersonal, communication and Leadership skills.   Sound knowledge on almost all the stages in Software Development Life Cycle.   Experience of working in Programming development project for the entire span of 5 years. ", " I am proud working for Microsoft and would praise their management model, despite frequent business realignments ", " As a Microsoft employee I have no complaints at all over how I was treated as an employee. One can always question business decisions by upper management. We reported into an excellent remotegroup in Issaquah, WA. ", " Great place to work, great benefits. Navigate the ambuiguity and you'll do fine. ", " Everyone had a eye on the ball and focused on achievement. Management was focused on themselves and not on the success of the teams needs and skill sets ", " I enjoyed my internship at Microsoft, though working on some of their weak products that everyone knew were some of the worst in the industry made me not want to go back. ", " Good pay and benefits, but its all talk and no walk when it comes to the culture they preach. ", " I had a very flexible schedule and was greeted by friendly employees. I learned how to talk with and counsel employees. The hardest part was firing employees. The most enjoyable was buying lunch for everyone. ", " As a contractor, depending on the group at Microsoft, it may or may not be the place for you. One would think that people would generally feel like they are on the same team, but in reality it is a very cut-throat, competitive environment. Management doesn't always know how to manage either. I do not recommend this company. ", " A typical day starts around 9:00 with partners calling from all over the Middle east countries that I cover. a frustrated partner calls from Iraq where i least expected that day to bring any business. he was frustrated shouting all the time about a price issue and i avoided him many times taking care of my more business generators' partners. the pressures rises up, tension spreads around the office each pulling one side of the rope. times goes so fast and you feel the day running away from you without being able to finish your tasks. and the annoying partner keeps calling. suddenly, in the middle of the chaos, i loose my tamper and decide to go for a smoke. there, i get a message from the screaming partner telling me he had a huge deal to close. I rush back to the office and i call him, then try to calm him down and i discovered that the guy was not actually screaming or shouting. it was is way of talking and i closed my day concluding an amazing deal with him. how i would have missed if i haven't called this guy. the lesson is never to rely on perceptions and never underestimate anyone no matter who he might be. I should give attention to all partners trying to better communicate with each of them since we have a difference of cultures. this is the hardest task to do understanding and adapting with all cultures and being able to keep one distance from everyone. the day ends, the deal is closed, all the tension goes. a worrior tired smiles draws on our faces. go sleep guys, tomorrow is another day! ", " Things always constantly change. You have to be able to embrace change. ", " - Championing the customer and advertiser experience to improve our products. - A start-up-like environment, change being dynamic. Being able to \"snap\" to change is an important element of my job. - Initiate collaborations with Microsoft Research on future paid search philosophies. - I have learnt to embrace change rather than fight it. - Hardest part of my role is getting everyone on the same page. This can be challenging based on the number of people involved and the levels of authority. - I work with some sharp, intelligent people who always see the bigger picture while also understanding the detail of what we do. - I love the people, that's what makes me enjoy what I do. ", " horrible manager but had fun. if you are not a people person then this job is not for you ", " Every co-worker : had things to talk in common. Every customer : willing to do business with you. Every manager : willing to teach and coach you. Every company event: joyful than anything. Everyday : new things learnt  I loved to work at Microsoft. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Great company to work with. Always under pressure, but lots of learning. ", " Never a dull moment, lots of interesting products to work on, in an industry that is changing every minute. ", " As a 10 year employee, I can't agree more with the write up recently posted on Vanity Fair (Search \"vanity+fair lost+decade\"). This company eats its own and spits out mediocrity. ", " Good knowledgeable people who strive to get the job done. Open or freedom to work on your schedule as long as you get your tasks done. ", " If you love programming, everything will fall into place. Passive-Agressive culture is hard to adapt to at times. ", " If you're the best, you'll be treated like a king. If you're just normal (by MS standards, which is the best at most other jobs), then you'll be under-appreciated. Good pay, lots of 50+ hour weeks. Fun atmosphere, with lots of morale events and talented fun people. ", " They say there is a team there for everyone. Also some say that the corporate culture borders on culty kool-ade. Things sure are different with Ballmer at the helm. ", " My day to day duties change depending on what the needs are for the team. I can go from making employee changes all day to planning a 3 day event. Working at Micorosft I have learned to better communicate my ideas, and how I feel things will benefit as a team not just for myself. My Co-workers are accepting, challenging, and easy going for the most part. They keep me on my toes, and they always make sure that we are all on the same page. The hardest part of my job would be the fact of taking time off. I am one person who gets additcted to my job, so I tend to work a lot. The best part of my job is the feeling I get knowing that I make a huge difference in a lot of peoples day to day jobs, knowing that I make things flow for the day, month or even the year. ", " worked late night and on weekends also. Management was strict and not helpful. Learned to deal hard time ", " Microsoft is a good company.  Their review/calibration model is very political and is more rumor/opinion based than fact based. It is not really based on commitments and how you achieved them but rather what people who do not know your work well at all have heard about you.  Hours are very long. I have recently cut back from 70 hours/week to 50 hours and the work is growing exponentially.Not enough resources and burn out is a common occurence. ", " There are so many projects and so much to learn, it can be overwhelming.  Pay is good, but benefits are somewhat expensive. Stack ranking is sometimes based on how \"popular\" you are with your immediate supervisor.  I've been on several times and schedules in a year and will probably continue to adjust as different projects come online and others are shipped overseas (we test out new projects and then ship them to India, Phillipines or other overseas places).  Management is often disconnected as they might be in a different country. Therefore the TLs run things.  You don't bring your work home and you are expected to work 40 hours (for a full timer) and no more. ", " Work alongside very smart and hard working people. Culture breeds \"hero\" efforts. Really helps to join successful business within the company. Struggling units force desperate measures by management and teams. This can be uncomfortable place to be.  Once inside the company it's quite possible to navigate to groups and businesses one prefers based upon career goals.  Don't shy away, just be focused on successful business units and know what you are getting into. A technically driven company. ", " Pull, pack, and ship finished goods. Report directly to supervisor and Co-workers. The hardest of the job was contact with supervisor.Good part of job, help from other departments and Co-workers. ", " Coordinating agreements via postal mail and interoffice. Maintaining data integrity in database. ", " Main job requirements are communicating with customers via email and drafting license agreements through an automated system. ", " collaborating across teams, impacting and influencing multiple stakeholder in various parts of the busines and demonstrating how you do what you do to make the difference. the environment if very laid back; you're always allowed to be yourself; dress,style, etc. ", " Responsible for implementation, management, and approval of 4 Microsoft Companies payroll sitting in the Reno NV location. I became CPP while working at Microsoft. Also held General Accountant duties including A/P, Disbursements, lengthy and tricky Bank reconciliations, payroll journal entries, balance sheets recons, A/P accruals, taxable gifts, expense report auditing, unclaimed property lead, site-wide communication of payroll and A/P close deadlines, SAP, and supervisory responsibilities of vendor support staff. Most enjoyable part of the job was the ever changing environment-never bored. Required overtime and initiative to get job done. ", " As the founder and main talent buyer, I thoroughly enjoyed the time I had with my business. I had a handful of friends and employees that dedicated their time and energy to create a terrific atmosphere for local and national musicians. Managing everything at such a young age with only one other business partner taught me some of the most important career traits possible; dedication, perseverance, team work, management, etc. ", " This was a collection of very tallented/focussed people. The work was demanding, the rewards commensurate. The biggest challenge, for the salaried employee, is juggling work and home. ", " it was a very good company overall. Had great co-workers the pay was ok. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Very fun place to work for. This is a small office where the team spirit is very high. ", "  \tRe-image 35,000 Windows XP &amp; 7 machines to Windows 7 64 bit OS, and perform ALL necessary upgrade and change requests per users ", " Good Place to work. Testing is Fun, but Im looking for more challenging work. ", " '[serve my country, travel the world.  Low pay, but satisfying. ", " Nice place to work, everyone was very supportive and helpful. ", " overall good people that want to do the right thing for the customer. ", " Expert Systems is Microsoft Gold Partner's Company and i really learn and enjoy to work with this company. ", " It was a good job, and taught me a lot of different things about Microsoft and Networking ", " Beautiful office space in downtown Boulder. Productive and professional work group. ", " Company is too big.  People have lost their identities as people. ", " Things always constantly change. You have to be able to embrace change. ", " Microsoft is still driven by the \"grow corporate accounts at any cost\" mentality. ", " worked in a sales organization for the first time. Microsoft was inward (and not customer) focused. ", " Opportunities to try out initiatives; Number driven business decisions; ", " It was a temp job. It was an internship. The bonuses were great. I made $1000 because of bonuses. ", " great place to work I always had fun it was a great place to have fun ", " I wish to learn more in Microsoft but unfortunately I cannot due to more responsibilities. ", " Currently focused on partner development and revenue expansion targets for embedded software growth .  ", " Best company I've ever been with. Nothing bad about it. Love the people. ", " A lot of challenges and extremely hard ramp up but good company "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Positive happy people in the Sales Ops department. THinkers, movers, shakers. The most enjoyable job I've had, hands down. Work hard, play hard. ", " Learning alot about Ecommerce and customizable payment systems for BGs ", " Loved working for arvato company , many opportunities to go higher up the ladder, friendly staff ", " Microsoft demands a lot of its employees and rewards them with a nice health care package, decent vacation pay, and occasional other perks (merchandise, group outings, etc.). Unfortunately, tides are shifting and more of those perks are being phased out as cost-saving measures and business efficiency become the company's primary focus. ", "   Debugged for C# programming project base support in enterprise network banking system.   Supported consultant for lab system connection trouble shooting and testing.   Designed SharePoint web and envision center portal configuration.   Provided interview testing content for students program.   Conducted in Hyper-V images pool for private cloud demo. ", " 12+ years\u2014some good middle managers, mostly nincompoops. Perf. reviews (end of FY and mid-year) take up1/4- 1/3 of all time spent working. Highly political, not,recommended for working mothers in particular. Lots,of male cronyism goes on. Hard to move up as,individual contributor. Women earn, on average, 10-25% less than male counterparts. A known fact. ", " The work is overwhelming, lack of training to employees, no work life balance ", " The review and compensation system is a product of upper management culture, and is toxic at all levels. Benefits are great, so good for family oriented types, but work/life balance isn't great, so good luck spending any time with your family.  Middle management gets almost no people-management training. Terrible at onboarding new people - it's sink or swim, especially for mid/senior industry hires. They're good at the engineering part - just not the human part.  Some groups more cut-throat than others. Best advice for anyone planning to stay long-term is to push until you get a good review or promotion on your current team, and then immediately start looking for a new team/group internally. You'll get a grace period where you're bringing new ideas and making impact, and then after a year or two, move again.  Timing is everything. Pay close attention to when management starts thinking about review calibrations, and try to hit your stride at the right time. (Late spring through June/July) ", " Great employer, fun colleagues, good work life balance. Tough to secure a permenant role in the company. ", " Microsoft is a fantastic company with great benefits, excellent diversity, and exciting dynamics. I would recommend it to anyone. Too bad I couldn't bring my job with me to Atlanta! ", " A GPTW winner for two consecutive years Microsoft Poland remains true to its values. The organizational culture is defined by the experience of respect and support and above all, true on job learning and development. ", " Microsoft is a challenging and rewarding place to work. The company's compensation and benefits are good and ample learning and growth opportunities are available. The quality of management is sheerly dependent upon the group, the hardest part of the job is navigating and influencing change in such a large organization, and the most enjoyable part of the job is the company's general willingness to allow its employees to work from outside of the office. ", " To be part of the BICI - CIMS Email Marketing Team has been a fantastic experience. In the past year I've learned a lot about data quality, targeting, content review and marketing privacy requirements. My teammates are fun, enthusiastic and knowledgeable. Reaching out to millions of people worldwide to market Microsoft products has been a challenging and rewarding experience. ", " Developer of world class technologies and software, which enable organizations or all sizes to colaborate and share information. ", " Learned a great deal of expierence working for Microsoft. The most enjoyable part of the position was the technology advancements in the company. ", " learning new products and technology amazing networking company leading in their industry large organization with lots of opportunities wonderful environment ", " Opportunities to try out initiatives; Number driven business decisions; ", " in 2005 they were using waterfall. The use of contractors made a big them/us type of mentality. Review the salary before working there. ", " I loved working at Microsoft and with the diverse group of individuals in Commercial Technical Support. The culture is laid back, casual attire, but also very passionate about software and helping customers and companies to be successful. A very rewarding place to work and also highly competitive. ", " -Working with Students to promote Microsoft's latest products -Fun working environment -Excellent exposure to Microsoft employees "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Lively chaos gone Global: free training, free rein on travel, work with some of the best minds. Essentially no budget constraints for program managers. Differs widely between divisions. Innovative management methodology: management requests objectives from the employee but revisions required until approved. ", " We would tweet for up to 10 hours a day, while handling multiple clients at once. Our ability to provide Xbox customer support was unsurpassed by any other brand on twitter. Coworkers were great, the Management was great, but being up at 4:30 everyday and tweeting wasn't a job i could do for a long time. I loved the environment and the people as well as the product we supported. ", " You can't go wrong when you are working on creating games at Microsoft Gaming Studios. The only complaint I have from here is the lack of advancement. It's not really Microsoft's fault per se, its all gaming industries.  Being a part of Biotech now, I see how slow the gaming industry is in career advancement. Other than that, I loved working for Microsoft Gaming Studios and would happily recommend it to others looking to get in. ", " Many employees work from home like myself did. I learned how to handle million dollar budgets, maintain a successful timeline for all events assigned and to be swift on my feet ", " I enjoyed working for Microsoft in Redmond, Washington. I worked with very good technically savy individuals. ", " The beauty about working in a factory is that it works like a clock. We are all connected and if one department does not go, the others will have to stop too. So it is a team work. We depend on each other to have a production shipped out of the door.  Loved the challenges and the competitive environment. It keeps you wanting to better yourself and to be productive and pro-active at the same time. It is contagious and every one wins! ", " A typical day would be going to every wireless and electronics retailer and training associates and management regarding Windows OS and Windows Phone OS - Once back in the office, running statistical data and behavioral analysis on competitors and creating strategic methods to enhance customer knowledge and increased sales for Microsoft products. I am always working with people and being a team player is absolutely essential. ", " As a contracted employee (Volt) I would say that it was a pleasure working with Microsoct professionals. There was a lot of diversity within the team and the types of professionals that we worked with. My daily or weekly tasks included: Planned and implemented marketing campaigns focused on Microsoft products and services. Developed strong communication skills working with student organizations, student government and professors. Weekly conference calls and personalized training with Microsoft employees. Extensive computer training; including knowledge of multiple networking mediums and business software packages. Hardest part of the job: management organization with on-going marketing campaigns. Most enjoyable part of the job: very laid back, hard working but fun environment &amp; got to work individually and as a team. ", " The benefits are good but you would have to be a real politically savvy individual to get anywhere in the culture ", " Each groups is its own unique company, it depends on your work style there is not a one size fits all. ", " I love working here, but opportunity to switch field to allow career growth is very limited. ", " As an account manager you work as the lead of of a core and virtual team of resources. ", " Its been so quick, and was so pleasure working in Microsoft, no word can review or evaluate this company. ", " I basically worked at Microsoft about 25 years too late. It's a giant, which means great scale and scope, but slow innovation and a complex web of politics. ", " Interesting place - full of great and smart people from everywhere around the world. Very entrepreunr culture but a lot of role duplicity. It is still am engineering company rather than a marketing one but it is trying hard to get there ", " Microsoft has great benefits and compensation but the work culture is becoming progressively worse. ", " Was here as a contractor, co-workers seem to hide knowledge and very competitive. I will go back as a full time employee not as a contractor. ", " Smart, Driven, Creative People. Always exciting, always competitive - inside and out. Rarely a dull moment when working on teams, against other team, versus outside competitors. ", " Good company to work for with great benefits and interesting work. ", " Great place to make a lot of connections and to better stream-line what it is that you are looking for in your career. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Microsoft is exciting and very fast paced. Management is more about making money than assisting you in your development. Extremely political atmosphere, almost toxic. ", " The environment was great. You work with a lot fo young people that are energetic and fun. Advancement from Contract to Hire was difficult and it seemed like, atleast the org I was in brought in more people from outside as oppose to hiring form within. ", " If you want to expand your knowledge base, MS is an awesome place to start. ", " Love my time at Microsoft, its give me incredible latitude to increase my skills and grow and a IT professional. They have many paths to a great and rewarding career. ", " Management teams at MSFT sucks. Managers have no ability to influence team members. People in Silicon Valley campus leave every week... ", " Although I was able to get some management skills this job made it hard to balance work and home life. Top level management were unfair, unwilling to work extra hours, and unwilling to listen and work as a management team ", " But has lots of drawbacks as well (incompetent managers, for instance). ", " It is not same nice to work place as it used to be. Best people who spent 10+ years at company leaving in numbers. ", " benefits and pay are ok. it's nice to have an office and the work is interesting, but you're going to work like crazy. It's tough to move ahead even if you're a rock star. ", " Good place to practice software marketing skills, in a global environment. ", " It feels like a great place to work at first, but the constant pressure and chaos begins to take its toll. I've heard stories of a few good departments, but the majority of the people I know who currently work there, or who have worked there, are deeply unhappy and constantly stressed to the point that their health was impacted and they ended up in hospital. In 8 years as a full-time employee, I had 11 changes in who I reported to. In addition, the yearly performance reviews are graded on a curve and there are quotas to give a number of \"bad\" reviews. Managers 2 levels about your own, can affect your score. Your individual success is usually at the cost of someone else. You are also penalized if you stay with the same team for more than about 4-5 years. This results in lots of employees transferring around and becoming masters of nothing. I've also worked with the worst managers of any company in my career. Little to nothing is done to remove bad managers either. I've seen a manager fired, and then hired back as a contractor. You may see great reviews about Microsoft being a great place to work, but keep in mind that many employees have never worked for other companies and are also afraid to tell the truth. ", " Working at Microsoft is like learning at Harvard. The best in class of every area are hired there and the culture of that melting pot is infused with a daily (sometimes hourly) \u201cdrinking from the firehose\u201d in creating and dispersing new technology and applications of that to the real world. ", " Great benefits. However, the performance review process creates an unhealthy atmosphere and culture. ", " I had mostly good experiences at MS. A good place to acquire and expand new technogolies. the working environment leaves a lot to be desired. I have left the start and end dates for this blank because I have had some 10 contracts at MS ", " Microsoft really cares about their employees and really takes care of them. Microsoft management is awesome and very professional, and was one of the best company's I've ever worked for. ", " The organization grew to be over 100,000 employees while I was there. When I started, there were fewer than 20,000 employees. As a result of this growth, it became far more bureaucratic. ", " I really like working at Microsoft,it was a great place to work I was there for 6yrs and hated that my position was out sourced to another company. I learned alot from the company and was able to take it any where else I went in life.I ran the shipping and receiving department as well as a year of help desk. A lot of softwears,I also learned. ", " Microsoft treats contractors as disposable resources. The values the company places on people in low level positions is pretty low. That said some individuals treat contractors very well. If i needed a job i would work here. ", " Microsoft is a dynamic, forward thinking organization, operating in a fast paced environment, where most employees believe they can make a difference. Always exploring new ways to improve processes and deliver more exciting products to market. ", " Over 10+ years, career development opportunities were presented regularly including increasing professional networks within and outside the company "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Very good place to work, with knowledgeable people, good ideas, and a flexible management structure. Interesting projects covering a broad range of areas. ", " - Escrit\u00f3rio bastante moderno e muito agrad\u00e1vel para trabalhar. - Empresa com processos bastante organizados e consolidados. ", " L'entreprise en elle m\u00eame est bien structur\u00e9e mais les d\u00e9cisions strat\u00e9giques ventes achats des services ne sont pas bien calcul\u00e9 s \u00e0 long terme comme le cas Nokia ", " Aprendi quase tudo que sei sobre Redes de computadores, e Infraestrutura nessa empresa. ", " O dia a dia da L4U \u00e9 muito leve devido ao bom relacionamento dentro da ag\u00eancia, pessoas bem humoradas e muito respeitosas. Mesmo com um fluxo din\u00e2mico de trabalho, o ambiente facilita que o seu dia seja tranquilo. ", " Es una gran empresa, siempre dispuestos a ayudarnos. ", " Microsoft lebt vor, wie Produkte zu L\u00f6sungen werden und diese unseren Alltag und die Berufswelt gestalten k\u00f6nnen. ", " L\u00e0 1 cty sx \u0111i\u1ec7n tho\u1ea1i \u0110\u1ea7y \u0111\u1ee7 \u0111i\u1ec1u ki\u1ec7n l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c.... L\u01b0\u01a1ng cao,ch\u1ebf \u0111\u1ecd t\u1ed1t... ", " Ultimo empleo en mi pais Colombia, donde empese como asesor comercial, con excelentes compa\u00f1eros los cuales me ayudaron a hacer carrera en la empresa acendi a mi segundo cargo como vendedor empresarial, el cual pase a asistenta administrativo de una tienda, clima laboral tranquilo donde todos haciamos universidad en el mismo ", " Trabajar con grandes profesionales, grandes compa\u00f1eros, l\u00edderes del sector. Empresa que cuida a sus empleados en todos los aspectos. Ambiente distendido, alegre, a pesar de las cargas de trabajo. ", " Uma empresa muito boa de se trabalhar, apesar da rigidez, excelentes beneficios aprendi muitas coisas sobre produ\u00e7\u00e3o de xbox, excelente grupo de trabalho, tanto chefia como colegas de produ\u00e7\u00e3o. n\u00e3o tenho o que falar como sendo um trabalho dificil, pois para mim n\u00e3o era, era agradavel bater as metas e encentivar minha equipe, era bom o reconhecimento do meu trabalho. ", " Aprendi muito sobre trabalho em equipe. Passei por v\u00e1rios gerentes cada um com um tipo de gerencia diferente. ", " Genere Buenos vinculos de confianza     aprendi nuevos me todos de ventas conoco   buenas personas de Los lugares que trabaje supe enfrentar Los desafios  superarlos   y superarme   a mi mismos obtuve nuevas Experiencia . ", " oportunidades s\u00e3o dadas e um ambiente colaborativo altamente qualificado ", " L'ambiance est d\u00e9testable, les salari\u00e9s sont des num\u00e9ros qui ne sont pas consid\u00e9r\u00e9s, seuls les chiffres et la politique interne comptent.  Pour compenser, vous travaillerez pour un grand nom qui sait encore innover (technologiquement parlant).  Pour le reste, il faut accepter la lobotomisation... ", " es una empresa muy buena no solo por ser microsoft la gente es muy atenta y amable el tiempo en oficina es muy alegre y divertido hay mucha disciplina y se exige mucho a todos los puestos por tal motivo toda la gente se esfuerza todo el tiempo en lo personal no puedo decir que tuviera alguna parte dif\u00edcil la empresa y los gerentes te proporcionan toda la ayuda y material para simplificar el trabajo diario ", " Aivan mahtavaa p\u00e4\u00e4st\u00e4 kokemaan Amerikkalaista yrityskulttuuria ja heid\u00e4n liiketapojaan. Johdon tulostavoitteet korkealla ja tulos tai ulos periaate n\u00e4kyy toimintamalleissa. Kansainv\u00e4linen ty\u00f6yhteis\u00f6 ja innostavat ty\u00f6kaverit ty\u00f6n suola ja sokeri. ", " \u65e5\u5e38\u5728\u5404\u5927\u96fb\u5668\u5e97\u63a8\u92b7\u7522\u54c1, \u56e0\u800c\u63a5\u89f8\u5230\u5f88\u591a\u4e0d\u540c\u7a2e\u985e\u7684\u5ba2\u4eba, \u5c0d\u65bc\u9762\u5c0d\u4e0d\u540c\u5ba2\u4eba\u76f8\u61c9\u7684\u61c9\u5c0d\u6280\u5de7\u6703\u6709\u986f\u8457\u63d0\u5347\u3002  \u540c\u4e8b\u9593\u95dc\u4fc2\u826f\u597d, \u7336\u5982\u4e00\u500b\u5927\u5bb6\u5ead\u3002 ", " Very warming organisational culture with amazing colleagues who are ambitious and hard working, making up strong teams. ", " Muy buena interaccion, ejecucion y clara estrategia. Una verdadera empresa global. Lideres en el mundo de la tecnologia con una amplitud de negocios que permite crecer en las areas mas innovadoras. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Hyv\u00e4 ty\u00f6nantaja. Hyv\u00e4t edut. Kansainv\u00e4linen organisaatio. Hyvi\u00e4 sis\u00e4isi\u00e4 koulutuksia. ", " Possibilit\u00e9 de travailler sur des projets vari\u00e9s te grande valorisation des initiatives.  Un l\u00e9ger manque de flexibilit\u00e9 li\u00e9 \u00e0 la taille de l'entreprise et ses pendants sur d'autres continents.  Le cadre de travail est fabuleux et les gens sont brillants. ", " -Formation continue des salari\u00e9s -Responsable comp\u00e9tents et s\u00e9rieux ", " Environnement de travail dynamique, stimulant et agr\u00e9able. Tous les moyens et ressources sont donn\u00e9s aux collaborateurs pour accomplir leurs t\u00e2ches ", " Strong culture. Good place to learn. Smart people with good technical and business skills. ", " Equilibre vie professionnelle / personnelle =&gt; Correct Salaire / avantages sociaux =&gt; Correct S\u00e9curit\u00e9 de l'emploi / \u00e9volution de carri\u00e8re =&gt; Correct Management =&gt; Correct Culture d'entreprise =&gt; Correct ", " Buena empresa era genial el ambiente laboral. Me gudtaria regresar ", " Buen ambiente de trabajo con los colegas, excelente lugar de trabajo, la parte mas dif\u00edcil es tratar con los clientes, y la falta de organizaci\u00f3n en general por parte de la empresa. ", " aprender en una compa\u00f1ia tan grande como lo es microsoft, es una experiencia difertiva, animada es tan genial como una consola de xbox y tan sencillo como manejar windows 8. ", " otima empresa, aprendi varias coisas como fazer contesta\u00e7\u00e3o compra de materias e pagamento de funcion\u00e1rio. ", " Estimulante mas at\u00e9 certo n\u00edvel.  Managers pouco qualificados.  N\u00e3o existe progress\u00e3o na carreira. ", " Tres bonne entreprise et bonne equipe je recommande d'esprit de d'initiative et de fun qui permet a chacun de reuissir ", " dans le titre, beaucoup de projet dans tous les sens. Un management de tr\u00e8s grande qualit\u00e9. ", " Ambiente descontra\u00eddo onde cada profissional tem sua meta bem definida e n\u00e3o escondem o orgulho de estarem em uma empresa s\u00f3lida e de ponta.  Os profissionais est\u00e3o t\u00e3o concentrados em seus afazeres que raramente conseguem tempo e disposi\u00e7\u00e3o para atender a \u00e1rea de compliance o que faltam mais treinamento sobre ambiente de controles e falta um pouco mais de comunica\u00e7\u00e3o entre board e base de apoio. ", " Goede training vooraf. Zelfstandige functie met flexibele uur indeling. ", " - sehr gute Entl\u00f6hnung - recht gutes Zielsetzungssystem (Scorecard/Metrics) - hoher Leistungsdruck - rel. lausige Work/Life-Balance - Management teils gut und teils schlecht (50:50) - der Mensch ist eine Ressource, mehr nicht - jedoch vielf\u00e4ltige M\u00f6glichkeiten im Unternehmen - grosse Power im Schweizer Markt ", " la administracion es de lo mejor sin embargo los procesos de seleccion corruptos hacen que la dinamica de trabajo se vea afectada ", " Business Impact and Personal grow in the past 11 years at Microsoft  \tWith a customer satisfaction rate of over %85 (over the average) I helped my team and CSS to deliver great customer support. Significant improvement in the CSS survey results of support partners and customers  \tSLA requirements improved and resolved for the business  \tProviding support service to Microsoft Premier Customers to prevent interruption in LOB Applications  \tCritsit Management for Microsoft Premier Customers   \tHelped to support partners to build a market resolving technical issues  \tDeveloped a high motivation in my Team for great customer support  \tShowed ordinary commitment to the Business our Customer and colleagues  \tTransferred knowledge to Team Members and Customers  \tMentored the new hires to meet the get-to-green plan for the business  \tTake smart risks and accept the consequences that go with them   \tFocus intensely on the important tasks at hand   \tLook beyond the obvious to uncover critical issues   \tUse strategic and creative thinking to solve difficult and persistent problems   \tTake ownership or stewardship roles in company-wide strategic initiatives   \tPut in the hours necessary to get the job done right   \tMotivate self and others during times of resistance or setbacks   \tFocus on critical projects with high returns   \tDo not falter when difficulties arise   \tLook for demanding projects that stretch abilities and foster growth   \tInspire others with a sense of what's possible   \tSee obstacles that lie in the path to success and navigate around them   \tAre courageous ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> but not reckless   \tAre persistent but not inflexible   \tAre visionary but not impractical  \tCreate goals that benefit all stakeholders   \tAsk for and constructively use feedback about strengths and weaknesses   \tExcellent communication, presentation and customer-management skills in three languages   \tEffectively negotiate requirements/issues between customer/clients and teams/departments   \tProven track record for providing exceptional customer service   \tStrong team participant and involvement in team workload and activities   \tIntegrity and honesty   \tAlways open and respectful with others   \tWilling to take on big challenges   \tStrong passion for customers, partners and technology   \tAccountable for commitments, results and quality   \tSelf-critical, questioning and committed to personal excellence ", " Uma empresa de carreira,t\u00ednhamos incentivo sempre motivava as seus colaboradores,uma empresa muito boa para se trabalhar ", " Geen balans tussen priv\u00e9 en werk. Goede voorwaarden en vergoedingen. De werksfeer kan beter. Dit heeft waarschijnlijk te maken, dat het een totaal nieuwe afdeling in een nieuwe omgeving is. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Empresa muito boa, com o mindset de capacitar e proporcionar ao colaborador um bom ambiente de trabalho, atrav\u00e9s de ferramentas, treinamentos e cursos para o desenvolvimento profissional. ", " Un ambiente multo pulito e un lavoro molto facile e piacevole. ", " Se busca crescimento profissional essa e a empresa correta ", " Ambiente laboral agradable buenos compa\u00f1eros agradables ambientes para laboral ", " C\u00f4ng ty l\u00e0 m\u1ed9t n\u01a1i l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c r\u1ea5t ph\u00f9 h\u1ee3p cho m\u1ecdi ng\u01b0\u1eddi \u0110i\u1ec1u th\u00edch nh\u1ea5t trong c\u00f4ng vi\u1ec7c l\u00e0 \u0111\u01b0\u1ee3c c\u1ea7m nh\u1eefng chi\u1ebfc \u0111i\u1ec7n tho\u1ea1i m\u1edbi , tr\u1ea3i nghi\u1ec7p v\u00e0 th\u1eed nghi\u1ec7m tr\u00ean con m\u00e1y \u0111\u00f3 ", " Es una empresa que se preocupa por que el alto rendimiento de su personal vengan de la mano con un ambiente laboral que favorezca el estado de \u00e1nimo y por lo mismo la productividad de sus empleados. ", " Ty\u00f6ni oli hyvin itsen\u00e4inen ja vision\u00e4\u00e4risi\u00e4 kykyj\u00e4ni hy\u00f6dynt\u00e4v\u00e4. Ainakin 60% ajastani loin joko uusia tai laadin parannuksia olemassa oleviin ty\u00f6tapoihin ja niiden riippuvuuksia kuvaaviin mallinnuksiin. P\u00e4iv\u00e4n viikossa k\u00e4ytin n\u00e4iden asioiden kouluttamiseen ja ohjaukseen organisaatiomme sis\u00e4ll\u00e4. Yksi p\u00e4iv\u00e4 tarvittiin my\u00f6s palautteen ker\u00e4\u00e4miseen, joten pidin katselmointeja ja osallistuin projektien ty\u00f6skentelyyn. Pystyn hallitsemaan suuria kokonaisuuksia, hahmoittamaan niiden riippuvuuksia ja seuraamuksia, laatu ja asiakastyytyv\u00e4isyys ohjaavat p\u00e4\u00e4t\u00f6ksi\u00e4ni. Ty\u00f6yhteis\u00f6ni on antanut t\u00e4yden tuen ty\u00f6lleni ja olen saanut nauttia eriomaisten kollegoiden seurasta koko ty\u00f6urani ajan. ", " Tr\u00e8s bonne boite, je recommande. A faire au moins une fois dans sa vie. A refaire sans h\u00e9sitation.   Journ\u00e9e de travail flexible, home office possible.   Horaires classiques : 9h - 20h, on organise sa journ\u00e9e comme on le souhaite, du moment que les objectifs sont atteints. Une grande libert\u00e9, et un management efficace. ", " Excelente ambiente laboral. Recomendado para toda Venezuela y el mundo entero ", " Excelentes instalaciones, aunque estaba en Colombia respond\u00eda por toda una regi\u00f3n lo que generaba mayor comunicaci\u00f3n con otros pa\u00edses.  La subsidiaria de Colombia tomaba decisiones lentas Vs el mercado lo que impactaba las ventas al termino de los periodos, esto unido con el cambio de GM y el cambio en la estrategia de mercado afecto el excelente rendimiento que se tra\u00eda de a\u00f1os anteriores. ", " El trabajo depende de uno mismo porque es un asesor por punto de ventas y en ocasiones si se trabajaba por comisiones. ", " Era uma empresa que respeitava os funcion\u00e1rios, tratava como colaboradores e n\u00e3o como empregados. Havia plano de desenvolvimento pessoal. Maior tempo meu era desenvolver projetos que visavam o bem estar dos operadores e redu\u00e7\u00e3o de custos da empresa. Era priorizado trabalho em equipe e o respeito individual, independente de setor, \u00e1rea e n\u00edvel. ", " Primera experiencia laboral en el extranjero y muy recomendable. Trabaje junto al manager en la elaboraci\u00f3n de los presupuestos de marketing para todas las l\u00edneas de productos en el pa\u00eds. Adicional, me enfoque en la creaci\u00f3n de una pagina en la que compartir toda clase de documentaci\u00f3n interna y consolidarla. ", " Bom, a Microsoft foi uma excelente empresa, nao tive nenhum problema enquanto trabalhei la um \u00f3timo ambiente de trabalho. ", " Comida de qualidade, organizados, profissionais maravilhosos, ger\u00eancia preparada para qualquer situa\u00e7\u00e3o. ", " Es bueno el laborar con una marca diferente alas demas, aprendes demaciado de los puntos de venta ya que igual te brindan todas las herramientas de trabajo para desarrollarte y certificarte. ", " kh\u00f4ng gian l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c m\u00e1t m\u1ebb tho\u1ea3i m\u00e1i,th\u1eddi gian l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c h\u1ee3p l\u00fd.m\u1ecdi ng\u01b0\u1eddi \u0111\u1ec1u th\u00e2n thi\u1ec7n h\u00f2a \u0111\u1ed3ng. ", " D\u00fczenli \u00e7al\u0131\u015fma saatim yoktu. haftal\u0131k yapmam gereken i\u015flerin kotas\u0131 vard\u0131. Bu kotay\u0131 son g\u00fcne kadar doldurdu\u011fum s\u00fcrece bir s\u0131k\u0131nt\u0131 olmuyordu. Hem rahat hemde e\u011flenceli bir i\u015fti. ", " Las oficinas son muy bonitas y tienen muchos espacios abiertos. Ademas los empleados tienen bebidas gratis y lugares para cambiar de ambiente dentro de la oficina y la oportunidad de hacer home office. Las personas son demasiado competitivas entre ellos mismos y falta trabajo en equipo. ", " Excelente empresa, esta compa;ia desempe;a un enorme trabajo al dar ese valor agregado a todo su personal, la motivacion los reconocimientos son lo que lo distingue y caracteriza. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Uma empresa que me ensinou a tomar decis\u00e3o, gerenciar conflitos, negociar, ter empatia e liderar,tive dois \u00f3timos lideres que nunca vou esquecer na vida que me ajudaram muito no meu crescimento profissional, parceiros internos que sempre me ajudava quando precisava, e era reciproco da minha parte. A parte dif\u00edcil que depois superei, foi quando tive que coordenar 3 empresas terceirizadas importante dentro da companhia. ", " Business Impact and Personal grow in the past 11 years at Microsoft  \tWith a customer satisfaction rate of over %85 (over the average) I helped my team and CSS to deliver great customer support. Significant improvement in the CSS survey results of support partners and customers  \tSLA requirements improved and resolved for the business  \tProviding support service to Microsoft Premier Customers to prevent interruption in LOB Applications  \tCritsit Management for Microsoft Premier Customers   \tHelped to support partners to build a market resolving technical issues  \tDeveloped a high motivation in my Team for great customer support  \tShowed ordinary commitment to the Business our Customer and colleagues  \tTransferred knowledge to Team Members and Customers  \tMentored the new hires to meet the get-to-green plan for the business  \tTake smart risks and accept the consequences that go with them   \tFocus intensely on the important tasks at hand   \tLook beyond the obvious to uncover critical issues   \tUse strategic and creative thinking to solve difficult and persistent problems   \tTake ownership or stewardship roles in company-wide strategic initiatives   \tPut in the hours necessary to get the job done right   \tMotivate self and others during times of resistance or setbacks   \tFocus on critical projects with high returns   \tDo not falter when difficulties arise   \tLook for demanding projects that stretch abilities and foster growth   \tInspire others with a sense of what's possible   \tSee obstacles that lie in the path to success and navigate around them   \tAre courageous ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> but not reckless   \tAre persistent but not inflexible   \tAre visionary but not impractical  \tCreate goals that benefit all stakeholders   \tAsk for and constructively use feedback about strengths and weaknesses   \tExcellent communication, presentation and customer-management skills in three languages   \tEffectively negotiate requirements/issues between customer/clients and teams/departments   \tProven track record for providing exceptional customer service   \tStrong team participant and involvement in team workload and activities   \tIntegrity and honesty   \tAlways open and respectful with others   \tWilling to take on big challenges   \tStrong passion for customers, partners and technology   \tAccountable for commitments, results and quality   \tSelf-critical, questioning and committed to personal excellence ", " Comida de qualidade, organizados, profissionais maravilhosos, ger\u00eancia preparada para qualquer situa\u00e7\u00e3o. ", " C'\u00e8 la possibilit\u00e0 di imparare molto specialmente in ambito tecnico.  Nella mia esperienza lavorativa ho riscontrato dei periodi di calma dove \u00e8 possibile programmare le attivit\u00e0 da fare e portarle a termine senza interruzione e dei periodi di stress (solitamente nei vari periodi di chiusura o subito dopo per preparare tutti i risultati), dove tutti i programmi fatti saltano a causa di attivit\u00e0 che devono essere completate per il giorno prima. L'ambiente della divisione di supporto tecnico \u00e8 informale ed \u00e8 facile costruire buoni rapporti di lavoro con i colleghi anche se di istanza in altre sedi. ", " Es una empresa en la que tienes que reinventarte a diario, necesitas establecer estrategias constantes para mantenerte competitivo en un mercado tan grande e importante como el Mexicano. Aprendes a descubrirte a diario, siempre identificas cosas nuevas, oportunidades que se traducen en acciones y resultados constantes. El concepto de gerencia se maneja a cabalidad, no tienes que esperar que te digan que hacer, tienes que decir qu\u00e9 hacer, actuar y demostrar siempre resultados en cada acci\u00f3n. Ambiente de trabajo joven din\u00e1mico y competitivo, trabajo en equipo. Lo m\u00e1s dif\u00edcil fue el proceso de adaptaci\u00f3n a una nueva cultura Lo que m\u00e1s me gust\u00f3 fue asumir nuevos retos, riesgos, experiencias y conocer otro mercado. ", " Excelente empresa, esta compa;ia desempe;a un enorme trabajo al dar ese valor agregado a todo su personal, la motivacion los reconocimientos son lo que lo distingue y caracteriza. ", " kh\u00f4ng gian l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c m\u00e1t m\u1ebb tho\u1ea3i m\u00e1i,th\u1eddi gian l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c h\u1ee3p l\u00fd.m\u1ecdi ng\u01b0\u1eddi \u0111\u1ec1u th\u00e2n thi\u1ec7n h\u00f2a \u0111\u1ed3ng. ", " Aunque la empresa no se encuentra ubicada en Medellin se mantiene muy buen contacto a nivel nacional con compa\u00f1eros y el equipo de trabajo de Bogota  Cumpl\u00ed mis expectativas y los objetivos que me plantee en mi paso por  la empresa, aprend\u00ed bastante de todo mi equipo de trabajo y fuerza de ventas, mejore mi comunicaci\u00f3n y relaciones las cuales me sirvieron bastante para la negociaci\u00f3n con las cadenas en las cuales ten\u00edamos presencia, maneje de muy buena manera el trabajo bajo presi\u00f3n, me considere una persona din\u00e1mica en todo momento y comprometida con la labor, las actividades diferentes me arrojaban muy buenos resultados  La motivaci\u00f3n al equipo de trabajo nos ayudo bastante a llegar a cumplir con las metas asignadas ", " Aprendizado com os demais t\u00e9cnicos superiores e troca de informa\u00e7\u00f5es e conhecimentos essenciais para o meu desenvolvimento de vis\u00e3o sobre manuten\u00e7\u00e3o industrial e processo de produ\u00e7\u00e3o de eletr\u00f4nicos. \u00d3tima equipe de profissionais e bom relacionamento. O mais complicado era identificar os defeitos de paradas de produ\u00e7\u00e3o e defeitos em m\u00e1quinas, apesar de ser estagi\u00e1rio me focava em aprender junto ao respons\u00e1vel t\u00e9cnico, e claro fui bem treinado. ", " Es una gran empresa para trabajar y desarrollarse como profesional. Con un equipo de personas muy bueno.  Es un poco complicado hacer carrera adentro, sobre too en el caso de los vendor, o personas que est\u00e1bamos sub contratadas para prestar servicios, pero hab\u00ecan continuas capacitaciones y posibilidades de aprendizaje.  Hay mucha presi\u00f2n al logro de los objetivos, pero a su vez, hay una clara orientaci\u00f2n a lograrlos como equipo. ", " Negli anni ho provato diverse aziende multinazionali. La parola d'ordine che si percepisce ogni giorno \u00e8 INNOVAZIONE. Non solo per quanto riguarda l'offerta ma anche per tutti i processi quotidiani come lo smart working, i programmi di formazione, le possibilit\u00e0 di carriera locali e internazionali. Un ambiente stimolante, un'azienda coinvolgente in grado di far sentore le persone parte di qualcosa di grande ", " The best place for personal and career development. There are many opportunities that can make your dreams come true ", " Me gusta esta empresa ya que apoya a las personas con alguna discapacidad y logra que tengamos un ambiente de trabajo relajado, hay muchas personas que no entienden el concepto de igualdad y respeto a las dem\u00e1s personas no importando que jerarqu\u00eda tengan en la empresa, pero ya que esas personas son minor\u00eda, el ambiente laboral es muy bueno ", " A empresa esta sempre a procura de melhoras e redu\u00e7\u00e3o de custos e isso fazia com que tivesse mudan\u00e7as em per\u00edodo muito curto. As dificuldades vinha no processo de adapta\u00e7\u00e3o com alguns funcion\u00e1rios que eram mais resistentes. Situa\u00e7\u00e3o assim nos tonam mais habilidosos com as pessoas.  A oportunidade de trabalhar liderando algumas equipes agrega mais conhecimento profissional, porque com isso voc\u00ea busca mais autocontrole de si e de situa\u00e7\u00f5es que surgem no dia a dia. ", " Un dia t\u00edpico en la oficina esta lleno de muchas actividades y diferentes escenarios ya que tratamos con muchos clientes de todo el mundo pero bastimente consiste de consiste contacto con Ingenieros y clientes de todo el mundo tratando de solucionar problemas en cuesti\u00f3n de sus sistemas operativos de empresas tal y como Aerol\u00edneas,bancos, y Gobiernos. Siempre manteniendo un nivel de servicio mas que lato ya que son empresas muy serias de importancia mundial. Todo esto atravez de sistemas internos, Internet (email) y tel\u00e9fono. Sobre todo manteniendo los SLA Service Level Agrrement que se han establecido con cada cliente y cada contrato. ", " Trabalho agrad\u00e1vel, os colegas de trabalhos sempre bem atenciosos   Aprende a trabalhar em equipe, liderar produ\u00e7\u00e3o. Acho que n\u00e3o se tem parte dif\u00edcil ou agrad\u00e1vel quando se tem vontade de aprender e ajudar ao pr\u00f3ximo. ", " Atividade da escola em fun\u00e7\u00e3o de auxiliar alunos com mais dificuldades; Promover a intera\u00e7\u00e3o do aluno com a escola; Obten\u00e7\u00e3o de novos conhecimentos.  Programa do governo. ", " \u0110i\u00ea\u0300u thi\u0301ch thu\u0301 nh\u00e2\u0301t ta\u0323i Microsoft la\u0300 ca\u0301c c\u00f4ng nh\u00e2n \u01a1\u0309 trong line t\u00f4i qua\u0309n ly\u0301 r\u00e2\u0301t nghe l\u01a1\u0300i t\u00f4i. ", " en microsoft la cultura de trabajo es demasiado demandante, y mas trabajando en la industria manufacturera, La competencia era muy fuerte y el sentido de urgencia era una de las presiones mas comunes ", " \u0421\u0430\u043c\u0430\u044f \u0442\u0440\u0443\u0434\u043d\u0430\u044f \u0447\u0430\u0441\u0442\u044c \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u044b, \u044d\u0442\u043e \u0441\u043b\u0435\u0434\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0442\u044c \u0441\u0442\u0440\u043e\u0433\u043e\u043c\u0443 \u043f\u043e\u043c\u0438\u043d\u0443\u0442\u043d\u043e\u043c\u0443 \u0433\u0440\u0430\u0444\u0438\u043a\u0443. \u0411\u043e\u043b\u044c\u0448\u0430\u044f \u043d\u0430\u0433\u0440\u0443\u0437\u043a\u0430, \u043d\u0443\u0436\u043d\u0430 \u0445\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0448\u0430\u044f \u0432\u044b\u0434\u0435\u0440\u0436\u043a\u0430 \u0438 \u0441\u0442\u0440\u0435\u0441\u0441\u043e\u0443\u0441\u0442\u043e\u0439\u0447\u0438\u0432\u043e\u0441\u0442\u044c, \u0442.\u043a. \u043b\u044e\u0434\u0438 \u0432\u0441\u0435\u0433\u0434\u0430 \u0437\u0432\u043e\u043d\u044f\u0442 \u0441 \u043a\u0430\u043a\u043e\u0439-\u0442\u043e \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0431\u043b\u0435\u043c\u043e\u0439 \u0438 \u043f\u0440\u0435\u0442\u0435\u043d\u0437\u0438\u0435\u0439. \u0415\u0435 \u043d\u0443\u0436\u043d\u043e \u043e\u043f\u0435\u0440\u0430\u0442\u0438\u0432\u043d\u043e \u0440\u0435\u0448\u0438\u0442\u044c. \u0421\u0430\u043c\u0430\u044f \u043f\u0440\u0438\u044f\u0442\u043d\u0430\u044f \u0447\u0430\u0441\u0442\u044c \u0432 \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0435, \u044d\u0442\u043e \u0431\u043b\u0430\u0433\u043e\u0434\u0430\u0440\u043d\u043e\u0441\u0442\u044c \u0438 \u043f\u043e\u043b\u043e\u0436\u0438\u0442\u0435\u043b\u044c\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u043e\u0442\u0437\u044b\u0432\u044b \u043a\u043b\u0438\u0435\u043d\u0442\u043e\u0432, \u043a\u043e\u0442\u043e\u0440\u044b\u043c \u043f\u043e\u043c\u043e\u0433\u043b\u0438 \u0441\u043f\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0438\u0442\u0441\u044f \u0441 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0431\u043b\u0435\u043c\u043e\u0439. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Local muito bom para aprender sempre e para vivenciar o Direito! ", " Grande empresa,  Muitas viagens, Muitas metas e gra\u00e7as a Deus e ao nosso profissionalismo, todas foram alcan\u00e7adas. Agrade\u00e7o imensamente a minha equipe. ", " Una de las mejores emrpesas donde he podido laborar, se mantiene una gran performance, en cuento a cultura de comunicacion y constante mejoria con los ambito laborales ", " Exp\u00e9rience Int\u00e9r\u00e9ssante dans un cadre entreprenariale par excellence ", " Aprendizado com os demais t\u00e9cnicos superiores e troca de informa\u00e7\u00f5es e conhecimentos essenciais para o meu desenvolvimento de vis\u00e3o sobre manuten\u00e7\u00e3o industrial e processo de produ\u00e7\u00e3o de eletr\u00f4nicos. \u00d3tima equipe de profissionais e bom relacionamento. O mais complicado era identificar os defeitos de paradas de produ\u00e7\u00e3o e defeitos em m\u00e1quinas, apesar de ser estagi\u00e1rio me focava em aprender junto ao respons\u00e1vel t\u00e9cnico, e claro fui bem treinado. ", " Negli anni ho provato diverse aziende multinazionali. La parola d'ordine che si percepisce ogni giorno \u00e8 INNOVAZIONE. Non solo per quanto riguarda l'offerta ma anche per tutti i processi quotidiani come lo smart working, i programmi di formazione, le possibilit\u00e0 di carriera locali e internazionali. Un ambiente stimolante, un'azienda coinvolgente in grado di far sentore le persone parte di qualcosa di grande ", " Es una empresa en la que tienes que reinventarte a diario, necesitas establecer estrategias constantes para mantenerte competitivo en un mercado tan grande e importante como el Mexicano. Aprendes a descubrirte a diario, siempre identificas cosas nuevas, oportunidades que se traducen en acciones y resultados constantes. El concepto de gerencia se maneja a cabalidad, no tienes que esperar que te digan que hacer, tienes que decir qu\u00e9 hacer, actuar y demostrar siempre resultados en cada acci\u00f3n. Ambiente de trabajo joven din\u00e1mico y competitivo, trabajo en equipo. Lo m\u00e1s dif\u00edcil fue el proceso de adaptaci\u00f3n a una nueva cultura Lo que m\u00e1s me gust\u00f3 fue asumir nuevos retos, riesgos, experiencias y conocer otro mercado. ", " A empresa esta sempre a procura de melhoras e redu\u00e7\u00e3o de custos e isso fazia com que tivesse mudan\u00e7as em per\u00edodo muito curto. As dificuldades vinha no processo de adapta\u00e7\u00e3o com alguns funcion\u00e1rios que eram mais resistentes. Situa\u00e7\u00e3o assim nos tonam mais habilidosos com as pessoas.  A oportunidade de trabalhar liderando algumas equipes agrega mais conhecimento profissional, porque com isso voc\u00ea busca mais autocontrole de si e de situa\u00e7\u00f5es que surgem no dia a dia. ", " Trabalho produtivo Trabalho em grupo Experiencia adquerida \u00d3timo lugar pra se trabalhar ", " Aunque la empresa no se encuentra ubicada en Medellin se mantiene muy buen contacto a nivel nacional con compa\u00f1eros y el equipo de trabajo de Bogota  Cumpl\u00ed mis expectativas y los objetivos que me plantee en mi paso por  la empresa, aprend\u00ed bastante de todo mi equipo de trabajo y fuerza de ventas, mejore mi comunicaci\u00f3n y relaciones las cuales me sirvieron bastante para la negociaci\u00f3n con las cadenas en las cuales ten\u00edamos presencia, maneje de muy buena manera el trabajo bajo presi\u00f3n, me considere una persona din\u00e1mica en todo momento y comprometida con la labor, las actividades diferentes me arrojaban muy buenos resultados  La motivaci\u00f3n al equipo de trabajo nos ayudo bastante a llegar a cumplir con las metas asignadas ", " Pendant ma p\u00e9riode chez Microsoft Ventures London j'ai \u00e9t\u00e9 surpris par cette capacit\u00e9 des personnes y travaillant \u00e0 \u00e9couter et partager leurs points de vue sur diff\u00e9rents sujet dans le but de faire sortir le meilleur de chaque conversation. C'est un lieu agr\u00e9able pour tout ce qui attrait au d\u00e9veloppement des start up chacun est pris en consid\u00e9ration et \u00e9paul\u00e9. ", " Boa e de bons princ\u00edpios, pagamentos em dias, pessoas de boas \u00edndoles , \u00f3timo lugar para se trabalhar ", " \u0421\u0430\u043c\u0430\u044f \u0442\u0440\u0443\u0434\u043d\u0430\u044f \u0447\u0430\u0441\u0442\u044c \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u044b, \u044d\u0442\u043e \u0441\u043b\u0435\u0434\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0442\u044c \u0441\u0442\u0440\u043e\u0433\u043e\u043c\u0443 \u043f\u043e\u043c\u0438\u043d\u0443\u0442\u043d\u043e\u043c\u0443 \u0433\u0440\u0430\u0444\u0438\u043a\u0443. \u0411\u043e\u043b\u044c\u0448\u0430\u044f \u043d\u0430\u0433\u0440\u0443\u0437\u043a\u0430, \u043d\u0443\u0436\u043d\u0430 \u0445\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0448\u0430\u044f \u0432\u044b\u0434\u0435\u0440\u0436\u043a\u0430 \u0438 \u0441\u0442\u0440\u0435\u0441\u0441\u043e\u0443\u0441\u0442\u043e\u0439\u0447\u0438\u0432\u043e\u0441\u0442\u044c, \u0442.\u043a. \u043b\u044e\u0434\u0438 \u0432\u0441\u0435\u0433\u0434\u0430 \u0437\u0432\u043e\u043d\u044f\u0442 \u0441 \u043a\u0430\u043a\u043e\u0439-\u0442\u043e \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0431\u043b\u0435\u043c\u043e\u0439 \u0438 \u043f\u0440\u0435\u0442\u0435\u043d\u0437\u0438\u0435\u0439. \u0415\u0435 \u043d\u0443\u0436\u043d\u043e \u043e\u043f\u0435\u0440\u0430\u0442\u0438\u0432\u043d\u043e \u0440\u0435\u0448\u0438\u0442\u044c. \u0421\u0430\u043c\u0430\u044f \u043f\u0440\u0438\u044f\u0442\u043d\u0430\u044f \u0447\u0430\u0441\u0442\u044c \u0432 \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0435, \u044d\u0442\u043e \u0431\u043b\u0430\u0433\u043e\u0434\u0430\u0440\u043d\u043e\u0441\u0442\u044c \u0438 \u043f\u043e\u043b\u043e\u0436\u0438\u0442\u0435\u043b\u044c\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u043e\u0442\u0437\u044b\u0432\u044b \u043a\u043b\u0438\u0435\u043d\u0442\u043e\u0432, \u043a\u043e\u0442\u043e\u0440\u044b\u043c \u043f\u043e\u043c\u043e\u0433\u043b\u0438 \u0441\u043f\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0438\u0442\u0441\u044f \u0441 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0431\u043b\u0435\u043c\u043e\u0439. ", " Horaires, t\u00e9l\u00e9travail, espace de travail, locaux, avantages sociaux, culture d'entreprise, tout est r\u00e9uni pour se sentir bien  chez Microsoft et avoir envie de donner le meilleur de soi. ", " Company undergoing a significant transformation to cloud services that is felt across its workforce. Otherwise, a very stimulating work environment where there is no shortage of opportunities to grow your skills and work with some of the smartest people from around the world and from all cultures. Good benefits. Always on the leading edge of technologies, it can be daunting to keep up with the pace of evolution, business pressures, and work-life balance. ", " Un dia t\u00edpico en la oficina esta lleno de muchas actividades y diferentes escenarios ya que tratamos con muchos clientes de todo el mundo pero bastimente consiste de consiste contacto con Ingenieros y clientes de todo el mundo tratando de solucionar problemas en cuesti\u00f3n de sus sistemas operativos de empresas tal y como Aerol\u00edneas,bancos, y Gobiernos. Siempre manteniendo un nivel de servicio mas que lato ya que son empresas muy serias de importancia mundial. Todo esto atravez de sistemas internos, Internet (email) y tel\u00e9fono. Sobre todo manteniendo los SLA Service Level Agrrement que se han establecido con cada cliente y cada contrato. ", " muy buena empresa, aprendi a ensamblar un xbox y las reglas sobre calidad. ", " El empleo del que mas he aprendido y crecido laboral mente, ya que te enviaban a constantes cursos y los jefes que tenia eran personas muy sabias y con demasiado conocimiento de la maraca, y del \u00e1mbito laboral. Sin duda la mejor empresa para la que he trabajado. ", " Empresa com grande respeito pelos funcion\u00e1rios, e que proporciona um \u00f3timo n\u00edvel t\u00e9cnico para os colaboradores da empresa com treinamentos, capacitando sempre a todos para um produto final com excel\u00eancia no mercado. ", " Reine Execution. Die Entscheidungen werden in Redmond gef\u00e4llt. Man lernt aber viel. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Microsoft es una gran empresa para trabajar y la gente ahi trabaja a gusto, sin embargo me toco trabajar en un departamento que estaba bajo mucha presi\u00f3n de resultados, en el que hab\u00eda incertidumbre sobre su futuro y termin\u00f3 siendo cerrado. Frente a esta situaci\u00f3n, que se extendi\u00f3 por muchos meses siempre vi a la compa\u00f1\u00eda muy pasiva y poco proactiva con los que trabaj\u00e1bamos ah\u00ed. Nunca hubo una real preocupaci\u00f3n por nosotros ni apoyo mayor luego de que el departamento cerr\u00f3. Me llam\u00f3 mucho la atenci\u00f3n no en la mejor manera esto siendo una empresa GPTW. ", " Empresa com grande respeito pelos funcion\u00e1rios, e que proporciona um \u00f3timo n\u00edvel t\u00e9cnico para os colaboradores da empresa com treinamentos, capacitando sempre a todos para um produto final com excel\u00eancia no mercado. ", " El d\u00eda comienza visitando a los asesores de  ventas en el lugar asignado posteriormente, saber que inquietudes tiene si hay alguna duda para ayudarlo a resolverlo, tomar evidencia de su trabajo, platicar con encargado de piso de ventas para ver si hay alguna noticia de nuestro asesor a si como el desenvolvimiento del mismo  o para  negociar alg\u00fan pedido, etc. y de ah\u00ed a con otro compa\u00f1ero y hasta visitar a todos.  . ser mucho mas responsable y muchas nuevas experiencias .  llevar trabajo a casa  . ambiente de trabajo la oportunidad que me dieron para estar al frente de un equipo muy trabajador, sin ellos no fuera posible el resultado de mi trabajo. ", " Local muito bom para aprender sempre e para vivenciar o Direito! ", " Trabalho produtivo Trabalho em grupo Experiencia adquerida \u00d3timo lugar pra se trabalhar ", " Un d\u00eda de trabajo t\u00edpico empezaba a las 10 de la ma\u00f1ana realizando m\u00ednimo 7 visitas durante el d\u00eda en base a un calendario mensual, a las 3 de la tarde sal\u00eda a comer y regresaba a las 4 de la tarde a continuar con mis labores hasta finalizar a las 7 pm. Aprend\u00ed a relacionarme con gente desconocida para asi lograr el objetivo de mis visitas, a trabajar bajo presi\u00f3n, a realizar planes de acci\u00f3n y desarrollarlos, a negociar y a ser paciente y perseverante. La parte mas dif\u00edcil del trabajo era ganarme a la gente y negociar con ellos para poder colocar las exhibiciones en mejores lugares y que me dieran la oportunidad para capacitarlos, lo que m\u00e1s me gustaba era conocer gente nueva y darme cuenta de que mi trabajo estaba funcionando al verse reflejado  en las ventas. ", " Een bedrijf dat zeer voorop loopt met het nieuwe manier van werken. Flexplekken en de mogelijkheid bieden thuis te werken. Prettige sfeer en geweldig gelegen kantoor locatie op Schiphol met een prachtig uitzicht op Schiphol en de vliegbanen.   Hele leuke collega's en iedereen is open en staat klaar om elkaar te helpen. ", " En vista de que trabaje mucho tiempo desde mi hogar para la empresa, me tocaba visitar a los operadores locales, revisar m\u00e9tricas, supervisar el taller de reparaciones, asistirlos con dudas y problemas de calidad, adicionalmente asist\u00eda a llamadas en conferencia con mis jefes en Mexico y Guatemala o en relaci\u00f3n a llamada peri\u00f3dicas.  Este puesto hizo que creciera mucho como profesional y que no tuviera miedo a tomar decisiones.. ", " Microsoft was an incredible experience. It was a great opportunity to work with them. If i have to criticize them i can clearly say that they are high-end qualified. Nothing is missing. For an engineering intern speaking with multinational circle and to listen their experinces about their carrier are the best things to improve his vision ", " det var mycket som styrde en arbetsdag allt berodde p\u00e5 hur bra det hade f\u00f6r g\u00e5tt skiftet man avl\u00f6ste.  l\u00e4rt mig t\u00e4nka mycket p\u00e5 s\u00e4kerhet med tanke p\u00e5 att det man hanterade var tunga saker,,ledningen hade man inte mycket med att g\u00f6ra eftersom man kunde ruliansen i det stora hela det var ett s\u00e5dant jobb s\u00e5 att man viste hela tiden vad som skulle g\u00f6ras man fick reda p\u00e5 vad som skulle in med hj\u00e4lp av kollegerna inne i tunneln,,den sv\u00e5raste delen av jobbet var faktiskt n\u00e4r man skildes fr\u00e5n arbetskollegerna k\u00e4ndes konstigt m\u00e5nga av oss hade ju faktiskt jobbat ihop i 10 \u00e5r den b\u00e4sta delen av jobbet var man tj\u00e4nade bra jobbade l\u00e5nga dagar fri mycket ", " A empresa valoriza a qualidade de vida dos funcion\u00e1rios, oferece flexibilidade de hor\u00e1rios e benef\u00edcios como bebidas a vontade e lanches/frutas a vontade para os funcion\u00e1rios. O melhor da empresa, na minha opini\u00e3o, foi a oportunidade de conviver e trabalhar com pessoa muito inteligentes e \u00f3timos profissionais, o que me motivou a buscar ser um profissional melhor preparado. Por outro lado, a empresa \u00e9 t\u00e3o din\u00e2mica que \u00e9 quase imposs\u00edvel manter um planejamento durante o ano inteiro, pois ao longo do caminho o budget pode mudar, as metas podem mudar, o escopo do trabalho pode mudar, etc. A empresa valoriza profissionais que procuram movimenta\u00e7\u00f5es dentro da empresa, sendo que o ideal \u00e9 n\u00e3o passar mais de dois anos ocupando a mesma vaga. De uma forma geral, eu era apaixonada pela empresa, embora as cobran\u00e7as fossem bastante estressantes, a Microsoft \u00e9 o tipo de empresa na qual que se tem orgulho de trabalhar. ", " MS \u00e8 un'azienda in continua evoluzione e dinamica. Queste dinamicit\u00e0, possono portare grandi opportunit\u00e0 per apprendere nuovi argomenti ma anche costanti sconvolgimenti organizzativi ed instabilit\u00e0. ", " Boa e de bons princ\u00edpios, pagamentos em dias, pessoas de boas \u00edndoles , \u00f3timo lugar para se trabalhar ", " Le doy un 10. Tienen una cultura empresarial envidiable. Se preocupan realmente por sus trabajadores y son constantes las actividades para integracion, motivacion y reconocimiento de las labores que cada uno desempena. Tartas de cumpleanos, celebraciones y regalos de dia del padre, la madre, comisiones, comedor con bebidas gratis y cafe gratis.  Seguro privado, altas comisiones y un balance perfecto entre vida laboral y familiar, incluso ellos organizan eventos para asistir a divertirte con tu familia. Lamento haber tenido que dejarlo por las circunstancias socio-politicas que atraviesa  porque no he encontrado otro trabajo asi. ", " Van buiten gezien is het Microsoft kantoor een zwart, anoniem gebouw. Eenmaal binnen is de sfeer echter meteen anders: wit, kleurtjes, luxe lounge meubelen en een Coffee Company in de hal. Tijd voor werk, en tijd voor ontspannen - alles mag hier.  Werken voor Microsoft is een uitdagende bezigheid. Je wordt gepusht, bijna gedwongen, om door te zetten en te ontwikkelen.  Binnen teams heerst een hechte band, die helaas niet direct buiten de teams uitstrekt, waardoor het allemaal een beetje anoniem blijft wanneer je door het gebouw rondloopt - ook na bijna 3 jaar. Dit komt natuurlijk ook doordat men 60% van de tijd (of meer) thuis werkt. ", " - Flexibilidad en horario, el foco esta en el logro de los objetivos y en el cumplimiento de las pol\u00edticas y cultura de la familia Microsoft - Hay dias duros con mucha exigencia y dedicaci\u00f3n, pero tambi\u00e9n hay muchos d\u00edas divertidos, interesantes y relajados - Impulsan mucho la diversion y el relax (salas de masajes, sala de Xbox, dia de manicure, dias libre, etc) - Promocionan la superaci\u00f3n de cada empleado y permiten el crecimiento laboral de cada uno - El equipo de trabajo es muy diversificado, es interesante sus habilidades y conocimientos extracurriculares, por lo que las conversaciones siempre son amenas y divertidas - Es una noble empresa ", " Trabalhando com suporte via telefone recebia muitos incidentes diferentes, com novos problemas a serem solucionados. Um verdadeiro desafio contra o rel\u00f3gio j\u00e1 que trabalhava com base em metas. Todos analistas se ajudavam encaminhando suas documenta\u00e7\u00f5es sobre a solu\u00e7\u00e3o encontrada de novos problemas para todos atrav\u00e9s de e-mail interno. A dire\u00e7\u00e3o atuava de forma correta e estimulava os funcion\u00e1rios com premia\u00e7\u00f5es e gincanas de conhecimentos espec\u00edficos; A parte mais dif\u00edcil do dia, era justamente encontrar a solu\u00e7\u00e3o em tempo h\u00e1bil. A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era a uni\u00e3o entre os analista como um grande time alinhado e focado na qualidade do atendimento. ", " Entreprise Am\u00e9ricaine donc management a l'anglaise bonne \u00e9tat d'esprit. Tout doit se faire tr\u00e8s vite et vous devez vous adapter en permanence. La communication avec les diff\u00e9rents p\u00f4les de l'entreprise est primordiale. ", " Sempre em aprendizado profissional e intelectual  Uma empresa \u00f3tima pra se trabalhar, possui um bom ambiente para o desenvolvimento das atividades em diversos setores.  \u00c9 de uma transpar\u00eancia significativa e busca alcan\u00e7ar todas as suas metas ", " In mijn periode bij Microsoft heb ik de explosieve groei en de succesjaren meegemaakt. De organisatie was nog vrij plat en kende korte communicatielijnen. Grote mate van autonomie. De directie was deel van de groep, geen barrieres, open door policy. Het geven van waardevolle meningen en advies werd aangemoedigd.  Eigen initiatief werd gestimuleerd. Open communicatie met regelmatige verantwoording van de resultaten tov de plannen in kwartaalbijeenkomsten met medewerkers. Het moeilijkste van de baan was een gezonde balans tussen werk en priv\u00e9. De goede, uitdagende werksfeer en de zichtbare resultaten van de inspanningen gaf zoveel positieve energie dat 60-70 uur per week niet als een probleem werd ervaren. Soms wel door het thuisfront. Het leukste van de baan was de grote mate van autonomie, uitdagingen, eigen initiatief en inbreng en waardering door collega's en US management. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " N\u00e3o \u00e9 atoa que a Microsoft figura entre as Melhores empresas para se trabalhar, ela realmente faz jus ao posto. O ambiente de trabalho \u00e9 amig\u00e1vel, a empresa fomenta a diversidade e a transpar\u00eancia em todos os n\u00edveis e com o mercado. Os desafios est\u00e3o presentes no dia-a-dia basta abra\u00e7\u00e1-los. Aprendi muito nesta empresa e desejo que continue em seu caminho de sucesso. ", " Un accueil chaleureux. Un contact avec le personnel avec le sourire et l'esprit d'\u00e9quipe. Une ouverture au monde. Une ouverture sur les pays arabes, pour transmettre la libert\u00e9 et l'autonomie. Mes collaboratrices  les femmes aux foyers et opportunit\u00e9 de travail \u00e0 temps partiel dans chaque ville et la rencontre humaine et l'aide mutuelle. Garder le sourire malgr\u00e9 la crise. Le travail avec l'esprit de contribuer au d\u00e9veloppement de ceux qui ont besoin. ", " Tr\u00e8s bonne soci\u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e0 anvergure International.  Je me suis occup\u00e9 du grand EST de la france aupr\u00e8s des partenanaires Magasin ( Fnac, darty boulanger, auchan, leclerc etc.....)   J'ai mis en place plus de 70 % des meubles SURFACE MICROSOFT et je me suis occup\u00e9 du Merchandising pendant 8 mois.  Je fait une demande de remplacement en accord avec la soci\u00e9t\u00e9 car le d\u00e9placement ( 5000 km par mois ) devenait tr\u00e8s difficile physiquement. Cepandant la sosci\u00e9t\u00e9 a \u00e9t\u00e9 ravie de mon professionalisme et je me suis occup\u00e9 de la formation technique du remplacent. ", " aveces era relajado , aveces era duro se trabajaba super bien , me gustaba mostrarle a a gente que las consolas no solo eran para jugar sino tambien que erea un centro d entretenimiento familiar y poderle dar paso a la gente para que lo conocieran y se diviertieran un rato como un tipo de estrategia laboral para captar su atencion , mis compa\u00f1eros buenas personas siempre me adapto a la gente sin ningun lio para tener un buen climax laboral aprendi muchas cosas como trucos y claves del xbox y consolas manejarla con mas facilidad y la parte mas dificil tal vez hacerle competencia a los demas productos iguales a ellos y hacerle mas competencia ", " la journ\u00e9e du travail commence d'abord par la pr\u00e9paration des statistiques du J-1, puis par les suivis individuels de chaque collaborateur. Bien sur a fur et \u00e0 mesure je supervise mon \u00e9quipe \u00e0 partir d'un outils de pilotage  Je veille \u00e0 l'atteinte des objectifs fix\u00e9s par le client et j'interviens \u00e0 chaud lorsqu'il faut pour remonter en comp\u00e9tence un de mes collaborateur ou pour remonter des dysfonctionnement... ", " Dans l'ensemble l'entreprise dispose de tout les moyens n\u00e9cessaires pour mettre en \u0153uvre les actions men\u00e9s par les commerciaux. En effet les collaborateurs peuvent comptes sur les ressources qu'ils disposent en interne. L'aspect le plus difficile \u00e9tant de pouvoir mettre en \u0153uvre des fonctionnements car il y a beaucoup de proc\u00e9dures. Le plus agr\u00e9able est de b\u00e9n\u00e9ficier de l'atout majeur d\u2019\u00eatre une soci\u00e9t\u00e9 qui ne ne l\u00e9sine pas sur les moyens. ", " Lecture des mails et organisation de la journ\u00e9e par rapport a l urgence de chaque requ\u00eate.  V\u00e9rifier les paiements re\u00e7us \u00e0 la banque , mettre a jour le syst\u00e8me concernant les paiements et envoyer leurs d\u00e9tails a la personne concern\u00e9e Demandes de renseignements aux diff\u00e9rents services par rapport au litiges trait\u00e9s et suivi du process en cas de remboursement . R\u00e9ponses aux demandes du management. R\u00e9ponses aux clients et r\u00e9ception des remerciement pour la rapidit\u00e9 de la r\u00e9ponse et la confirmation des paiements . ", " Microsoft es una muy buena empresa, para crecer y aprender y tener nuevas responsabilidades de una forma din\u00e1mica y retadora,  A nivel de Beneficios esta entre las empresas que mas cuida y protege al trabajador aunque el nivel de exigencia y la carga de trabajo, dificulta poder disfrutar de un buen balance de vida personal y profesional. ", " Grande oportunidade em aprender sobre as diversas tecnologias existentes e disponibilizadas no mercado de trabalho. Tamb\u00e9m tive a oportunidade de aprender sobre vendas, a aperfei\u00e7oar minhas t\u00e9cnicas de palestrante (orat\u00f3ria), a desenvolver sistema gerenciador, tradu\u00e7\u00e3o de sites, aperfei\u00e7oar meus idiomas como ingl\u00ebs, espanhol e al\u00e9m da escrita portuguesa. ", " Buen lugar para trabajar, sobre todo si est\u00e1s en una fase de aprendizaje. Mucha flexibilidad para poder realizar tu trabajo desde el lugar que estimes o sea necesario. Ambiente muy profesional.  Muy poca holgura para realizar proyectos diferentes a lo que solicita Casa Matriz. Se planifica y se mira estrat\u00e9gicamente a la organizaci\u00f3n desde Casa Matriz, siendo la posici\u00f3n local bastante m\u00e1s operativa. ", " una compa\u00f1ia donde aprendi mucho sobre tecnologia de informacion como de videojuegos, ya que la linea de ventas de microsoft es demasiada amplia, desde software hasta video juegos. de las cuales aprendi demasiado. la compa\u00f1ia si fue incumplida con sus pagos y sus promesas de comisiones y bonificaciones. ", " Au sein de Microsoft, le salari\u00e9 se retrouve dans les conditions id\u00e9ales pour travailler. Le cadre et l'am\u00e9nagement du campus sont uniques en France. Le management est amical, sans pression. Le travail est bien s\u00fbr exigeant, sinon l'entreprise ne serait pas l\u00e0 o\u00f9 elle en est aujourd'hui, mais toutes les conditions sont r\u00e9unies pour atteindre les objectifs. L'ambiance y est toujours au top, dans toutes les divisions. ", " Ik waardeerde de flexibiliteit enorm bij Microsoft. Je krijgt je doelen en zie maar hoe je er komt. Dit wil zeggen dat je je eigen tijd kan invullen, op kantoor of thuis. Alle technologieen werden ter beschikking gegeven.  Er was ook binnen het bedrijg plek voor netwerken. Twee koffieshops, goede kantine, kleine shop, fitnessruimte etc maakte het om met plezier naar het werk te gaan.  Nadeel, herstrukturering is niet echt een humaan proces. Willen ze van je af, dan ben je geen individu. Typisch amerikaans. ", " Des collaborateurs passionn\u00e9s et passionnants Une infrastructure moderne Avantages du CE Une tr\u00e8s bonne ambiance de travail   Aspect difficile du poste: r\u00e9unir des informations fragment\u00e9es au sein de diff\u00e9rentes Business Units Aspect agr\u00e9able du poste: polyvalence &amp; souplesse  Une exp\u00e9rience professionnelle \u00e0 vivre si possible ! ", " Com muitas metas e revis\u00f5es por fazer O funcionamento de uma empresa com um produto \u00fanico no mercado e sua distribui\u00e7\u00e3o em \u00e1reas de neg\u00f3cios Muito profissionais Atarefados com o dia a dia e metas Trazer uma nova filosofia para um ambiente ainda n\u00e3o acostumado Compreender o business de cada \u00e1rea e suas metas por se tratar de mercado t\u00e3o \u00fanico. ", " EN CRECIMEINTO EN LA REGION Y LIDERA EL MERCADO EN LA REGION Y OTRAS CIUDADES DEL PAIS..YO ESTOY A CARGO DE TODAS LAS SUCURSALES EN EL PAIS, PERO ESTA POSTULACION LA HAGO PORQUE CREO DAR MAS Y DESEO RECIBIR MAS EN LO ECONOMICO,MI PARTE MAS DIFICIL LOGRAR LA ESTABILIDAD DE CADA SUCURSAL,LO QUE MAS ME GUSTA ES TRABAJAR CON LOS EQUIPOS DE VENTAS Y MOTIVARLOS PARA LOGRAR LA META TRAZADA.. ", " Tout au long de mon exp\u00e9rience au sein de l'entreprise des missions \u00e0 haute responsabilit\u00e9 m'ont \u00e9t\u00e9 confi\u00e9es comme notamment la mise en place de nouveaux process WolrdWide qui m'ont permis de faire mes preuves, de montrer mes capacit\u00e9s et d'atteindre continuellement de nouveaux objectifs. ", " Aprendi a convivir con gente importante dentro de la empresa, aparte  que cuentan con un servicio estupendo. ", " O dia iniciava com a definicao de plano de visita, mapeamento e prospeccao de novas contas, plano de abordagem, treinamento do produto, inclusao das atividades no CRM. Ambiente com Diretoria e Gerencia muito bom. Agradavel o local de trabalho.  ", " Empresa con un ambiente laboral ideal, te permite desempe\u00f1ar tus actividades diarias incluso desde el hogar, mucha confianza en los empleados y en sus capacidades individuales. Espacio para el desarrollo profesional y personal con desaf\u00edos diarios.  Empresa muy din\u00e1mica, todos los d\u00edas son una nueva experiencia. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " APREDIR MUITO E TIVE UM RECONHECIMENTO PROFISSIONAL DESEJADO ", " Excellent work environment, great support from all coworkers ", " Aunque tratan muy bien al elemento humano... los procesos, la burocracia y la excesiva documentaci\u00f3n la hacen obsoleta en seguimiento de procesos. Demasiandas actividades que no son indipensables para lograr objetivos. Hay puestos donde no hay balance vida trabajo ", " Ik waardeerde de flexibiliteit enorm bij Microsoft. Je krijgt je doelen en zie maar hoe je er komt. Dit wil zeggen dat je je eigen tijd kan invullen, op kantoor of thuis. Alle technologieen werden ter beschikking gegeven.  Er was ook binnen het bedrijg plek voor netwerken. Twee koffieshops, goede kantine, kleine shop, fitnessruimte etc maakte het om met plezier naar het werk te gaan.  Nadeel, herstrukturering is niet echt een humaan proces. Willen ze van je af, dan ben je geen individu. Typisch amerikaans. ", " Mi d\u00eda de trabajo comenzaba a las 10 am en cada Pos asignado cada d\u00eda donde se capacitaba a cada personal de la tienda realizando una vista previa revisando si nuestros equipos se encontraban con la mejor ubicaci\u00f3n realizando visita a 8 tiendas promedio durante el d\u00eda. ", " Empresa em fase de transforma\u00e7\u00e3o, com mudan\u00e7as a todo momento, metas agressivas e recursos limitados. ", " Buen lugar para trabajar, sobre todo si est\u00e1s en una fase de aprendizaje. Mucha flexibilidad para poder realizar tu trabajo desde el lugar que estimes o sea necesario. Ambiente muy profesional.  Muy poca holgura para realizar proyectos diferentes a lo que solicita Casa Matriz. Se planifica y se mira estrat\u00e9gicamente a la organizaci\u00f3n desde Casa Matriz, siendo la posici\u00f3n local bastante m\u00e1s operativa. ", " A Microsoft \u00e9 uma empresa l\u00edder na \u00e1rea de tecnologia. Essa empresa comprou a Nokia e a fabrica\u00e7\u00e3o dos telefones celulares Lumia e implementou na f\u00e1brica Manaus a linha de jogos XBOX 360 e One. ", " nota 10  A diretoria de suprimentos da VALE, atrav\u00e9s de sua pol\u00edtica de Gest\u00e3o de Fornecedores e de seu programa denominado IDF \u2013 \u00cdndice de Desempenho do Fornecedor, deu nota m\u00e1xima (=100%) aos servi\u00e7os da BELGE para esta renomada empresa.  Isto ocorreu na \u00faltima avalia\u00e7\u00e3o anual de maio/09 e qualificou a Belge a concorrer na premia\u00e7\u00e3o dos melhores fornecedores do ano, junto ao F\u00f3rum Regional e Nacional da VALE.  A Belge tem prestado os seguintes servi\u00e7os para a VALE:  Projetos de consultoria em simula\u00e7\u00e3o e otimiza\u00e7\u00e3o das: usinas de pelotiza\u00e7\u00e3o; terminais portu\u00e1rios; ferrovias e cadeia log\u00edstica  Fornecimento de licen\u00e7as do software ProModel  Treinamentos diversos nesta categoria e suporte t\u00e9cnico aos seus usu\u00e1rios internos.  Segundo as palavras da VALE, o \u00edndice de 100% significa: \u201cApresentou padr\u00e3o de excel\u00eancia nos requisitos avaliados\u201d. Tal avalia\u00e7\u00e3o considerou diversos aspectos, como: qualidade t\u00e9cnica dos servi\u00e7os; pontualidade e adequa\u00e7\u00e3o aos procedimentos internos da empresa.  Nossas equipes de projetos, suporte t\u00e9cnico e treinamento se regozijam por contribu\u00edrem t\u00e3o positivamente com esta empresa que \u00e9 um \u00edcone em nosso pa\u00eds!! ", " una compa\u00f1ia donde aprendi mucho sobre tecnologia de informacion como de videojuegos, ya que la linea de ventas de microsoft es demasiada amplia, desde software hasta video juegos. de las cuales aprendi demasiado. la compa\u00f1ia si fue incumplida con sus pagos y sus promesas de comisiones y bonificaciones. ", " la journ\u00e9e du travail commence d'abord par la pr\u00e9paration des statistiques du J-1, puis par les suivis individuels de chaque collaborateur. Bien sur a fur et \u00e0 mesure je supervise mon \u00e9quipe \u00e0 partir d'un outils de pilotage  Je veille \u00e0 l'atteinte des objectifs fix\u00e9s par le client et j'interviens \u00e0 chaud lorsqu'il faut pour remonter en comp\u00e9tence un de mes collaborateur ou pour remonter des dysfonctionnement... ", " Trabalho din\u00e2mico e com foco em resultados. Desenvolvi habilidades de como estabelecer novas estrat\u00e9gias de maneira r\u00e1pida e eficaz. ", " \u00d3tima empresa, \u00f3timos colegas, aprendi bastante. Muitas capacita\u00e7\u00f5es profissionais. ", " Empresa din\u00e2mica, empresa oferece trabalho din\u00e2mico, gerentes que tive sempre me ajudaram na carreira. ", " amerika microsoftla uzak yak\u0131n alakas\u0131 olmayan,dolar maa\u015f\u0131n\u0131 kaybetmemek i\u00e7in turlu taklalar atan yalakalar\u0131n toplulugu...sat\u0131s pazarla k\u0131sm\u0131 i\u00e7in soyluyorum..teknik ekibi tenzih ederim.. i\u00e7eride guclu bir sponsorunuz yoksa uzak durun... para i\u00e7in sagl\u0131g\u0131n\u0131zdan olmay\u0131n... operasyonel i\u015fler yap\u0131osunuz kendinizi geli\u015ftiremezsiniz. ", " M\u00fccadeleci ve alan\u0131nda lider olmay\u0131 ama\u00e7layan, bu yolda \u00e7al\u0131\u015fanlar\u0131na en iyi ortam\u0131 ve olanaklar\u0131 sa\u011flay\u0131p kendilerinden en y\u00fcksek potansiyeli elde edebilen bir \u015firket. ", " Surekli degisim ve iyilesme odakli Egitim ve gelisme olanaklari odlukca fazla Isbirligi en onemli deger ", " N\u00e3o \u00e9 atoa que a Microsoft figura entre as Melhores empresas para se trabalhar, ela realmente faz jus ao posto. O ambiente de trabalho \u00e9 amig\u00e1vel, a empresa fomenta a diversidade e a transpar\u00eancia em todos os n\u00edveis e com o mercado. Os desafios est\u00e3o presentes no dia-a-dia basta abra\u00e7\u00e1-los. Aprendi muito nesta empresa e desejo que continue em seu caminho de sucesso. ", " dependiendo del punto de venta hay unos donde va mas gente que en otros donde se atendi gente . aprendi al abordaje de todos tipo de clientes. los colegas son personas que estan todo el tiempo pero hay unos que trabajan en equipo. la parta mas dificil estar de pie todo el dia lo que mas me gusto es la tecnologia estar actualizado y saber del tema ", " Grande oportunidade em aprender sobre as diversas tecnologias existentes e disponibilizadas no mercado de trabalho. Tamb\u00e9m tive a oportunidade de aprender sobre vendas, a aperfei\u00e7oar minhas t\u00e9cnicas de palestrante (orat\u00f3ria), a desenvolver sistema gerenciador, tradu\u00e7\u00e3o de sites, aperfei\u00e7oar meus idiomas como ingl\u00ebs, espanhol e al\u00e9m da escrita portuguesa. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Des collaborateurs passionn\u00e9s et passionnants Une infrastructure moderne Avantages du CE Une tr\u00e8s bonne ambiance de travail   Aspect difficile du poste: r\u00e9unir des informations fragment\u00e9es au sein de diff\u00e9rentes Business Units Aspect agr\u00e9able du poste: polyvalence &amp; souplesse  Une exp\u00e9rience professionnelle \u00e0 vivre si possible ! ", " Contudo de dif\u00edcil adapta\u00e7\u00e3o para alguns, sistemas trabalhistas pouco apresent\u00e1veis. ", " Com muitas metas e revis\u00f5es por fazer O funcionamento de uma empresa com um produto \u00fanico no mercado e sua distribui\u00e7\u00e3o em \u00e1reas de neg\u00f3cios Muito profissionais Atarefados com o dia a dia e metas Trazer uma nova filosofia para um ambiente ainda n\u00e3o acostumado Compreender o business de cada \u00e1rea e suas metas por se tratar de mercado t\u00e3o \u00fanico. ", " EN CRECIMEINTO EN LA REGION Y LIDERA EL MERCADO EN LA REGION Y OTRAS CIUDADES DEL PAIS..YO ESTOY A CARGO DE TODAS LAS SUCURSALES EN EL PAIS, PERO ESTA POSTULACION LA HAGO PORQUE CREO DAR MAS Y DESEO RECIBIR MAS EN LO ECONOMICO,MI PARTE MAS DIFICIL LOGRAR LA ESTABILIDAD DE CADA SUCURSAL,LO QUE MAS ME GUSTA ES TRABAJAR CON LOS EQUIPOS DE VENTAS Y MOTIVARLOS PARA LOGRAR LA META TRAZADA.. ", " Ambiente molto stimolante, con grandi prospettive di crescita professionale ma d'altro canto molto stressante e impegnativo. ", " Super Praktikum mit vielen Einblicken und der M\u00f6glichkeit sich selbst einzubringen! ", " O dia iniciava com a definicao de plano de visita, mapeamento e prospeccao de novas contas, plano de abordagem, treinamento do produto, inclusao das atividades no CRM. Ambiente com Diretoria e Gerencia muito bom. Agradavel o local de trabalho.  ", " Tout au long de mon exp\u00e9rience au sein de l'entreprise des missions \u00e0 haute responsabilit\u00e9 m'ont \u00e9t\u00e9 confi\u00e9es comme notamment la mise en place de nouveaux process WolrdWide qui m'ont permis de faire mes preuves, de montrer mes capacit\u00e9s et d'atteindre continuellement de nouveaux objectifs. ", " Empresa con un ambiente laboral ideal, te permite desempe\u00f1ar tus actividades diarias incluso desde el hogar, mucha confianza en los empleados y en sus capacidades individuales. Espacio para el desarrollo profesional y personal con desaf\u00edos diarios.  Empresa muy din\u00e1mica, todos los d\u00edas son una nueva experiencia. ", " O ambiente e as oportunidades de trabalho e aprendizado foram excelentes, o trabalho em equipe fant\u00e1stico. A \u00e1rea que eu atuei foi uma experi\u00eancia fant\u00e1stica de troca e crescimento. ", " Empresa moderna, com profissionais jovens, boa localiza\u00e7\u00e3o e infraestrutura. Ambiente de trabalho saud\u00e1vel em que aprendi a gerenciar todo o ciclo de venda, da prospec\u00e7\u00e3o, gerenciamento de forecast, processos administrativos, at\u00e9 relacionamento  e trato com cliente. Hor\u00e1rios flex\u00edveis e politica de home office permitem excelente qualidade de vida. ", " gostei muito de trabalhar l\u00e1 pena que  era contrato,mais \u00e9 muito bom o ambiente de trabalho ", " aunque tenia las mejores ventas por mas de un a\u00f1o seguido si no se estaba de amigo del grupo de los jefes no habia posibilidades de un mejor puesto. ", " MSN.fr un poids lourd de l'industrie du divertissement.  D\u00e9couverte du fonctionnement d'une tr\u00e8s grande entreprise. Travail avec r\u00e9seau externe mais aussi interne. Tr\u00e8s bon managers ! La capacit\u00e9 de proposer de nouvelles choses, d'\u00eatre \u00e9cout\u00e9e et d'\u00eatre responsabilis\u00e9e. Spectre du poste tr\u00e8s large. ", " A empresa fornece benef\u00edcios como frutas, caf\u00e9, sucos, refrigerantes. Ambiente interno agrad\u00e1vel, localiza\u00e7\u00e3o \u00f3tima - Av. Na\u00e7\u00f5es unidas.   minha equipe de trabalho era muito boa de se trabalhar, uma qualidade em comum era trabalho em equipe, o que sempre facilitou muito nosso dia a dia. ", " me gusto mucho trabajar para microsoft, aprend\u00ed sobre el trabajo en equipo, del liderazgo y ademas me ense\u00f1o a usar toda la paqueteria de office, uso y conocimiento de windows 8, al uso y manejo de xbox y uso y manejo de la tableta interactiva \"surface\". ", " Microsoft a pris ces derni\u00e8res ann\u00e9es un virage qui en fait des entreprises les plus int\u00e9ressantes pour travailler.   L'environnement est plus que agr\u00e9able, tout est pens\u00e9 autour du salari\u00e9 afin qu'il se sente au mieux et qu'il donne le meilleur de lui m\u00eame.   Une belle entreprise en sommes ", " \u041f\u0440\u0435\u043a\u0440\u0430\u0441\u043d\u0430\u044f \u043a\u043e\u043c\u043f\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044f \u0434\u043b\u044f \u0440\u0430\u0437\u0432\u0438\u0442\u0438\u044f \u043b\u0438\u0447\u043d\u044b\u0445 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0444\u0435\u0441\u0441\u0438\u043e\u043d\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u044b\u0445 \u043d\u0430\u0432\u044b\u043a\u043e\u0432, \u0443\u043c\u0435\u043d\u0438\u044f \u0430\u043d\u0430\u043b\u0438\u0437\u0438\u0440\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0442\u044c \u0431\u043e\u043b\u044c\u0448\u043e\u0439 \u043e\u0431\u044a\u0435\u043c \u0438\u043d\u0444\u043e\u0440\u043c\u0430\u0446\u0438\u0438 \u0438 \u0440\u0430\u0441\u0441\u0442\u0430\u0432\u043b\u044f\u0442\u044c \u043f\u0440\u0438\u043e\u0440\u0438\u0442\u0435\u0442\u044b. \u041e\u0442\u043b\u0438\u0447\u043d\u044b\u0439 \u0441\u043f\u043b\u043e\u0447\u0435\u043d\u043d\u044b\u0439 \u043a\u043e\u043b\u043b\u0435\u043a\u0442\u0438\u0432, \u043f\u043e\u043c\u043e\u0433\u0430\u044e\u0449\u0438\u0439 \u0434\u043e\u0431\u0438\u0432\u0430\u0442\u044c\u0441\u044f \u0432\u044b\u0441\u043e\u043a\u0438\u0445 \u0440\u0435\u0437\u0443\u043b\u044c\u0442\u0430\u0442\u043e\u0432. ", " Yo era el responsable de los sitios de Ciao.it y Ciao.co.uk y me ocupaba de la gestion de los usuarios del sitio, de los problemas tecnicos y de los casos legales relativos al contenido presente en nuestras paginas web (generalmente companias que lo consideraban difamatorio y querian darlo del baja) ", " EXELENTE EQUIPO DE TRABAJO  AMBIENTE  BUENO EQUIPOS DE TRABAJO EN CONDICIONES  GRUPO REDUCIDO "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " ottima palestra per crescere, un buon profilo dinamico e giovane. molto corporation ", " N\u00e3o \u00e9 atoa que a Microsoft figura entre as Melhores empresas para se trabalhar, ela realmente faz jus ao posto. O ambiente de trabalho \u00e9 amig\u00e1vel, a empresa fomenta a diversidade e a transpar\u00eancia em todos os n\u00edveis e com o mercado. Os desafios est\u00e3o presentes no dia-a-dia basta abra\u00e7\u00e1-los. Aprendi muito nesta empresa e desejo que continue em seu caminho de sucesso. ", " EFICAZ AMABLE TOLERANTE  ACATAR ORDENES Y RESCATAR INFORMACI\u00d3N CPU MICROSOFT ", " Un environnement tr\u00e8s international et agr\u00e9able. Une bonne entente entre les \u00e9quipes. Des bon Managers. ", " Un accueil chaleureux. Un contact avec le personnel avec le sourire et l'esprit d'\u00e9quipe. Une ouverture au monde. Une ouverture sur les pays arabes, pour transmettre la libert\u00e9 et l'autonomie. Mes collaboratrices  les femmes aux foyers et opportunit\u00e9 de travail \u00e0 temps partiel dans chaque ville et la rencontre humaine et l'aide mutuelle. Garder le sourire malgr\u00e9 la crise. Le travail avec l'esprit de contribuer au d\u00e9veloppement de ceux qui ont besoin. ", " Microsoft tr\u00e8s bonne entreprise, les formations sont enrichissante le cadre agr\u00e9able ,les aspects les plus positifs du poste sont la gestions de son planning la n\u00e9gociation avec les clients les formations les d\u00e9monstrations les produits. ", " me gusto mucho trabajar para microsoft, aprend\u00ed sobre el trabajo en equipo, del liderazgo y ademas me ense\u00f1o a usar toda la paqueteria de office, uso y conocimiento de windows 8, al uso y manejo de xbox y uso y manejo de la tableta interactiva \"surface\". ", " Uma das empresas mais incriveis que eu ja trabalhei, eles te desafiam mais de uma forma sensacional, eu adorava trabalhar l\u00e1 ", " Le doy un 10. Tienen una cultura empresarial envidiable. Se preocupan realmente por sus trabajadores y son constantes las actividades para integracion, motivacion y reconocimiento de las labores que cada uno desempena. Tartas de cumpleanos, celebraciones y regalos de dia del padre, la madre, comisiones, comedor con bebidas gratis y cafe gratis.  Seguro privado, altas comisiones y un balance perfecto entre vida laboral y familiar, incluso ellos organizan eventos para asistir a divertirte con tu familia. Lamento haber tenido que dejarlo por las circunstancias socio-politicas que atraviesa  porque no he encontrado otro trabajo asi. ", " Een snelle veranderende harde sales wereld. Score card management, als alle bolletjes groen zijn maakt het Microsoft niet uit hoe lang en hoe veel je werkt. ", " \u529e\u516c\u73af\u5883\u597d \u5458\u5de5\u7d20\u8d28\u9ad8 \u7ba1\u7406\u9ad8\u6548 \u9700\u6c42\u6e05\u6670\uff0c\u9879\u76ee\u8fed\u4ee3\u5feb \u516c\u53f8\u798f\u5229\u597d \u540c\u4e8b\u5927\u90fd\u5f88\u53cb\u597d \u5728\u8fd9\u91cc\u5de5\u4f5c\u6709\u6210\u5c31\u611f \u53ef\u4ee5\u548c\u4f18\u79c0\u7684\u4eba\u4e00\u8d77\u5171\u4e8b\uff0c\u5b66\u5230\u5f88\u591a\u4e1c\u897f ", " Empresa multinacional, com plano de carreira para os funcion\u00e1rios, com excelentes planos de carreia, benef\u00edcios, muito din\u00e2mica, e a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era a demanda de trabalho. ", " llegaba a la empresa y me sorprend\u00eda ya de entrada toda la tecnolog\u00eda que ten\u00edan en la empresa  aprend\u00ed a trabajar en grupo ", " Empresa s\u00e9ria e competitiva, mirando apenas resultados e capital. ", " Tr\u00e8s bonne soci\u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e0 anvergure International.  Je me suis occup\u00e9 du grand EST de la france aupr\u00e8s des partenanaires Magasin ( Fnac, darty boulanger, auchan, leclerc etc.....)   J'ai mis en place plus de 70 % des meubles SURFACE MICROSOFT et je me suis occup\u00e9 du Merchandising pendant 8 mois.  Je fait une demande de remplacement en accord avec la soci\u00e9t\u00e9 car le d\u00e9placement ( 5000 km par mois ) devenait tr\u00e8s difficile physiquement. Cepandant la sosci\u00e9t\u00e9 a \u00e9t\u00e9 ravie de mon professionalisme et je me suis occup\u00e9 de la formation technique du remplacent. ", " empresa din\u00e2mica e diversificada, estruturada, tecnologia de ponta. ", " Empresa con un ambiente laboral ideal, te permite desempe\u00f1ar tus actividades diarias incluso desde el hogar, mucha confianza en los empleados y en sus capacidades individuales. Espacio para el desarrollo profesional y personal con desaf\u00edos diarios.  Empresa muy din\u00e1mica, todos los d\u00edas son una nueva experiencia. ", " Gezellige en productieve sfeer. Veel geleerd over shoppermarketing en gebruik gemaakt van de interne opleidingsmogelijkheden. ", " aveces era relajado , aveces era duro se trabajaba super bien , me gustaba mostrarle a a gente que las consolas no solo eran para jugar sino tambien que erea un centro d entretenimiento familiar y poderle dar paso a la gente para que lo conocieran y se diviertieran un rato como un tipo de estrategia laboral para captar su atencion , mis compa\u00f1eros buenas personas siempre me adapto a la gente sin ningun lio para tener un buen climax laboral aprendi muchas cosas como trucos y claves del xbox y consolas manejarla con mas facilidad y la parte mas dificil tal vez hacerle competencia a los demas productos iguales a ellos y hacerle mas competencia ", " la journ\u00e9e du travail commence d'abord par la pr\u00e9paration des statistiques du J-1, puis par les suivis individuels de chaque collaborateur. Bien sur a fur et \u00e0 mesure je supervise mon \u00e9quipe \u00e0 partir d'un outils de pilotage  Je veille \u00e0 l'atteinte des objectifs fix\u00e9s par le client et j'interviens \u00e0 chaud lorsqu'il faut pour remonter en comp\u00e9tence un de mes collaborateur ou pour remonter des dysfonctionnement... "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Etre dans cette \u00e9quipe dynamique m'a permis de me surpasser et combler ma soif d'apprentissage et de connaissance. ", " Passionnant de d\u00e9couvrir et travailler sur cet outil collaboratif ", " Uma empresa muito dinamica em sua Gest\u00e3o, foco e assertividade em estabelecimentos de numeros. ", " azienda che mira all'eccellenza sia nei prodotti offerti che nell'ambiente lavorativo. Elevata competitivit\u00e0 interna, ottime possibilit\u00e0 di sviluppo professionale e opportunit\u00e0 di carriera ", " Dem Effizienzgedanken wird alles untergeordnet, die eigene Karriere steht insbesondere beim Top Management im Mittelpunkt. ", " El nivel de exigencia, estr\u00e9s y presi\u00f3n son muy altos y, en consecuencia, el nivel de conocimientos y experiencia adquiridos tambi\u00e9n lo son. Adem\u00e1s se desarrollan habilidades muy \u00fatiles para un futuro crecimiento profesional.  Muy buen ambiente y entorno laboral. ", " Empresa com pessoas muito competitivas  um dia t\u00edpico de trabalho o que voc\u00ea aprendeu a dire\u00e7\u00e3o/ger\u00eancia os seus colegas de trabalho a parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel do trabalho ", " - Flexibilidad en horario, el foco esta en el logro de los objetivos y en el cumplimiento de las pol\u00edticas y cultura de la familia Microsoft - Hay dias duros con mucha exigencia y dedicaci\u00f3n, pero tambi\u00e9n hay muchos d\u00edas divertidos, interesantes y relajados - Impulsan mucho la diversion y el relax (salas de masajes, sala de Xbox, dia de manicure, dias libre, etc) - Promocionan la superaci\u00f3n de cada empleado y permiten el crecimiento laboral de cada uno - El equipo de trabajo es muy diversificado, es interesante sus habilidades y conocimientos extracurriculares, por lo que las conversaciones siempre son amenas y divertidas - Es una noble empresa ", " Dans l'ensemble l'entreprise dispose de tout les moyens n\u00e9cessaires pour mettre en \u0153uvre les actions men\u00e9s par les commerciaux. En effet les collaborateurs peuvent comptes sur les ressources qu'ils disposent en interne. L'aspect le plus difficile \u00e9tant de pouvoir mettre en \u0153uvre des fonctionnements car il y a beaucoup de proc\u00e9dures. Le plus agr\u00e9able est de b\u00e9n\u00e9ficier de l'atout majeur d\u2019\u00eatre une soci\u00e9t\u00e9 qui ne ne l\u00e9sine pas sur les moyens. ", " Es una buena empresa en la cual se pueden aprender muchas cosas, ademas de la oportunidad de crecer dentro de la empresa ", " Lecture des mails et organisation de la journ\u00e9e par rapport a l urgence de chaque requ\u00eate.  V\u00e9rifier les paiements re\u00e7us \u00e0 la banque , mettre a jour le syst\u00e8me concernant les paiements et envoyer leurs d\u00e9tails a la personne concern\u00e9e Demandes de renseignements aux diff\u00e9rents services par rapport au litiges trait\u00e9s et suivi du process en cas de remboursement . R\u00e9ponses aux demandes du management. R\u00e9ponses aux clients et r\u00e9ception des remerciement pour la rapidit\u00e9 de la r\u00e9ponse et la confirmation des paiements . ", " je faisais une tourn\u00e9e sur les d\u00e9partements 86, 85, 17,18,87,37 , pour la promotion XBOX , pose de PLV , changement de borne ", " MSN.fr un poids lourd de l'industrie du divertissement.  D\u00e9couverte du fonctionnement d'une tr\u00e8s grande entreprise. Travail avec r\u00e9seau externe mais aussi interne. Tr\u00e8s bon managers ! La capacit\u00e9 de proposer de nouvelles choses, d'\u00eatre \u00e9cout\u00e9e et d'\u00eatre responsabilis\u00e9e. Spectre du poste tr\u00e8s large. ", " Bastante positivo e crescimento profissional. ambiente de trabalho favor\u00e1vel benef\u00edcios atraentes preocupada com a sa\u00fade do funcion\u00e1rio ", " Aunque es complicado que la gente est\u00e9 disponible, siempre est\u00e1n dispuestos a ayudar. ", " excelente ambiente de trabalho, din\u00e2mico. Colegas altamente capacitados. As vezes estrutura burocr\u00e1tica e lenta ", " Aprend\u00ed conocimiento b\u00e1sico de paquetes computacionales de aplicativos empresariales. trabajo en equipo, responsabilidad y r\u00e1pido aprendizaje. la parte m\u00e1s dif\u00edcil del trabajo el manejo de clientes enojados por los inconvenientes de los productos ", " Tres bonne interactivit\u00e9 avec les equipiers. Possibilit\u00e9 de se former en interne. Travail en autonomie. ", " Van buiten gezien is het Microsoft kantoor een zwart, anoniem gebouw. Eenmaal binnen is de sfeer echter meteen anders: wit, kleurtjes, luxe lounge meubelen en een Coffee Company in de hal. Tijd voor werk, en tijd voor ontspannen - alles mag hier.  Werken voor Microsoft is een uitdagende bezigheid. Je wordt gepusht, bijna gedwongen, om door te zetten en te ontwikkelen.  Binnen teams heerst een hechte band, die helaas niet direct buiten de teams uitstrekt, waardoor het allemaal een beetje anoniem blijft wanneer je door het gebouw rondloopt - ook na bijna 3 jaar. Dit komt natuurlijk ook doordat men 60% van de tijd (of meer) thuis werkt. ", " nota 10  A diretoria de suprimentos da VALE, atrav\u00e9s de sua pol\u00edtica de Gest\u00e3o de Fornecedores e de seu programa denominado IDF \u2013 \u00cdndice de Desempenho do Fornecedor, deu nota m\u00e1xima (=100%) aos servi\u00e7os da BELGE para esta renomada empresa.  Isto ocorreu na \u00faltima avalia\u00e7\u00e3o anual de maio/09 e qualificou a Belge a concorrer na premia\u00e7\u00e3o dos melhores fornecedores do ano, junto ao F\u00f3rum Regional e Nacional da VALE.  A Belge tem prestado os seguintes servi\u00e7os para a VALE:  Projetos de consultoria em simula\u00e7\u00e3o e otimiza\u00e7\u00e3o das: usinas de pelotiza\u00e7\u00e3o; terminais portu\u00e1rios; ferrovias e cadeia log\u00edstica  Fornecimento de licen\u00e7as do software ProModel  Treinamentos diversos nesta categoria e suporte t\u00e9cnico aos seus usu\u00e1rios internos.  Segundo as palavras da VALE, o \u00edndice de 100% significa: \u201cApresentou padr\u00e3o de excel\u00eancia nos requisitos avaliados\u201d. Tal avalia\u00e7\u00e3o considerou diversos aspectos, como: qualidade t\u00e9cnica dos servi\u00e7os; pontualidade e adequa\u00e7\u00e3o aos procedimentos internos da empresa.  Nossas equipes de projetos, suporte t\u00e9cnico e treinamento se regozijam por contribu\u00edrem t\u00e3o positivamente com esta empresa que \u00e9 um \u00edcone em nosso pa\u00eds!! "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Une entreprise ouverte d'esprit, jeune, dynamique, parfaite pour des challengeurs aimant l'esprit d'\u00e9quipe ", " Microsoft es una muy buena empresa, para crecer y aprender y tener nuevas responsabilidades de una forma din\u00e1mica y retadora,  A nivel de Beneficios esta entre las empresas que mas cuida y protege al trabajador aunque el nivel de exigencia y la carga de trabajo, dificulta poder disfrutar de un buen balance de vida personal y profesional. ", " Grande oportunidade em aprender sobre as diversas tecnologias existentes e disponibilizadas no mercado de trabalho. Tamb\u00e9m tive a oportunidade de aprender sobre vendas, a aperfei\u00e7oar minhas t\u00e9cnicas de palestrante (orat\u00f3ria), a desenvolver sistema gerenciador, tradu\u00e7\u00e3o de sites, aperfei\u00e7oar meus idiomas como ingl\u00ebs, espanhol e al\u00e9m da escrita portuguesa. ", " Aprend\u00e9s continuamente. Mucho foco en el desarrollo del capital humano. ", " Es wird viel gefordert aber auch viel gegeben. Viele Freiheiten, mobiles Arbeiten, home-office Gute und kompetente Kollegen. ", " Des collaborateurs passionn\u00e9s et passionnants Une infrastructure moderne Avantages du CE Une tr\u00e8s bonne ambiance de travail   Aspect difficile du poste: r\u00e9unir des informations fragment\u00e9es au sein de diff\u00e9rentes Business Units Aspect agr\u00e9able du poste: polyvalence &amp; souplesse  Une exp\u00e9rience professionnelle \u00e0 vivre si possible ! ", " Empresa moderna, com profissionais jovens, boa localiza\u00e7\u00e3o e infraestrutura. Ambiente de trabalho saud\u00e1vel em que aprendi a gerenciar todo o ciclo de venda, da prospec\u00e7\u00e3o, gerenciamento de forecast, processos administrativos, at\u00e9 relacionamento  e trato com cliente. Hor\u00e1rios flex\u00edveis e politica de home office permitem excelente qualidade de vida. ", " c'est un cadre de travail agr\u00e9able,ou tous le monde sais ce qu'il a a faire.bien dirig\u00e9 les cadres sont innovateur toujours des nouvelles id\u00e9e de d\u00e9veloppement. des coll\u00e8gues sympas et pret a aid\u00e9e.  malheureusement c'\u00e9t\u00e9 un contra de remplacement. ", " Oportunidade oferece um ambiente excepcional de trabalho fazendo com que o funcion\u00e1rio sinta-se parte da empresa. ", " - Estudo e Aplica\u00e7\u00e3o de t\u00e9cnicas e logica de programa\u00e7\u00e3o em C# e XAML  - Parte mais dif\u00edcil: Aprender uma nova linguagem em pouco tempo  - Parte mais agrad\u00e1vel: Aprender uma nova linguagem com uma equipe preparada e disposta a passar as informa\u00e7\u00f5es ", " \u5c0a\u91cd\u5458\u5de5\u7684\u9700\u6c42\uff0c\u5c0a\u91cd\u5ba2\u6237\u7684\u9700\u6c42\uff0c\u62e5\u6709\u597d\u7684\u4ea7\u54c1\uff0c\u4f18\u8d28\u3001\u9ad8\u6548\u7684\u4f01\u4e1a\u7ba1\u7406\uff0c\u7f8e\u56fd\u5f0f\u7684\u4f01\u4e1a\u6587\u5316\u3002 X X X X X X X X ", " muy Buena empresa y divertida.  Excelentes personas honestas  y exite un ambiente de compa\u00f1erismo muy padre. ", " Com muitas metas e revis\u00f5es por fazer O funcionamento de uma empresa com um produto \u00fanico no mercado e sua distribui\u00e7\u00e3o em \u00e1reas de neg\u00f3cios Muito profissionais Atarefados com o dia a dia e metas Trazer uma nova filosofia para um ambiente ainda n\u00e3o acostumado Compreender o business de cada \u00e1rea e suas metas por se tratar de mercado t\u00e3o \u00fanico. ", " Funcion\u00e1rios e equipes jovens e motivadas, por\u00e9m \u00e9 alto o n\u00edvel de competitividade entre as pessoas, o que faz com que o clima seja levemente agressivo. ", " O dia iniciava com a definicao de plano de visita, mapeamento e prospeccao de novas contas, plano de abordagem, treinamento do produto, inclusao das atividades no CRM. Ambiente com Diretoria e Gerencia muito bom. Agradavel o local de trabalho.  ", " Trabalhando com suporte via telefone recebia muitos incidentes diferentes, com novos problemas a serem solucionados. Um verdadeiro desafio contra o rel\u00f3gio j\u00e1 que trabalhava com base em metas. Todos analistas se ajudavam encaminhando suas documenta\u00e7\u00f5es sobre a solu\u00e7\u00e3o encontrada de novos problemas para todos atrav\u00e9s de e-mail interno. A dire\u00e7\u00e3o atuava de forma correta e estimulava os funcion\u00e1rios com premia\u00e7\u00f5es e gincanas de conhecimentos espec\u00edficos; A parte mais dif\u00edcil do dia, era justamente encontrar a solu\u00e7\u00e3o em tempo h\u00e1bil. A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era a uni\u00e3o entre os analista como um grande time alinhado e focado na qualidade do atendimento. ", " Grande ind\u00e9pendance laiss\u00e9e aux employ\u00e9s qui peuvent prendre de nombreuses inititatives ", " Se aprende mucho en poco tiempo.  Aprend\u00ed administrar los sistemas inform\u00e0ticos, a resolver incid\u00e8ncias del dia a d\u00eda, los compa\u00f1eros explicaban an\u00e8cdotas del mundo laboral. Documentar programas sobre Microsoft y buscar informaci\u00f3n sobre productos. Probar programas. ", " Muito satisfat\u00f3rio, investe no desenvolvimento do professional. ", " Excelente empresa para desarrollar una carrera profesional, muy buena escuela y jefes. Excelentes valores y muy dirigida a compromisos y objetivos.  "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " je faisais une tourn\u00e9e sur les d\u00e9partements 86, 85, 17,18,87,37 , pour la promotion XBOX , pose de PLV , changement de borne ", " Muito satisfat\u00f3rio, investe no desenvolvimento do professional. ", " Otima empresa para desenvolvimento profissional. Colaboradores muito prestativos. ", " Une entreprise ouverte d'esprit, jeune, dynamique, parfaite pour des challengeurs aimant l'esprit d'\u00e9quipe ", " Grande ind\u00e9pendance laiss\u00e9e aux employ\u00e9s qui peuvent prendre de nombreuses inititatives ", " olha ,trabalhar na microsoft ,pra mim eh um privilegio ,as pessoas de la sao otimas ,e os seus chefes tbm ", " Empresa s\u00e9ria e competitiva, mirando apenas resultados e capital. ", " Uma boa Empresa para se trabalhar, segundo dizem que aproveitam bem as pessoas criativas. ", " nota 10  A diretoria de suprimentos da VALE, atrav\u00e9s de sua pol\u00edtica de Gest\u00e3o de Fornecedores e de seu programa denominado IDF \u2013 \u00cdndice de Desempenho do Fornecedor, deu nota m\u00e1xima (=100%) aos servi\u00e7os da BELGE para esta renomada empresa.  Isto ocorreu na \u00faltima avalia\u00e7\u00e3o anual de maio/09 e qualificou a Belge a concorrer na premia\u00e7\u00e3o dos melhores fornecedores do ano, junto ao F\u00f3rum Regional e Nacional da VALE.  A Belge tem prestado os seguintes servi\u00e7os para a VALE:  Projetos de consultoria em simula\u00e7\u00e3o e otimiza\u00e7\u00e3o das: usinas de pelotiza\u00e7\u00e3o; terminais portu\u00e1rios; ferrovias e cadeia log\u00edstica  Fornecimento de licen\u00e7as do software ProModel  Treinamentos diversos nesta categoria e suporte t\u00e9cnico aos seus usu\u00e1rios internos.  Segundo as palavras da VALE, o \u00edndice de 100% significa: \u201cApresentou padr\u00e3o de excel\u00eancia nos requisitos avaliados\u201d. Tal avalia\u00e7\u00e3o considerou diversos aspectos, como: qualidade t\u00e9cnica dos servi\u00e7os; pontualidade e adequa\u00e7\u00e3o aos procedimentos internos da empresa.  Nossas equipes de projetos, suporte t\u00e9cnico e treinamento se regozijam por contribu\u00edrem t\u00e3o positivamente com esta empresa que \u00e9 um \u00edcone em nosso pa\u00eds!! ", " Aprend\u00e9s continuamente. Mucho foco en el desarrollo del capital humano. ", " Muito Bom, empresa e otimo com otimas pessoas. Trabalhei por 4 anos la, e achei super interessante. Pude evoluir muito. ", " Ambiente ovattato e tranquillo, alta possibilit\u00e0 di concentrazione, pause caff\u00e8 interattive con i colleghi, meeting di gruppo, possibilit\u00e0 di formazione individuale e di gruppo, lavoro in open space sempre stimolante con possibilit\u00e0 di scambio reciproco e continuo con i colleghi.  Di nuovo ho imparato che l'arricchimento che ti possono dare i colleghi di lavoro non ha prezzo.  La parte pi\u00f9 difficile era all'interno dell'attivit\u00e0 di gestione della pipeline, il momento in cui  occorreva relazionarsi con i collaboratori esterni, coi quali c'erano scarse possibilit\u00e0 di conoscersi e quindi dispiaceva non avere un affiatamento eccellente come quello coi colleghi che si frequentavano giornalmente.  La parte pi\u00f9 piacevole era il momento del 1 to 1 con il proprio capo: quante incomprensioni e chiarimenti che erano appianati, in un confronto a volte dai toni accesi e sopra le righe, ma che non finiva mai per degenerare, nel pieno rispetto reciproco. ", " ottima palestra per crescere, un buon profilo dinamico e giovane. molto corporation ", " super arbeitgeber hat spa\u00df gemacht alles in allem empfehlenswert ", " crecimiento como persona, excelentes colegas, jefe m\u00e1s no l\u00edder. ", " \u529e\u516c\u73af\u5883\u597d \u5458\u5de5\u7d20\u8d28\u9ad8 \u7ba1\u7406\u9ad8\u6548 \u9700\u6c42\u6e05\u6670\uff0c\u9879\u76ee\u8fed\u4ee3\u5feb \u516c\u53f8\u798f\u5229\u597d \u540c\u4e8b\u5927\u90fd\u5f88\u53cb\u597d \u5728\u8fd9\u91cc\u5de5\u4f5c\u6709\u6210\u5c31\u611f \u53ef\u4ee5\u548c\u4f18\u79c0\u7684\u4eba\u4e00\u8d77\u5171\u4e8b\uff0c\u5b66\u5230\u5f88\u591a\u4e1c\u897f ", " Passionnant de d\u00e9couvrir et travailler sur cet outil collaboratif ", " EFICAZ AMABLE TOLERANTE  ACATAR ORDENES Y RESCATAR INFORMACI\u00d3N CPU MICROSOFT ", " es buen ambiente pero se permite el acoso entre supervisores y operadores ", " empresa din\u00e2mica e diversificada, estruturada, tecnologia de ponta. "], [" its a great place in terms of perks, payment. also you get to see the latest technology and fast paced environment, with the most effective and competent colleagues.  However, the competition is cut-throat, you need to be really quick and competent. career progression is slow. ", " Excelente empresa para trabajar, se preocupan de sus trabajadores, se entregan beneficios y estimulos como bonos, regalos, etc. Ambiente altamente competitivo al ser ventas. ", " Es una compa\u00f1ia que cuenta con un buen ambiente de trabajo, mejores instalaciones de trabajo, Alta Tecnologia en comunicaciones y ambiente libre y divertido trabajando en equipo. ", " Ik waardeerde de flexibiliteit enorm bij Microsoft. Je krijgt je doelen en zie maar hoe je er komt. Dit wil zeggen dat je je eigen tijd kan invullen, op kantoor of thuis. Alle technologieen werden ter beschikking gegeven.  Er was ook binnen het bedrijg plek voor netwerken. Twee koffieshops, goede kantine, kleine shop, fitnessruimte etc maakte het om met plezier naar het werk te gaan.  Nadeel, herstrukturering is niet echt een humaan proces. Willen ze van je af, dan ben je geen individu. Typisch amerikaans. ", " E\u011flenceli bir \u00e7al\u0131\u015fma ortam\u0131, birikimli \u00e7al\u0131\u015fanlardan insan \u00e7ok \u015fey \u00f6\u011frenebilir. "]]