[[" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon has a good work culture and working in such an environment is more fun. Work is hectic sometimes but not pressurising. People are friendly as well. ", " Work's good and exciting but can be taxing on personal life. You always get to work on new ideas and projects that actually impact a lot of customers. ", " Cool place to work, your hard work is appreciated and you are provided with incentives for your performance. Work environment is very good and all your senior's your leads will always be there to help you. ", " The typical day at work is really chilling , you are just given targets and you need to complete that, thats all there is no additional pressure. If you are a  good performer you will be recognized as well. What I learned  is great management skills, about how to handle people, I learned a  lot of people management skills. The training in amazon was the best part. It is a  lovely place  to work as there are weekly fun activities. Its a  great place to work at. However I wish that salary should  be  as good as the company, but unfortunately its not. ", " I have no comments to make on this company. There might have been many changes after i have left this company. Please refer to current employees for any information ", " Amazing place with alot of growth opportunity ahead. Fun involved with an excellent Work Culture. Less Salary but with more Perks. Good management and with great infrastructure for sure ", " All in a all, a great place to work and showcase your skills. Work life balance is little off as everybody around you will be workaholics. But excellent learning experience! ", " Working in Amazon is one of the best experience. Here excitement level is very high comparative to other company. Co- workers are very helpful. No issue of any thing. ", " It's always good to work in big companies i.e. MNC's however, I find Amazon being one of the best company who cares about their employees. It gives ample of time and support to nurture any candidate to make him/her good at work.  We at Amazon also have many fun activities throughout the year and also go for outings with our team quarterly.  I have learned many things in Amazon and the best thing I learned is to be persistent and be obsessed with your work.  The hard part of the job is the shift changes but then we get used to it,  The most enjoyable part of job is the fun activities at work and live interaction with our sellers or vendors and trying our level best to resolve their issues in a timely manner. ", " No life balance, no fun, just stick to your laptops. Things are turned around. lots of biasim. Management is the worst. HRBP is also not that supportive. Nothing new to learn. ", " Great company to work with and to earn with along with fun. I have learned managerial skills in the organization The management is very friendly. The Hardest part of the job is to satisfy each and every customer and to delight them. The most enjoyable part is to interact with the customers ", " its very good to work with amazon and management is also very good. staff is very supported and environment is very good .each member is very supportive ", " Working at Amazon was like spending time at a recreation park. It was fun on all limits at the same time it amended serious work policies that helped employees to work hard and strive to the goal. ", " Difficult to balance work life and personal life no time for self  On weekly off u cant enjoy. Very much politics in every dept. Not Chances of growth in AMAZON.com FC ", " Best e-commerce firm to work with. You will handle the most complex issues and will enjoy solving them with a highly competent peer group. Work life balance could be better but it depends on your role and enthusiasm to learn. ", " Overall it's a good company to work with. However, it's suitable for a very specific kind of folks due to some peculiar processes. So I will recommend folks to surely take an attempt to get inside Amazon. ", " They give you a lot of freedom but also expect you to do the good quality of work.A typical day at work would be very hectic. sometimes I would take over 100 calls a day which is very stressful. But they give you good pay at the end of day which is best part ", " people management handling day to day operation rostering  salary process inventory for operational requirement safety training for on board staff and tracking of shipments. ", " Amazon is one of the best mnc to work. Good work culture and you can enjoy work with fun. Bit of activities in free time as well. Work hard, have fun, make history.. ", " Pros: Best work culture.New things to get learn daily. One of the most customer centric and innovative company to work. Great and open culture which always motivates everyone to perform at their best potential.  Cons: Long working hours specially when you are oncall. Difficult to balance between personal and professional life. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Everything about Amazon was good. Great colleagues, plenty of fun events and the leadership principles exercised were very inspiring. Amazon made me a better person. I worked as an investigator for a year and then moved to training and mentoring roles. I worked hard and had fun. ", " Great company to work with and to earn with along with fun. I have learned managerial skills in the organization The management is very friendly. The Hardest part of the job is to satisfy each and every customer and to delight them. The most enjoyable part is to interact with the customers ", " One of the best place to work. Good and friendly environment at work place. Very good colleagues,team leaders and managers who are very much supportive and always there for you and giving the motivation and encouragement you need at work place. ", " Amazon is an American electronic commerce and cloud computing company. It is the largest Internet-based retailer in the World by total sales and capitalization and also stands at the top of 100 globally-known brands across seven major industries. Amazon was a great place to work as I have great fun along with that I worked hard and make history. ", " High perks and learning environment. Organization gives good salaries to its employees and takes very good care of each and everything. However in spite of every thing heavy workload which impacts personal life but on the other side all this work make us learned a lot. ", " They give you a lot of freedom but also expect you to do the good quality of work.A typical day at work would be very hectic. sometimes I would take over 100 calls a day which is very stressful. But they give you good pay at the end of day which is best part ", " This company has to be one of the most favorable company to work for at least in India. I have recently completed two years with Amazon and I have enjoyed every single day of work. The only reason I would leave this company is if I had to change my career path. ", " Amazon promotes equality among employees even within a dynamic demographic.  A typical day includes day-to-day update meetings, refreshers, fun activities and importantly customer focused work.  The management was keen on bringing out the full potential of the employees and even willing to mentor and nurture an employee in achieving their true potential.  The co-workers were very helpful in achieving the organizational goals without any hesitation and were willing to go the extra mile for the struggling peer by volunteering for a buddy system.  The company stood true to its motto 'Work hard, Have fun, Make History'. ", " I have worked n this organisation for seen months, an organisation where employees are not treated as investment but assets. Amazon is well known for it's work culture and diversity.  This organisation had taught me a lot- team management, communication, client engagement, project management, Excel, etc. ", " Amazon is a fun place to work with. I have learned many things from my first job. I have also gained the convincing power and communication skills. Since it was on a contract basis for 6 months, and after the end of the contract i choose not to continue further and move into the technical field. ", "  \tProvide assistance to the sellers related to uploading the product information on the website via calls and emails.  \tAnswer the queries of the sellers related to registration on the website  \tEducate the sellers regarding the products which require certifications and documents to be uploaded on website. ", " Audit  images on daily basis by checking through our style guides and quality basis.  Images are audited for third party sellers and the images, once the images are approved it reflects directly to the site.  Rejected images get notification to the merchant and unapproved from the site.  Attain and maintain SLA .  Working on reports learned the metrics on online trading.  Working on team basis to achieve the goal.  Enjoyable part of the job is getting appreciation from our managers as top performer , rewards and awards. ", " With its state of the art fulfillment technology, no doubt it will be a pioneer / leader but on the other hand. it offers only a limited possibility to learn and grow in this ecosystem ", " In my 1.5 years of role at Amazon - the only constant that i saw was the senior leadership - which comprises of true blue Seattle-bred Amazonians.  The India culture of Amazon is very different than the original DNA, yet giving a lot of benefits of doubt to the \"dynamic\" market and the heated space of ecom. ", " Amazon goes with this rule where people work hard than they do enjoy and finally the hard work done by them pays off in the form of monthly rewards, appraisal, goodies. It is treat to work in Amazon. ", " No work stress manageable targets.  I learned team work and thinking of new ways to improve process.  Work culture in Amazon Development Centre is best and there is balance in work life.  The hardest part of job I would say is work pressure during peak time. ", " So much to learn and have fun at the same as the Amazon go to line was \"work hard, have fun and make history  Day starts with reviews accounts , make reports  give business solutions to manager  with so many efficient and fun loving people around it was fun to give presentations as even managers were very friendly ", " Amazon is a great company to work with.After I graduated from college , Amazon gave me a great exposure to the corporate culture. I've learnt a lot about the importance of databases. I've always wanted to learn more about it and then I decided and came to the United states for pursuing my masters. ", " Best Place to be in.! I learned how to be patient with all the customers. Management was not quite good. Co-Workers are fun and very cooperative  Hardest part of job was handling 100-260 calls per day. Enjoyable part is free lunch haha ", " i  like to do work and enjoy full with working with u an movement of my lif to give a place to my selfe to do work hard and from my heart warm to to work this job thankyou &amp;  this is one of the the greast place where student can learn something to do in lif and futher in life thankyou "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is one of the best place to work as the working environment is different it's more fun loving environment. Got opportunity to learn how to investigate and find frauds and control the same to make Amazon one of the trusting E-commerce company to shop. ", " A productive and fun workplace. You get to learn a lot in Amazon You work with very smart people who are among the best in the world in what they do The Work/Life balance is really sort of there There is never a dull moment. Filled with challenges Good Pay, Smart Colleagues, Reimbursements ", " Amazon has the E-mail process through which customer queries are taken into consideration and solved as per their queries. Customer queries are related to their products which they have ordered or going to order through Amazon. ", " Work as sr. Technical Support Associate  for 3.4 years. Had great learning. I was not tech savy and had no idea how to troubleshoot the issues faced by customers.   Amazing company to work. Lot of support and proper training to bring expertise in us. ", " I have worked here for 1 year &amp; based on this experience here are my Pros &amp; Cons about the company. You have a lot of things to learn but the systems here are not well organized. ", " I have been working with amazon for past 4 years approx. and would love to continue always here only. Work, management, benifits, Salary and everything are just perfect. amazon has culture like work hard, have fun and make history. ", " Day starts with logging in, checking the performances, talking with the manager, working with cute little breaks to have fun activities to re-energize and working everyday as it's always the first day of work. ", " i was assistant photographer and data manager at amazon.  \tWorked in South India (28 cities) in just 4 months.  \tResponsible for shooting at Market areas.  \tCreated Tvc for Amazon.   \tEnhanced Amazon web through fashion photography ", " I've been through one of the beautiful lessons of my life working for both the organizations and I've learnt lot of skills while handling my customers and its really good phrase which encourages me all the time Working hard while having real Organized fun which makes everyone Happy and making the history of Real Happiness and I get more productive work done by me while i was working in a typical day and Use to manage my time by making sure i interact with everyone working in the organization and there is no hardest part while working with your team in the process of making the team stronger while building the best client relations and I'm so happy when I make my clients Happy :) ", " As I've stated previously that it is a great wok experience and a fun work place for all the amazonian. We enjoyed working each and every moment and we feel that if we work obsessively then the sky will only be the limit. ", " amazon is a very excellent company to learn and accomplish new skills from the huge talent pool they have.  the work culture is amazing and friendly. everyday there is something new to learn. fun loving people and creative people to meet. ", " Difficult to balance work life and personal life no time for self  On weekly off u cant enjoy. Very much politics in every dept. Not Chances of growth in AMAZON.com FC ", " The articles to be submitted came with a deadline but the work was very lenient. I had the time and opportunity to work at my own pace and submit the write ups on time. I absolutely loved the flexible work schedule and work from home was also a huge plus ", " Best e-commerce firm to work with. You will handle the most complex issues and will enjoy solving them with a highly competent peer group. Work life balance could be better but it depends on your role and enthusiasm to learn. ", " Working in amazon its just awesome place. many thing to learn. i get lots of international work experience out there. and many up to date Technic to use there. Management is supporting and grow you well. ", " Working at Amazon is like a dream for many which happened to me. It is an excellent place to grooms for freshers and to build our communication skills. Amazon is place which teaches the employees the knowledge of client and customer management in depth.  The reason I moved from Amazon is the profile which I worked was less challenging. Otherwise the company is a dream to work for. ", " Amazon is a service and customer satisfaction oriented company. I had a great opportunity understanding the importance of customer service and satisfaction of the same. My colleagues were very friendly and helped me a lot especially during the transition from induction to OJT (on the job training) phase. Leads and Supervisors were very helpful, motivating and also provided me with great inputs and guidance during my entire period of employment at Amazon. Amazon had a great work culture and even at the toughest of the challenges during the job, there was adequate support by the leads which made my life easier at Amazon. The best part of Amazon is work culture and a great professional integrity. ", " Amazon as a company has a great work culture. You meet people in various age groups and can learn many things from them. As Amazon was my first job I learnt many things like taking ownership of tasks, looking into every issue that came along and rectifying it as soon as possible. The people working there are easily approachable and they have an open door policy. Where you can go and meet anyone in the system even if they are at a higher level than you are.  This way we don't only learn from our peers but also the senior management. ", " Everyday, I learned a new thing at work. The team helped with every doubt I asked them. Management was also quite good. The most enjoyable part was I had to figure out myself what to do if I got stuck in some problem. I had to brainstorm frequently for solving a problem. The problems were also quite challenging ", " Fun workplace with a lot to learn and build yourself up professionally as well as a person. you learn a lot about management skills as well as team building. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This was my first ever job and I had learnt a lot in it. I went through many different positions in a span of 17 months which I believe no other company can provide. I would love to work for Amazon in the future if I get a chance. ", " Only One thing i want to share while making any employee permanent after probation time or after contract time kindly recheck the employee performance throughly and take decision not on anybody unnecessary unwanted feedback which even cannot be discussed.  My teamleader if would have helped me properly definately i got permanent in company he ignored in last days thats what i told in upper.  Its totally the team leader and manager who decides your future and they should be honest with themselfes. ", " Amazing place with alot of growth opportunity ahead. Fun involved with an excellent Work Culture. Less Salary but with more Perks. Good management and with great infrastructure for sure ", " good growth amazing work culture entertainment rooms job security Increase in knowledge and self development Transparency in management Internal job transfer oppurtunities ", " Cool place to work, your hard work is appreciated and you are provided with incentives for your performance. Work environment is very good and all your senior's your leads will always be there to help you. ", " I do not want to return to Amazon, targeting manager and it is not a peaceful workplace to work. There is employee benefits but when a employee is not happy working in a place, what is the use of benefits. ", " A perfect platform for all the freshers to move on towards a bright future work atmosphere perfectly balanced no workload and customer focused company and employee satisfaction is the foremost priority of the management. ", " People are friendly and work life is fun.   I have learnt a lot. Improved my communication skills, people skills and problem solving skills.  The management is open. You can walk up to the site lead and have a conversation at any point in time. ", " i learned here so many things now i am at ps post here and i am not satisfy with the salary for this post. the management of this is awesome but in some situation is not good otherwise overall management is good here . ", " Amazon gives you the opportunity to deliver results within a very short span of time. The organisation also allows you to own the project as a whole. ", " Very nice place to work with good salary. Office is great. nice place to work. office staff is decent and helpful. They help us when we face problems in the work place. cafeteria is awesome with indoor games. ", " My typical work day in Amazon would be to welcome a New hires and delegate my knowledge to the bunch of folks who would eventually become the process masters.  My role includes people management and collaboration of data to make the concepts simple.   I was a subject matter expertise in the Risk module and have done a lot of investigations to prevent fraudulent activities on eCommerce platform ", " Excellent place to start up and learn new things.  Very big in terms of business investment and revenues are very good.   However were aggressive market player and tend to miss analyzing future market risk completely. ", " 1. Brainstorming in teams sitting around in a calm environment 2. Autonomy given to all employees 3. Excellent work life balance. 4. Managers are very open to everyone's ideas ", " Good Management and nice place to work and less work pressure  Good career growth  and pleasant work atmosphere  and good work locations and good work space to work it is good work in such a wonderful company ", " I have learnt many interesting things as I am new to the corporate world. Good working atmosphere and its a friendly one.I have got many suggestions from the management and the team members.I was very glad to work with the senior most engineers. ", " - Responsible for Catalog enrichment and Quality across multiple categories in the Organisation.  - Launced Categories like Small home appliances and Camera Catalog single handedly during Category launch. ", " Good challenging work Get to learn new technologies  People treat you as slaves Work pressure Management needs proper improvement in terms of growing a person's career ", " Overall a good company..in start you will have not enough time to spare but after some you will able to manage your personal and professional life. Great working environment. ", " My starts with checking of all AV equipments. learnt  lot of things from Amazon.com. Its a joyfull place where we work have fun &amp; learn more things, Our users are like very  friendly and we learn many things from them. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon has provided me with a vast platform where I was able to learn and improve lot of skills. The organization has provided me with many great opportunities where I could showcase my skills to the best of my ability. The fast paced, challenging and fun environment always demands the best of an employee. ", " Easy work culture with open window system no restrictions with dress good co employes and managers and individual will be awarded for his ability not just for tenure. ", " Everyday is always day 1 at amazon because there is always something new to learn everyday we come up with new challenges to work with and new scenarios. The work environment and work culture is really good there ", " The work culture of Amazon is very good. Employees are taken care of and benefits are good. The productivity and quality standards are high and is a good place to launch your career. ", " Lovely people. Fun place. No work pressure. Overtime when needed. Managers and leads are cool. Sodexos every month worth 11,00. Fun activities every week. Post peak party every year. Too much fun. ", " Amazon is a good mixture of hard work and fun at the same time. The culture is very positive and plenty of opportunities to grow. New ideas are encouraged and implemented. ", " Overall it's a good company to work with. However, it's suitable for a very specific kind of folks due to some peculiar processes. So I will recommend folks to surely take an attempt to get inside Amazon. ", " It was an amazing experience working with Amazon as a customer associate for North America as the people interaction is beyond comparison.   Also the experience with PIIT institute was amazing as my role was of a faculty in the institute. Hence people communication skills was been developed there a lot. ", " Amazon is a most wonderful work place where you find different set of people with different culture and the work life here is too good. A company with no restrictions and is very secure place to work on. The job roles provided in amazon is quite unique and gives more exposure to each aspect and have educated myself with unknown things and got a chance to explore with ideas and build the career. the management is quite supportive and provides a lot of opportunities to explore themselves and have a fruitful growth. The most enjoyable part all are treated equally and no one biased and working in amazon is a dream and is too calming and awesome place start up your career. ", " It's been many years since I worked in Amazon Hyderabad. One of my first employers. Taught me a lot of things - Work ethics, Punctuality and a lot of other things. One of the best organizations out there. ", " The workplace and culture are definitely cool but, salaries are just plain okay. Sales customer associate have the hardest job, if you are not in a least bit interested in it ", " Working at Amazon has always been amazing, I have been learning new things every day from the day one that I have joined the organization.  The management functions very efficiently and helps you understand the work, culture and also encourages in every other activities very enthusiastically.  There is very good bonding between each and every associate, every associate gives immense support and help when required.  Work has always been a part of joy more than the monotonous work, so much to learn and explore, every day tasks and also new statistics and targets were very encouraging. ", " Data-oriented, friendly, hardworking, tech-savvy colleagues and managers.  Can learn a lot, personal and professional development, open policies  Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History ", " As I feel that I think that amazon is good place for freshers but not for experienced person.I feel really secure and happy there but as we know where the advantages end the disadvantages begins salary is not really good. ", " *Everyday New Challenges *Keeping Constant Performance *Best Management *Maintaining Constant Performance is quite hard but if you are able to maintain it, you can make your life simpler ", " The span of my work at Amazon.com was so picture perfect that I do not have a single memory of a bad day at work. The floor was always lively and encouraging to help you deliver the best of what you can. ", " Good work culture, good peer , no dress code , fun to work . Good overtime wages , good night shift allowance . Managers on the floor are employee friendly. ", " Entire year was filled with great learning and exposure with global teams Fast paced action oriented Opportunity to work with the best minds in the country ", " I feel every day new at Amazon. Learnt lot of skills and gained good experience. Its like vacation everyday. The most enjoyable part is having fun with peers and working along playing. ", " nice work enverment get to learn a lot in Amazon One of the best things about working at Amazon is the opportunity to work on really difficult problems alongside really smart people First is correcting the perception that there is no work/life balance "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Workplace culture is good. Personal life and work life can be managed in an appropriate way.Benefits were provided such as lunch coupons, cab facilities for commute. ", " great atmosphere and great working culture.No stress of work.Good transport facility.The managers and team leaders were friendly and supportive.Team was co-operative. ", " i  like to do work and enjoy full with working with u an movement of my lif to give a place to my selfe to do work hard and from my heart warm to to work this job thankyou &amp;  this is one of the the greast place where student can learn something to do in lif and futher in life thankyou ", " Amazon is a great place to work had learnt a lot from amazon about time management and how a mnc functions    The Amazon.in marketplace is operated by Amazon Seller Services Private Ltd, an affiliate of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN). Amazon.in seeks to build the most customer-centric online destination for customers to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy online by giving them more of what they want \u2013 vast selection, low prices, fast and reliable delivery, and a trusted and convenient experience; and provide sellers with a world-class e-commerce platform.  All Consumers on Amazon.in and the Amazon Mobile Shopping App for Android and iOS have an easy and convenient access to 80 million products across hundreds of categories. They benefit from a safe and secure ordering experience, convenient electronic payments, Cash on Delivery, Amazon\u2019s 24x7 customer service support, and a globally recognized and comprehensive 100% purchase protection provided by Amazon\u2019s A-to-Z Guarantee. They can also enjoy Amazon.in\u2019s guaranteed next-day, two day delivery, Sunday and Morning delivery on products fulfilled by Amazon. ", " Amazon is a really great place to work and I have learned a lot as a fresher here as this is my first job. It is growing rapidly in India and I am truly proud to be a part of this company. ", " Data-oriented, friendly, hardworking, tech-savvy colleagues and managers.  Can learn a lot, personal and professional development, open policies  Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History ", " Easy work culture with open window system no restrictions with dress good co employes and managers and individual will be awarded for his ability not just for tenure. ", " good security for female employees and good management, good team mates,and there used to provide free transportation for the female employees.and also good food. ", " I enjoyed doing overtime in Amazon. The company pays a lot to employees who are willing to give their best. I have learned management skills, communication skills and critical thinking in my job. ", " * A supportive management, * Supportive colleagues, * Fun surroundings, * Comfortable workplace. * Learned more about the work surroundings, work process. ", " Amazon has a great culture and I learnt a lot about the corporate culture.The following were the best thing at Amazon: .challenging role .Targets  .Team work . ", " We, Quality Associates had a great time working together as a team by using our personal skills to complete our given job daily. Most of the days were typical days with new updates,very challenging and was never boring. this was a short time of work experience to me and I enjoyed working with my team and my Manager a lot. Management was very supportive. ", " Amazon has an amazing work-culture and is a wonderful place to grow professionally. It focuses on customer satisfaction which speaks a lot about the company's values and goals. ", " The workplace and culture are definitely cool but, salaries are just plain okay. Sales customer associate have the hardest job, if you are not in a least bit interested in it ", " Every minute at Amazon was awesome. There is work, fun &amp; learning process too. Like the logo says \" WORK HARD, HAVE FUN, MAKE HISTORY\" suits perfectly. Would love to join the same company if given a chance. ", " good place to work learned how to be individual good management No - worklife balance good working environment achieving targets more like a consulting firm ", " Best Place to be in.! I learned how to be patient with all the customers. Management was not quite good. Co-Workers are fun and very cooperative  Hardest part of job was handling 100-260 calls per day. Enjoyable part is free lunch haha ", " Amazon.com is a US based company. I work for chat process where we need to handle queries regarding the product missing,damage,lost etc. Incentive offerd. ", " Too good work culture and lot of opportunity to learn new things for the mutual development of company and myself. Learnt ownership, team work, deep dive, troubleshooting errors, handling escalations, training process, process improvement and automation. Management is very good and coworkers are friendly and helpful. ", " Company is very good. Workculture is very good. I worked with amazon for 3 year as a IT support engineer. Company provides lots of benefit like healt benefit. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " nice work enverment get to learn a lot in Amazon One of the best things about working at Amazon is the opportunity to work on really difficult problems alongside really smart people First is correcting the perception that there is no work/life balance ", " Amazon is a good mixture of hard work and fun at the same time. The culture is very positive and plenty of opportunities to grow. New ideas are encouraged and implemented. ", " I always had this misconception about the western companies, but believe me it will change your view if you work for one. How to solve a problem? how to face situation? how can you learn top class tools? last but not the least How to make friends from other side of the world. You will learn all those stuff if you work in big shot companies. ", " Opportunities to explore beyond the call of duty.A structured career path and a clear hierarchy pattern. Employee treated as equal as customers. ", " Work hard, Have fun, Make History... the best place to work, very friendly and the leaders are the best, the place where you'll find working at home with your family. ", " Amazon is a great company to work with.After I graduated from college , Amazon gave me a great exposure to the corporate culture. I've learnt a lot about the importance of databases. I've always wanted to learn more about it and then I decided and came to the United states for pursuing my masters. ", " Everyday is always day 1 at amazon because there is always something new to learn everyday we come up with new challenges to work with and new scenarios. The work environment and work culture is really good there ", " Free work culture but management is extremely biased and doesn't are about the employees. Leaves are not granted even after being applied a month in advance. ", " management is too strong,there us no holidays,salaries are not up to date,insufficient salaries,working hours are heeavy.there is no job satisfication. ", " fun place cool workplace.supportive managers.good management .good work culture .cooperative colleagues.flexible timings ", " I had my share of professional customer service experience with Amazon.com. Employees are treated well and there is constant motivation to work hard, make history and have fun. ", " good job n salary all facalities got exp of e commerce  online business i was delivery boy at starting got promossion as  process assiocate ", " Good environment but lack of management in the office and also learn challenges at peak times co workers were very friendly and helpful and the hardest part of work is no fixed time period of job. ", "  \tProvide assistance to the sellers related to uploading the product information on the website via calls and emails.  \tAnswer the queries of the sellers related to registration on the website  \tEducate the sellers regarding the products which require certifications and documents to be uploaded on website. ", " The best place i have ever worked, missed this company all the time, Managers are like friends. There is no feeling of boredom, every moment spent is worth. I am looking for a company like this where I can continue my career again ", " Excellent place to start up and learn new things.  Very big in terms of business investment and revenues are very good.   However were aggressive market player and tend to miss analyzing future market risk completely. ", " Everyday, I learned a new thing at work. The team helped with every doubt I asked them. Management was also quite good. The most enjoyable part was I had to figure out myself what to do if I got stuck in some problem. I had to brainstorm frequently for solving a problem. The problems were also quite challenging ", " Good learning opportunities Friendly work culture Long working hours Lot of internal training and skill development programs Flexibility in terms of work location ", " amazon is a very excellent company to learn and accomplish new skills from the huge talent pool they have.  the work culture is amazing and friendly. everyday there is something new to learn. fun loving people and creative people to meet. ", " Amazon has an amazing work-culture and is a wonderful place to grow professionally. It focuses on customer satisfaction which speaks a lot about the company's values and goals. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " best work culture monotonous job biased managers fully occupied with work co workers partiality yet I enjoyed the work culture slow growth in career.. ", " Best place to start corporate Good training Work hard  Have fun  Make history Good work culture  Supportive managers  Awesome management ", " Learned how to manage time efficiently. Healthy working environment The motto of the company really works here\"Have fun,Work Hard,Make history. Fun at work makes us to work without stress ", " Typical day at work would be a lot of fun and ease with less stress and people are very interactive and help you in the place where there are confusions /whenever required.  Great management. ", " Its a great place to work and one can learn many things about.. leadership is amazing and they live by their motto. Amazon follows work hard, have fun and make history ", " Work hard, Have fun, Make History... the best place to work, very friendly and the leaders are the best, the place where you'll find working at home with your family. ", " the salary they provide as a fresher and other benefits like cab facility, cab reimbursement and sodexo are really good comparatively with other companies. ", " It\"s amageing work place and self directed job It\"s moment of lo prise every one prouid every thing  It\"s grate management I will work heard ", " it was fun working with amazon,as there is no work pressure and the people are amazing. the work culture makes you feel comfortable with your work ", " This job is very good. No salary problem,  they also provide over time. And properly grooming &amp; discipline mentioned must be.  Ok that's it thanks ", " Work with Fun because if our Mind is Happy, then give our best results in job. I don't believe in keeping Pressure in Mind, Because pressure is the growth and creating Mind Problems.... That's Why I'm Believing If our Mind is happy Then We'll give you our best Job ", " It is a good company but with no job security. Amazon makes more investment on employees for making them comfortable. They provide the best training for the employees. Company provides a friendly culture to employees. ", " Cherishing days, lived upto the expectation. I enjoyed working here and so do everyone who come here pursuing their career. ", " I had my share of professional customer service experience with Amazon.com. Employees are treated well and there is constant motivation to work hard, make history and have fun. ", " An exceptional place to work, Amazon includes a pool of talented individual who drive and share enthusiasm and inspiration to  co-workers. A highly energetic workplace. ", " It was really fun dealing with different customers. It always kept me on my feet. Had to make lot of executive decisions. ", " this company profile is very good .i got it many future conditional culture programs.this company 5s very good .&amp; safty very importent in this company . ", " Its a great place to work. Working atmosphere is very cool, friendly.  Salary is awesome, as well as earning with over time and other facilities are given. ", " It was overall good learning experience.You are surrounded by people who want to bring change and make people life simpler. ", " If you are keen to learn then company will provide you ample opportunities to learn and explore.  Co ordination with different team and members Team handling and people management To align your ideas and suggestions with Leadership Principles "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I had a wonderful time working at amazon during my 5 months where I had an opportunity to work with different people and learn various skills during this phase. My work at amazon is to assist the customers with their queries and help resolve them as soon as possible. I resolved the customer's queries through emails. I also had an opportunity to lead a team of 7 people during my period there which I feel was very valuable. ", " learned to managed the time and hard working spirit with new customers specialisation in communication skills with new peoples ", " Rating system is very poor. Behaviour of my HOD is unbearable. Management is very poor. Loading &amp; Unloading trucks. Payment are not playable at right time. ", " I really had a very great experience at Amazon, the work culture was  very awesome.I worked as a chat executive answering the customer questions and promoting amazon. ", " It's a fun filled environment, but the work is obviously hard. I've learned a lot from the organisation, as to how to communicate with different people, balance the work life. ", " I've been through one of the beautiful lessons of my life working for both the organizations and I've learnt lot of skills while handling my customers and its really good phrase which encourages me all the time Working hard while having real Organized fun which makes everyone Happy and making the history of Real Happiness and I get more productive work done by me while i was working in a typical day and Use to manage my time by making sure i interact with everyone working in the organization and there is no hardest part while working with your team in the process of making the team stronger while building the best client relations and I'm so happy when I make my clients Happy :) ", " Very good company to work with. Learned management and leadership skills. Awesome work environment. Hardest part of the job was solving complicated cases. Enjoyable part was playing music on floor while working. ", " I always had this misconception about the western companies, but believe me it will change your view if you work for one. How to solve a problem? how to face situation? how can you learn top class tools? last but not the least How to make friends from other side of the world. You will learn all those stuff if you work in big shot companies. ", " Work hard have fun and make history the make sure that the tag line was maintained correctly,  as there was so much scope for proving ability ", " That was my first job in delivery  logistics. I don't know how to do that. But they gave training to do so. Management was very good there. Staff was very supportive  helping  me out every situation.  But the only thing I don't like was the contract basis job  this was. ", " It is fun to work with Amazon. Only Management is little issue.Overall amazing place and culture. Good Opportunity to start with your career. ", " Amazon is a place where one gets to learn a lot. One has to be prepared to work long hours, willing to learn new things every day. The company holds true to its clarion call,every day is Day1. An exciting workplace. ", " Amazon.com has provided me platform to start off my career and helped me learning all the process starting from accounts payables to procurement. ", " Amazon is a fun place to work. It has an amazing work ethic and job culture. Best place for a fresher to start. Learned a lot as an inter at amazon. ", " One of the best place to work. Good and friendly environment at work place. Very good colleagues,team leaders and managers who are very much supportive and always there for you and giving the motivation and encouragement you need at work place. ", " Its good,its ok, but its  my 1st job, so no commitment about it, because on that time of recession and they provide me job with less salary but so much thankful they provide me job, I know there is long working hour but I am happy there. ", " I am able to work in anywhere in world and I accept my salary package liable to my talent not less than and not more than................................. ", " Everything about Amazon was good. Great colleagues, plenty of fun events and the leadership principles exercised were very inspiring. Amazon made me a better person. I worked as an investigator for a year and then moved to training and mentoring roles. I worked hard and had fun. ", " Audit  images on daily basis by checking through our style guides and quality basis.  Images are audited for third party sellers and the images, once the images are approved it reflects directly to the site.  Rejected images get notification to the merchant and unapproved from the site.  Attain and maintain SLA .  Working on reports learned the metrics on online trading.  Working on team basis to achieve the goal.  Enjoyable part of the job is getting appreciation from our managers as top performer , rewards and awards. ", " Extremely good work environment with a perfect balance of work and fun. Immense growth opportunity. Learning opportunity with different people from different cultures and places from the world. Best part is there is no partiality in terms of growth and learning. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Working environment is so pleasant and u will enjoy your work.You can meet different people and can learn a lot from each and every one. Totally nice place to work.. ", " Its a great place to work. Working atmosphere is very cool, friendly.  Salary is awesome, as well as earning with over time and other facilities are given. ", " 1. Happy journey 2. Its my turning part of my life 3. Very good job culture  4. Every quarter outing. 5. Very friendly co-workers 6. Management training are happens ", " I loved my job. Unfortunately it was not related to my field of education. I would've continued working if it wasn't for my PG Degree. ", " Amazon is a good place to work for.But dedication in terms of handling of volume of work(which requires more time) has been the case in my case than anything related to quality ", " Amazing working atmosphere, friendy ...attractive package.really likesd the energy here.freshers with good communication and positive attitude can work here with ease ", " i learned here so many things now i am at ps post here and i am not satisfy with the salary for this post. the management of this is awesome but in some situation is not good otherwise overall management is good here . ", " i like this company at working please give me one opprtunity. a typical day at work managment part of the job the most enjoyable job. ", " Overall work experience with Amazon.com was pretty good, the work culture and friendly behavior of high level management is really a motivational aspect. ", " Good place to work and have fun.  One of the best organization in the world, takes care of its employees. Raise every 6 months, nice work schedule and guaranteed overtime. You get benefits the day you are hired. ", " Very good condition for working here. Most enjoyable thing is that there is always a team and u don't have to worry all time ", " Audit  images on daily basis by checking through our style guides and quality basis.  Images are audited for third party sellers and the images, once the images are approved it reflects directly to the site.  Rejected images get notification to the merchant and unapproved from the site.  Attain and maintain SLA .  Working on reports learned the metrics on online trading.  Working on team basis to achieve the goal.  Enjoyable part of the job is getting appreciation from our managers as top performer , rewards and awards. ", " Amazon.com has provided me platform to start off my career and helped me learning all the process starting from accounts payables to procurement. ", " nice work enverment get to learn a lot in Amazon One of the best things about working at Amazon is the opportunity to work on really difficult problems alongside really smart people First is correcting the perception that there is no work/life balance ", " Everyday, I learned a new thing at work. The team helped with every doubt I asked them. Management was also quite good. The most enjoyable part was I had to figure out myself what to do if I got stuck in some problem. I had to brainstorm frequently for solving a problem. The problems were also quite challenging ", " Good work place for a fresher, good pay, well organized schedule, good management, good on floor assistance by the supervisors and team leads ", " The best place i have ever worked, missed this company all the time, Managers are like friends. There is no feeling of boredom, every moment spent is worth. I am looking for a company like this where I can continue my career again ", " Very good company to work with. Learned management and leadership skills. Awesome work environment. Hardest part of the job was solving complicated cases. Enjoyable part was playing music on floor while working. ", " Amazon is a place where one gets to learn a lot. One has to be prepared to work long hours, willing to learn new things every day. The company holds true to its clarion call,every day is Day1. An exciting workplace. ", " Awesome work experience I gain, Every day I get to learn new things. Friendly environment, with little pressure which is also manageable. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon.com has provided me platform to start off my career and helped me learning all the process starting from accounts payables to procurement. ", " It was really fun dealing with different customers. It always kept me on my feet. Had to make lot of executive decisions. ", " Cherishing days, lived upto the expectation. I enjoyed working here and so do everyone who come here pursuing their career. ", " Its one of the best organization in my career, and wright place to learn a lot and its fun filled place. I have learnt how the E-commerce should run and the tree structure of an organization worked has a best team to make highest success on the hardest days. ", " i work as transaction risk investigator for amazon. de, this  one the finest companies to work for, fun to work environment. ", " Good culture and nice motivational people with you to support you and guide you. Performance not goes un-noticed. Work Hard, Play Hard, Make History..!! ", " It must provide more job opportunities for fresher's because working in amazon is really a big dream for many people the reason behind is,it provides good service to customer and Customer friendly. ", " It was good to start my career at Amazon.com. The workplace was good with different culture.  There wasn't much work pressure except on the peak time.  We had a lot of events to encourage the employees.  We had a lot of tours done without intervening on the work. ", " Awesome work experience I gain, Every day I get to learn new things. Friendly environment, with little pressure which is also manageable. ", " Any thing job accountant job clerk Jaipur rajasthan and I like this company please one change and good carrier this company and I tally with company knowledge ", " Amazon is a place where one gets to learn a lot. One has to be prepared to work long hours, willing to learn new things every day. The company holds true to its clarion call,every day is Day1. An exciting workplace. ", " I was really a nice time at my workplace. I was the top performer in my department and the only thing which I did not like about the company is that they hire employees for short time only like for 3 to 4 months. No one can join again once you are fired without any reason. Future is not safe in Amazon Company of anyone. ", " 1. Happy journey 2. Its my turning part of my life 3. Very good job culture  4. Every quarter outing. 5. Very friendly co-workers 6. Management training are happens ", " Extremely good work environment with a perfect balance of work and fun. Immense growth opportunity. Learning opportunity with different people from different cultures and places from the world. Best part is there is no partiality in terms of growth and learning. ", " The Amazing Amazonian way is the motto of the company.   You dont feel that you are workin there . Its all only play and play  It was a unforgetfull experience ", " The best part was availability of transportation . The timings were quite good and feasible the work environment was amazing ", " fun place cool workplace.supportive managers.good management .good work culture .cooperative colleagues.flexible timings ", " Amazing working atmosphere, friendy ...attractive package.really likesd the energy here.freshers with good communication and positive attitude can work here with ease ", " Overall work experience with Amazon.com was pretty good, the work culture and friendly behavior of high level management is really a motivational aspect. ", " actually, i worked in home in part time job.my review is 95%  good, my review is very perfectwhen doing the work, i am very satisfaction about that. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The company is growing but the growth rate is not so high and the policy of the company is not so good for the employee.................................................... ", " Work culture of the organization is great. Company provides great exposure to all its employees. Co workers are great to work with.  Company has good employee relationship program. Great benefits ", " Work space is really good,have learned many new designing concepts and the way to lead a team, we have a friendly management and co-workers with good helping mentality. Our team is really hard working, will finish all the work before deadline at the same time enjoyable group. ", " Imaging Team !! , A team which is loaded with designers and creative Minds. the team is extremely talented and are very helpful for the beginers. A perfect place to work and to get trained to achieve your goals in a specific limited time. ", " Its a great place to work. Working atmosphere is very cool, friendly.  Salary is awesome, as well as earning with over time and other facilities are given. ", " A typical day is manageable and I have learned to work under stress. Management is not well organized at Amazon. The hardest part of the job is you only have limited access ans meeting your targets was challenging at times. ", " Joined here after my undergrad. Great work place environment and got to learn something new every day. And also you can get your steam off with some ping pong and xbox!! ", " learned to managed the time and hard working spirit with new customers specialisation in communication skills with new peoples ", " Working environment is so pleasant and u will enjoy your work.You can meet different people and can learn a lot from each and every one. Totally nice place to work.. ", " Working with one of the top retailer with good work culture.  Daily works consists of daily reporting, work allocation and daily activities. ", " I loved my job. Unfortunately it was not related to my field of education. I would've continued working if it wasn't for my PG Degree. ", " Amazon is a great place to work had learnt a lot from amazon about time management and how a mnc functions    The Amazon.in marketplace is operated by Amazon Seller Services Private Ltd, an affiliate of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN). Amazon.in seeks to build the most customer-centric online destination for customers to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy online by giving them more of what they want \u2013 vast selection, low prices, fast and reliable delivery, and a trusted and convenient experience; and provide sellers with a world-class e-commerce platform.  All Consumers on Amazon.in and the Amazon Mobile Shopping App for Android and iOS have an easy and convenient access to 80 million products across hundreds of categories. They benefit from a safe and secure ordering experience, convenient electronic payments, Cash on Delivery, Amazon\u2019s 24x7 customer service support, and a globally recognized and comprehensive 100% purchase protection provided by Amazon\u2019s A-to-Z Guarantee. They can also enjoy Amazon.in\u2019s guaranteed next-day, two day delivery, Sunday and Morning delivery on products fulfilled by Amazon. ", " Productive and good workplace, good career opportunities to start your career with. The management is always supportive Co-workers are helpful and productive ", " Good  nicejob and expected one  i need a highest post i need a job like in amazon  i like to work in amazon   achievement .............................. ", " Amazon is a place where we get opportunity to learn on new skills, communication skills and interact with customers directly to resolve their problems efficiently. The way of approach towards customer is very friendly. Productive and fun at work place. ", " No pressure and has a relaxed work atmosphere. Growth depends on one's individual interests. Overtime is mandatory during peak seasons. Work hard. Have fun. Make history. ", " Good and nce salary but it is so far away for me and unable to come in timmings and we doesnot get any knowledge and no use it is like an part and time job ", " I am a very hard working on my company.  So  I need this job . Plz help me us to l need this job. And I am very hard working this job ..plz ", " Everyday at work would be awesome . Learnt various leadership skills and activities , management skills. Coworkers are always the best. Had the best team ever. Launch phase was too challenging but succesful. whle of one year was succesful. ", " more  hard working  good management very good and faith co-workers travelling around the city as a sales boy more freedom    i want to do my core job thats why iam leaving this job "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Working with Amazon till date is so good but I like to explore more on My Job roll with new companies as an individual contributor. company. ", " work culture is really nice i am glade i was part of my previous company. It will a great opportunity ill get a chance cross the path again. Great place to work. ", " Project based scenario. A good starting point for engineers who need to understand business and client requirements. I enjoyed the learning and the huge network base at Wipro ", " Working at Amazon has always been amazing, I have been learning new things every day from the day one that I have joined the organization.  The management functions very efficiently and helps you understand the work, culture and also encourages in every other activities very enthusiastically.  There is very good bonding between each and every associate, every associate gives immense support and help when required.  Work has always been a part of joy more than the monotonous work, so much to learn and explore, every day tasks and also new statistics and targets were very encouraging. ", " Its amazes me sometimes thinking about amazon.   i have experienced so much good in that company , it was so good working in amazon.   It pays us good as well as they give us work.   U have good break timing to relax youself.   No dress code. we feel very comfortable to work in any shift timings there , Its a good company ", " All festival are celebrating and all workers birthday celebrating by management with birthday boy. Peak time is very hardworking for company management and worker's. ", " Amazon was best place to work. I had a wonderful time and some of my best memories is from Amazon, had wonderful teammate and got some best friends from amazon. ", " It was good to start my career at Amazon.com. The workplace was good with different culture.  There wasn't much work pressure except on the peak time.  We had a lot of events to encourage the employees.  We had a lot of tours done without intervening on the work. ", " recommendable, good company, nice culture, pay is good. learning, timings are good, good growth, hierarchy is good, facilities are nice. ", " Amazon is best sales company present in our market.i think giving best salary in that company.and I wood  like to sales in Amazon company.i will do any job in your company ", " The work culture at amazon is amazing. Great time in learning things and achieving heights. Good company to work especially to freshers having a greater experience. ", " i want to join in a good package in good company amazon is a good company but i want to change my company because of + salary so i am looking a good job ", " good management of the staff.. i loved to worked their .. but i need more efficient job for my future thats why i am searching for a new job........... ", " No pressure and has a relaxed work atmosphere. Growth depends on one's individual interests. Overtime is mandatory during peak seasons. Work hard. Have fun. Make history. ", " Its one of the best organization in my career, and wright place to learn a lot and its fun filled place. I have learnt how the E-commerce should run and the tree structure of an organization worked has a best team to make highest success on the hardest days. ", " Like the tagline, Amazon is fulfilled place. You need deep dive a lot. If you love to explore things, then Amazon is the wright place, Peaceful environment. ", " The work culture at amazon was awesome. It was fun and productive at the same time. I learned alot of things as it was my first work place so its really special for me i could not even have imagine i would get such a good company as my first work place. the whole management was very helpful.I miss the work place. ", " This is a nice place to work with nice and learning environment. Management is supporting and they really take care of the employees in a very nice way. ", " Amazon is an awesome place to work. Independent thinking. Good work culture Hardworking Fun at work place I have never felt the work pressure because of its work culture ", " Amazon is the best place that I have ever seen. The best work ethics and learning experience.  One of the best things that I liked about Amazon is that it allows everyone to wear any kind of clothing which always gave an advantage that all agents were comfortable and felt confident in working with or without a team.  The next best thing was the flat hierarchy that allowed any agent to approach higher authority to correct anything that needs to fixed at priority.  Environment is always joyful that reduces stress.  The best challenge was to keep up with the new updates and expanding knowledge base. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Productive and fun place to work. There is vast growth opportunities in this company. You always get motivated by your supervisors and your managers. ", " Good environment but lack of management in the office and also learn challenges at peak times co workers were very friendly and helpful and the hardest part of work is no fixed time period of job. ", " best work culture monotonous job biased managers fully occupied with work co workers partiality yet I enjoyed the work culture slow growth in career.. ", " Amazon is first number company  This company is multi national company   hard work have fun and make the history  amazon is very good  management  is good  all is well ", " Everyday at work would be awesome . Learnt various leadership skills and activities , management skills. Coworkers are always the best. Had the best team ever. Launch phase was too challenging but succesful. whle of one year was succesful. ", " Extremely good work environment with a perfect balance of work and fun. Immense growth opportunity. Learning opportunity with different people from different cultures and places from the world. Best part is there is no partiality in terms of growth and learning. ", " Amazon's culture is the best way to the right place for you and your team and I will be able to get the best Wayne Rooney and a half years of age and the family 21st, but the only way we 3rd party in the morning 21st of the most of my favourite stores now I ", " Learned many new things while working with different team members of HR services.while working with other HR team members got to know what all different stuffs we have in our work environment. ", " Amazon cultural is fantastic. It has friendly work place. No sir mam cultural. Growth is rapid. Management is just unbelievable. Facilities are also good. ", " salary and benefits are good, work life balance not that great. work politics are more. more than work lot of call to attend ", " Amazon was the best work place i have experienced,as it was my first job,the work atmosphere satisfied me.  -there was complete hardwork with best work culture. -productivity was achieved on a daily basis. -management was so freindly. -the hardest part were the targets but was not pressured and could reach it cause of the comfort zone of the workplace and work from home oppertunities. -everyone had the best relationships and enjoyable moments and games and many knowledgeable activities. ", " It is a good company but with no job security. Amazon makes more investment on employees for making them comfortable. They provide the best training for the employees. Company provides a friendly culture to employees. ", " A better environment to work in and learned excel and e mail skills. The most exciting think is i never found any thing hard to work in amazon . ", " It was overall good learning experience.You are surrounded by people who want to bring change and make people life simpler. ", " Amazon is the place where you have fun at work . Also it is a place where we can see the rapid growth among the people working here. I got many opportunities to polish my skills. management is very friendly with employees. Overall you will never feel bored going to office. most important thing about this company is work culture. work culture is really amazing in this company ", " I was really a nice time at my workplace. I was the top performer in my department and the only thing which I did not like about the company is that they hire employees for short time only like for 3 to 4 months. No one can join again once you are fired without any reason. Future is not safe in Amazon Company of anyone. ", " My name is k. Sudharsan reddy, am completed in b.tech but i have backlogs... And i have in 10+2 qualification..     I want any job in Bangalore ", " My Career started here, An Awesome place to work,great team and management.Co-workers were cooperative and competitive.First place to understand customer service.Had fun and made history. ", " Amazon makes you feel like home, my parents stay abroad not once did my management made me feel alone even after going home, it is an excellent company and a wonderful place to start your career and learn about customer service. ", " Best in encouraging. Work Hard have Fun make history. Increases Communication Skills. Developing the Capability of Handling the stressful work "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a place where we get opportunity to learn on new skills, communication skills and interact with customers directly to resolve their problems efficiently. The way of approach towards customer is very friendly. Productive and fun at work place. ", " can learn more things. job culture is awesome. improve our skills and personality. colleagues are so friendly and behave nice to others. ", " Good place to work but takes very much time and hard work to grow. Learned team bonding, leading a team. everyday is enjoyable ", " Work space is really good,have learned many new designing concepts and the way to lead a team, we have a friendly management and co-workers with good helping mentality. Our team is really hard working, will finish all the work before deadline at the same time enjoyable group. ", " Very good company to work in for experienced people and for the people who are just out of college, very good opportunity to gain wonderful experience. ", " My Daily work is  - Allocating tasks to peers - Auditing peers work - Generating Report - Being part of testing in New Releases - Mentoring Team  I have learned how to work efficiently by managing time. ", " Amazon is a fun place to work. It has an amazing work ethic and job culture. Best place for a fresher to start. Learned a lot as an inter at amazon. ", " Fun place, No pressure, Good manging, Nice enviroment, Good co-workers, Enjoyed, Nice place, Learned to engaging ourselves into work Reaching targets are the hardest part ", " good atmosphere ,friendly management,challenging ,its all about sales , they have good business strategy ,love the way they represent themselves in the competitive market ", " Amazon is the best place to work, and to grow. Also working environment is too challenging where it gives an opportunity to prove your self. ", " It's very fabulous work experience in current company. working culture is very friendly. We can give our ideas to Lead Level and applying in system. ", " excellent faculty,it is very comfortable working in amazon,but want to increse my ablity...i enjoy working in amazon. ", " i am very ambition about my work.the most enjoyable part of the job is fully enjoy the work .my work experince about this job is good. ", " I have a good experience with co workers &amp; my seniors teach me everything that thy all ready known. My superior officers every time appreciats me for my work. ", " I joined as a fresher so learnt a lot from my mentors, senior and experienced colleagues. Friendly environment, every day was a new day. ", " Best place to start corporate Good training Work hard  Have fun  Make history Good work culture  Supportive managers  Awesome management ", " I really had a very great experience at Amazon, the work culture was  very awesome.I worked as a chat executive answering the customer questions and promoting amazon. ", " As the name itself suggests work hard and have fun. People who work hard at amazon are now in a good positions. Its suits exactly to the people who work hard and play hard. ", " Working environment is Good, Team Members are cooperative, we can learn more new things and Good communication ", " My previous organisation was fun loving and educative platforms. I really enjoyed and learnt new things while working. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Wonderful place to work with. Love the work culture. It\u2019s one of the customer and employee centric company who takes good care of all their employees. ", " As being a CSA and serving in India, I've learnt how to talk to various kinds of customer plus adhering to the rules and regulation of workplace. Amazon is a great place to work and gain experience in an MNC. Managers were very polite and friendly, any problem arise they had a procedure to escalate it, Overall it was a amazing period. ", " Amazon team is very supportive at work. My day used to start with interactive sessions with the managers and rest of the day would be providing the required assistance to the stakeholders. ", " work hard, make history. The name will precede you. This company can legitimately be called a \"Disruptor\" and perhaps even a world-changer. Customers love it and it's amazing to watch it all unfold at times. It's a pleasure to be even a small part of that. ", " great office space with a multi lingual mix of colleagues. awesome company to work with. good management. work never felt difficult. always allowed room for recreation. ", " Amazon is one of the best places to work in . It has a very friendly and encouraging environment. everybod is treated equally and you can put across your ideas and thoughts as every idea is accepted and worked upon for the better good of the process. ", " It was my first job, I had no experience prior to joining. I was trained in every field I worked for including professional ethics. It was a nice place to work. Unfortunately, I had to quit to continue my higher education. ", " Excellent working culture with fun and place to enhance your skills and ability to work well with people. A best place to work with. ", " It is a fun place to work in .The Company treats its employees well,the managers and trainers are approachable and they help and guide us through various stages of our job. ", " good learning in field for e-commerce.Overall it was good to be a part of company.Management needs to be moere effective. ", " Amazon is great for entry level professionals however it's inappropriate for Managers and above as  HR is available only to please associates and not to support Operations. ", " Interactive platform with different types of people and fun place to work with learning and giving productive results. ", " &gt;Better &gt;many things &gt;good &gt;standing work is difficult &gt;Travelling to bombay in flight &gt;looking for better package,and better leader ship &gt;manting better quality olympics ", " Everyday was fun at work i have learned a lot form my offfice co workers in my office was very helpful and was fun to interact ", " Amazon is an organization where the employees are pampered and a fun filled place to work in. Learned how adopt to different situations and also learned corporate etiquette on several issues such as communicating with higher level and also writing emails. learned how to manage the routine work along with several improvements and taking initiative in on boarding new process in the team. The most enjoyable part was initiating new ideas and taking ownership. Also, attending meeting with new people higher level managers was something I really liked ", " Everyday there a new opportunity and fun activity as well. The best place to work at and everyone is friendly with you even the managers. ", " Nothing to say about any cons, and pros it has normal. and according to graphic design we can't learning any new ideas and like that new think. And we can't grow next level in Design. ", " its still day 1. working culture was not so good.  very complicated works  need to simplify things co workers are very good. No air condition for the team lead in warehouse. Salary was good. 2 days week off were there. ", " Its a good organisation but i was into the roll of third party. work culture is very good and with all benefits.And there is a good transportation too. ", " good job n salary all facalities got exp of e commerce  online business i was delivery boy at starting got promossion as  process assiocate "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I used to work in amazon as an cce.  Each and every senior supported me.  The management of the company was so strong.  Night shift was the hardest part though I used to enjoy there as my co workers were too funny and enjoyable.  Great free environment to work in. ", " It was an informal place with mostly a young group of associates .  It was a fun place to work with all the amenities and freedom given to the employees.  Saying so, The work growth is also kept in limelight where the associates are rendered with training and knowledge to grow in their career . ", " One of the best things about working at Amazon is the opportunity to work on really difficult problems alongside really smart people ", " My experience with Amazon was the best one. It was the best one year of my life being with Amazon. The work culture is fabulous and you get to learn a lot of things. ", " depends upon how much time you spend in a day. learned how to earn. excellent management. supportive. when unable to deal with new things. less utilization of  brain. ", " it is fun workplace for workers to learn something new in a innovative manner. basically, working over here enhance thinking power. ", " amazing place to work , did learn a lot from amazon , mostly about detecting online fraud and making amazon a safe place to transact . my co workers are very helpful and chilled out . amazon has a very good work environment , there was always fun activities to keep the employees active . there wasn't anything to stress about. ", " Amazon.com has been the best place I have worked until date as the environment, the culture is very open and fresh. The support we received from our leads, mentors, managers has made me learn a lot in life and professional life. ", " Enjoyed a lot in this company.And also learned so many new things and developed my skills in coding also.They provided an absolutely cool environment to work on and made the working easier. ", " Amazon is a great place to work with lots of opportunities to learn. The company encourages employees to experiment and learn on a day to day basis. ", " learned how to handle customers over a period of 9 months resolving their issues assisting the firm increase its sales margin and satisfying the customers which is the motto of the organization ", " An exceptional place to work, Amazon includes a pool of talented individual who drive and share enthusiasm and inspiration to  co-workers. A highly energetic workplace. ", " Amazon was my first employer and it was great to be a part of the \"A to Z\" family. I was given opportunity to work with different teams which in turn helped me to learn more stuffs. Like, it gave me the platform to expertise myself in training, vendor management and testing. ", " Worked with Amazon and Sakti enterprises. Loved the work, as it totally defines my personality. At Sakti had to deal directly with the customer for sales as sales executive, as to make sure customer find the right product for purchase that suits his or her needs and also fits the budget.  At Amazon used to deal with customers online via email and call, had to take of customer issues and make sure to resolve the problem as soon as possible without any delay in response.  As a matter of fact at work everyday is a new day, as I had to deal with different customers with various issues and demands. However work pressure is also a part of excitement and fun. ", " I have learnt much in these years.Very flexible and challenging environment. Work space is quite comfortable for employees. ", " It is a fun place to work at. especially the dress codes. They have good bonuses and allowances. The pay is good and the facilities provided are good too. ", " This company is very effective and good working so i like this company this will give full satisfaction to workers abou their work. ", " It is fun to work with Amazon. Only Management is little issue.Overall amazing place and culture. Good Opportunity to start with your career. ", " Good Work experience good management and work process and quality very different successful this company provide me cab facility ", " fun workplace ....sometimes the hardest part learnt ms word excel outlook. the management was at the best. the timings may extend more thaan 15 hrs due to lack of employees.the most enjoyable time is during celebrations of festivals at the premises. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " At Amazon, learnt many things about e-commerce, how customers buy and sell online. And how important customers are for the company. Learnt the full meaning of Customer is the King. Cool company to work with.   Dell the biggest computer company, Work culture was really awesome and the management, colleagues and the company as a whole was really great.When I joined Dell i knew nothing about computers and peripherals. While I was leaving Dell i knew much troubleshooting. Thanks to Dell.  Genpact, what can i say about this company. Dream company to work with. Awesome staff, wide range of learning tools. ", " My experience with Amazon was the best one. It was the best one year of my life being with Amazon. The work culture is fabulous and you get to learn a lot of things. ", " Amazon was my first employer and it was great to be a part of the \"A to Z\" family. I was given opportunity to work with different teams which in turn helped me to learn more stuffs. Like, it gave me the platform to expertise myself in training, vendor management and testing. ", " Taking Inbound Calls , Checking Emails and Maintaining the day to day track of the Team. Professional Ethics, Learning and Implementing at my job. Very Supportive and Encouraging Management. Understanding and Energetic Team Members Handling Irate and Senior Citizens Taking more number of calls and getting wow calls. ", " As being a CSA and serving in India, I've learnt how to talk to various kinds of customer plus adhering to the rules and regulation of workplace. Amazon is a great place to work and gain experience in an MNC. Managers were very polite and friendly, any problem arise they had a procedure to escalate it, Overall it was a amazing period. ", " great office space with a multi lingual mix of colleagues. awesome company to work with. good management. work never felt difficult. always allowed room for recreation. ", " The Transaction Risk Management Services (TRMS) team at Amazon safeguards all Amazon Marketplaces from Fraudulent and Abusive practices and in doing so ensures long-term buyer, seller and other stakeholders satisfaction and builds trust. TRMS Operations team works towards building Amazon the most safest place to transact online by researching and evaluating facts surrounding buyer and/or seller transactions and ensuring that legitimate customers at Amazon get their orders, and to have the best customer experience possible during the process. ", " About ur  company i dont knew that much but i am dam sure amazon has a good company for a world.Culture is first and foremost at Indeed, which could be the biggest reason it is the #1 jobsite worldwide. Senior leadership does everything they can to make every employee happy and come to work excited. They are also HIGHLY visible every single day, including the CEO. Offices are open floor plans, so no corner offices for the senior leadership. They sit all over the building and amongst all of the different teams in their departments. Managers are highly experienced in the digital media/digital advertising field so you are learning from the best of the best in the industry.  Entry-level jobs are filled on personality and fit, which makes your coworkers unique and inspiring. Indeed's Training and Development team can (and will) teach you what you need to know to perform the job, but you have to bring personality and drive everyday to be great at it.  Indeed bombards you with perks and swag, are always looking to improve employee benefits, and just takes unbelievable care of their own in general. Promotions are everywhere, all over the US and the world, so the opportunities are endless. Lunch is provided every Wednesday, breakfast every Friday, with Thursday happy hours (also catered) sprinkled in a couple times a month. Wide assortment of snacks and drinks on all floors. This is a company with a big name right in the heart of Stamford that is growing stronger everyday, but that is still not enough to change its small company feel.   You will not regret applying for a job at ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> Indeed. ", " This is the place where I learned how to handle each and every situations in a positive way.  The management is completely awesome with great facilities. Co-workers are so helpful towards each other and friendly in nature. The hardest part is to when the flow is high.  The environment in the office is awesome and it makes me more enthusiastic. I love talking to all the International customers all over the world and handling their issues. ", " 1.Good Salary and employee benefits but poor work like balance. 2. Good opportunities to grow technically. 3. Good salary ", " I used to work in amazon as an cce.  Each and every senior supported me.  The management of the company was so strong.  Night shift was the hardest part though I used to enjoy there as my co workers were too funny and enjoyable.  Great free environment to work in. ", " can learn more things. job culture is awesome. improve our skills and personality. colleagues are so friendly and behave nice to others. ", " Amazon.com has been the best place I have worked until date as the environment, the culture is very open and fresh. The support we received from our leads, mentors, managers has made me learn a lot in life and professional life. ", " Amazon does not emphasize on dress code. I learnt a lot while being an Amazonian which includes work life balance, working on multiple projects, team management etc. ", " Publishing Work Have learnt to more deep dive and take ownership of things and lead others Very co-operative and willingness to learn Customer obsession and vendor calling Setting up items for vendors on our own on site ", " lacking in growth ,recognition and salary.good in people management .exploration of knowledge is great here .no boundation in that .very free culture. ", " Amazon has nice work culture. learned about E-commerce business. i was in product pricing and product marketing team . where we use to maintain competitiveness of amazon. ", " My name is k. Sudharsan reddy, am completed in b.tech but i have backlogs... And i have in 10+2 qualification..     I want any job in Bangalore ", " Its one of the best company to work. The work culture over here is far better than any other companies around.  It gives an opportunity to learn a lot, and we follow he 14 leadership principles which makes us improve personally and professionally. ", " It is a very good place to work. The work culture is the best. You are given freedom to do your work your way. The benefits are the icing on the cake "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Im looking for a job where i can explore myself .and gain good salary according to my effort .and i want to work in such a company rules are equals for everyone     Thanx, Sana ", " A career with amazon is typical of the Amazon tagline- 'Work hard, have fun and make history' The company is excellent when it comes to opportunities and internal growth. The best part of Amazon is its amazing work culture. The dress code is no where close to formal and the employees can express their views in a much open environment. A typical day at work for me involves facilitation sessions for new hires. The other best part about Amazon are the people.. you will meet some Amazing people..!!! ", " Had a wonderful time of two years in Amazon. As a customer service representative, talking to customers, resolving their issues, meeting the metrics, achieving awards and recognition, waiting for team outings, jellying up with peers, pretty much sums up the work and culture at Amazon. ", " It is fun to work at amazon. You get to work along with a bunch of smart and intelligent group of people. looking forward to work in an organization which has similar kind of environment. ", " Amazon was the best Organisation I have worked with. Friendly work culture, very supportive management. Amazon is a complete organisation, which gives importance to both its customers and employees. ", " I take calls from amazon customers and assist them with their queries.   It's a free and a fun to work culture at amazon,but people are dedicated and driven by customer obsession.   I bettered my communication skills,got to know different mindsets of people through calls and bettered my time management and multitasking skills.   Hardest part is convincing irate customers.   Happiest part is gaining customer trust and providing customer satisfaction. ", " A workplace without dress code, believing in the quality of the  work and not on the dress. Lots of opportunity to learn and experiment, with customer at the pinnacle of every thought and activity. ", " I used to take feedback for error on the webpage and get them fixed. Very professional and fun at the same time. Very good ambiance, amazing co-workers. Learnt a lot on how to manage time and work. The hardest part of the job was getting orders delivered in time during holiday season. Most enjoyable part of the job was, there used to be no work pressure at all. ", " It was a good experience to be a part of amazon's working  environment.Looking forward to be a part of a company which can help me to develop into a good personality in future. ", " Its okay, salaries are less but overall its okay to work for Amazon. Typical day at work in Operations team -- TRMS is quite hectic but its fun too. I have been working here for 4 years and i like it.  Most enjoyable part of the job is Yearly Review :P ", " Amazon, even though at times when the job seemed hectic always managed to keep a smile on my face. Being a part of an amazing team and working under a fun loving manager helped a lot. Learnt a lot about time management and working under fixed timelines and adhering to the SLA's whilst keeping a track of my own metrics made me a better person on the whole. ", " Its good,its ok, but its  my 1st job, so no commitment about it, because on that time of recession and they provide me job with less salary but so much thankful they provide me job, I know there is long working hour but I am happy there. ", " Learning everyday!! so kept learning on an every new day,  Team management and adjustment  with new folks.  Hardest is when your new to the company.  Work is the most enjoyable ", " Good culture, strong ethics, good people, good management, good place to learn about how big companies function, the perspective of how to make to big and vast. ", " Amazon Leadership principle stands upon all the ways were employee work in a manner.  Amazon don't let out any confidential matter. ", " Amazon is a very good organisation to start your career with. It has multiple opportunities to grow and allows a wide platform for people to learn new processes. ", " I loved every bit of Amazon. The culture, the people, the work environment. I just can't express how comfortable the company made me.  People were always at the top of their spirits, fun was a part of our work. There was no communication gap between a manager and his employees.  The most enjoyable part of my job was the volumes we had during the peak season, the post peak party, the pre peak fun. ", " It was great working at Amazon. It goes as its slogan \"Work Hard. Have fun. Make History \" . There is hard work and fun both at workplace. I improvised my problem solving skills and logical and analytical thinking ability.I had a very good team and so  I got to know how a good professional environment will be. I also improved my managing skills. I learned about team work. ", " I've learned to manage work in the peak time. learned to handle people with different mindsets. The most enjoyable part of the job is to do cross skills. To get experience not only in one field but also in other fields of the company. ", " Work culture @ amazon is very good. It has been a great working experience working at amazon.com. I have learned lot of professional skills here. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " When call flow too much not able to take enough rest. I learned that how to handle a person and how to resolve his problem. Most important i learned in there that be punctual. ", " This is the place where I learned how to handle each and every situations in a positive way.  The management is completely awesome with great facilities. Co-workers are so helpful towards each other and friendly in nature. The hardest part is to when the flow is high.  The environment in the office is awesome and it makes me more enthusiastic. I love talking to all the International customers all over the world and handling their issues. ", " An environment wherein you are encouraged to think outside the box. You get the complete ownership of your ideas which makes the job interesting and hectic at the same time. ", " its a very good place to work good growth opportunites friendly environment daily n weekly fun activities cross skill support achievable targets no stress approachable leads and managers ", " I worked here for more than two years. Its a place where you can work and have fun at the same time. There are different fun activities where everyone gets to participate. ", " Unique culture and lot of learning, you get to learn a lot while perform your daily duties and get to interact with various different teams. ", " Amazon one of fastest growing company worldwide with 10,000+ employees in Bangalore location, Typical Day to Day work starts with the ticketing system of amazon on priority basis sev2, sev3,sev4 &amp; sev5.  Need to support tickets on sev basis on time &amp; manage SLA, Management was really good with full support for us mentally &amp; phsically with all kind of good &amp; challanging time.  Co workers are like brothers &amp; never say no to any kind of frequest for truobleshooting related issues.  The hardest part of the job is when the IT guys didnt have exact location to sit &amp; work, to make mettings &amp; to get to gether.  Most enjoyable part is when the new IT Guys got new permenent place to work including metting room.  Team size was arrond 8 with 14 more junior IT techs. ", " The Transaction Risk Management Services (TRMS) team at Amazon safeguards all Amazon Marketplaces from Fraudulent and Abusive practices and in doing so ensures long-term buyer, seller and other stakeholders satisfaction and builds trust. TRMS Operations team works towards building Amazon the most safest place to transact online by researching and evaluating facts surrounding buyer and/or seller transactions and ensuring that legitimate customers at Amazon get their orders, and to have the best customer experience possible during the process. ", " It was nice to be a part of such a nice company.I would like to join again if i get chance.  Work culture is good and many opportunities also are available.  Thanks ", " Work ethic was very Professional, and work area would be very lively and fun on the floor all the time.  This is the only place where I've seen people working and having fun. Management and co-workers are very jovial and cooperative in all aspects. I learned leadership qualities and how to overcome hard time and situations. ", " Its a nice company to work with. The work culture is good . You can learn different things and upskill. Good process, Good food. ", " Hello,  Employees do a lot of fun at work which makes a good environ to work.  It has flexibility shifts for the employees.  Thanks. ", " Hello,  This is a Nice BPO to work with and its good for long term goals.  The company gives sodexos and transport facility which is really good for the employees.  Thanks. ", " I felt very happy when i visited Pune amazon site as a trainer for a span of 2 to 3 months.   I have learned about Lenel.  Here management is too good in all type of activities.  Happy to work with colleagues. ", " Most enjoyable part of the job  Its is productive and working place  A typical day at work   And a good management  And having good co-workers  No hardest part of the job ", " A typical day starts at 6am and ends at 3pm.It was always fun to work in amazon.it requires a lot dedication and hard work .Management was pretty good.We used to get good pay. ", " Amazon is one of the most employee friendly company in the world. Speaking about the work I did there was pretty amazing, I had amazing team which would support and make me feel proud whenever I did something out of the box. People are friendly and I never realized as I was working there, it was more like my second home. Times do come when the work has to be done overnight and I think I have done it right in time. Overall, I enjoyed working there. ", " Over all it was a very good experience. want to get into more technical job hence look for different job. working with them was too good. i completely enjoyed it. its on of the best company ", " The best place to work. Loved the management, work atmosphere. The management was very friendly. Team bonding activities were the best. ", " Best thing Amazon provides you , to be innovative and a good work environment. Proper work timings (max day shifts).And the good part no dress code. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " When call flow too much not able to take enough rest. I learned that how to handle a person and how to resolve his problem. Most important i learned in there that be punctual. ", " fun place to work. lots to learn. operations team sucks big time. otherwise pretty nice place to be a part and work culture is amazing. ", " developed for the my knowledge, any management lead to company every work for improved and latest work presentation in company ", " A great place to begin and develop your career. You keep learning new stuff everyday. The management is completely supportive and provides equal opportunity for all to develop themselves in line with organizational benefits. ", " I felt very happy when i visited Pune amazon site as a trainer for a span of 2 to 3 months.   I have learned about Lenel.  Here management is too good in all type of activities.  Happy to work with colleagues. ", " A lot of work blended with lot of fun.Work culture is one of the best. If you are good or even average at your work you can chill your life around. salaries are not too attractive for Non-language employees for catalog positions ", " Amazon is a very good organisation to start your career with. It has multiple opportunities to grow and allows a wide platform for people to learn new processes. ", " The work culture was great.I would rather say the best among other companies in India. It lets you be who you are and get the work done too. Thats part of work life balance which you do not get in many companies unfortunately.The managers are very approachable and they do understand when you try telling them something. ", " Its shift begin at 8 am and end by 5pm. Good cab facilities. working atmosphere is great I enjoy the work It takes much time to understand any new process that gets in I learned analysing, quality check ", " Learned how to handle team in critical times and to educate the team with their misses with the customer feedback. Provides opportunity to work with customers and stakeholders directly. Colleagues are work friendly.Management is reachable at any time. Hardest part is to remember the people who are joining daily as the company grows day by day.I will be busy for the entire day with my works since everyday there will new learning and that is the most enjoyable part of the job. ", " I Work as Help Desk Executive all the mail update as per the employee request , arrange the cab for login and logout and now i am handling Special Booking arrange cabs on Disposal, Events, Team Lunch, airport drop etc. ", " We had a target everyday and it was a tough one and as a team with the support and guidance from experienced management we used to reach our targets at the end of the day.   I conducted meetings as a first thing everyday to discuss the action points and give a heads up regarding new updates and start the day.   Training took place almost all the time for the new members to attain perfection.  Used to handle calls across marketplaces to be in sync and adopt new techniques to improve performance.  It was fun work place with scope of motivation and guidance. ", " Good culture, strong ethics, good people, good management, good place to learn about how big companies function, the perspective of how to make to big and vast. ", " Work environment is perfect. Work and activities balanced. Freedom to all employees as they can do anything as long as they finish the work within the allotted deadline ", " Amazon Leadership principle stands upon all the ways were employee work in a manner.  Amazon don't let out any confidential matter. ", " It was fun working environment at Amazon and most of all I got chance of making more friends.  Everyday, working with my colleagues altered and developed my skills at certain level.  Surely, working in that company was a highly delightful experience for me. ", " Most enjoyable part of the job  Its is productive and working place  A typical day at work   And a good management  And having good co-workers  No hardest part of the job ", " the day starts with radiant smiles all around the place from co-workers and senior management. I learned time management, thinking in multiple directions and enhanced my decision making capabilities. The senior management is very helpful and friendly. I guess they select like minded people because a majority of employees are jolly people. The hardest part of the job was meeting deadlines. I enjoyed the pressure in the job. ", " Dynamic work culture and adaptive policies. User-friendly SOPs and process Friendly environment Management is efficient and helpful ", " Hello,  This is a Nice BPO to work with and its good for long term goals.  The company gives sodexos and transport facility which is really good for the employees.  Thanks. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " At Amazon, learnt many things about e-commerce, how customers buy and sell online. And how important customers are for the company. Learnt the full meaning of Customer is the King. Cool company to work with.   Dell the biggest computer company, Work culture was really awesome and the management, colleagues and the company as a whole was really great.When I joined Dell i knew nothing about computers and peripherals. While I was leaving Dell i knew much troubleshooting. Thanks to Dell.  Genpact, what can i say about this company. Dream company to work with. Awesome staff, wide range of learning tools. ", " * Great place for freshers to learn the work culture. * The hardest part of my job is to work during weekends * Very funny and supportive team *Amazon gives best benefits and security specially for women ", " Amazon is a great company to work with. the work culture is really good and exciting.It has helped me grow professionally and personally. It has been a great learning experience here. Work hard Have fun and Make history. ", " Had very good time to work for Amazon. I had very good team and achieved good recognition in accomplishing given task on time. ", " Every Day at work was a great learning experience, had got an opportunity to handle multiple process, Challenging work environment, co-workers were pretty amicable, the most enjoyable part of job was work from home at times when required support ", " This was my first job. An amazing experience where there was a relaxed atmosphere at work. Friendly leads and managers.   However, I've learned to work under pressure as well.   Very glad that I've been a part of Amazon. ", " Company Standards is Out Standing , i feel very Proud that I have been worked part of Days in AMAZON.COM, Really wonderfull experience ", " Taught many things like to be patient,how to represent yourself,leadership principles etc. It gives you opportunities to grow and it is one of the most growing company. ", " It has a very good culture of work.I have learned many things like how does a company works,i what ways you can improve your business,what does a customer wants,how to deal with various types of customers,how to create your own identity on behalf of the company,how to manage things when they go wrong. Hardest part of the job was to convince people and to be patient and give respect even if it is not our error but this was the most valuable thing as it teaches the most important principle of life. Most enjoyable thing was to interact with various kinds of people, to make them understand, to learn from them, to learn from your colleagues.. ", " I am happy to say as i am working in Amazon Development centre Good Company. Challenging Work Awesome work Environment Good Management Free food Free Cabs ", " Amazon.com believes in Frugality which is something that no employee desires when it comes to the salary quotient. But having said that Amazon has the best work culture along with Google &amp; Facebook. Keeps employees relaxed. But again you have to do Overtime to earn the extra bucks. Also they provide free food but that amount isn't enought o sustain an employee for a month. Growth is slow but steady. ", " Lots of learning and challenging work, good working environment, helpful and knowledgeable co-workers.  Enjoyable part : Agile development, fast paced projects Hardest part: On call duty ", " Every day is inspiring, always teaching new things and always raising the bar to help us reach the next level. Amazon thought me all about Corporate culture and how to work smartly. The management in Amazon is just Awesome. As Amazon has free and very high valued culture we can learn a lot from our co-workers about work and about life. There is not hardest part in the job as everyone will teach and help you grow and reach to your absolute potential. Enjoyable part of the job is working with the people with different cultures and potential. ", " Good work place . flexible working hours , getting experience in e commerce domain . work not very systematic . patchwork solutions are more than systematic approach . HR not very resposive. ", " Fun work place with informal work place,no rules on how you dress or how you do your work all that they wanted is meeting targets and deadlines. Politics at management and peer level which usually happens. Lots of goodies,team lunches and offsites ", " At Amazon our day depends on the work of that particular day, We used to enjoy the work. As I was a fresher at Amazon and no prior experience with other companies, i found it cool. Management was simply awesome i can say our manager used to support and encourage us a lot. As a team we were friendly and senior members of our team used to help us and had fun. The peak time, where i worked for round the clock,i can say it gave me more pleasure. Obviously, Our Outing days. ", " i enjoyed very much with all my staff members and i learned very much things in my company with the comfortable confiiction. ", " well and i can best from my side for working in your  company and at present our compan rating in my college is about 67%percentage ", " A lot of work blended with lot of fun.Work culture is one of the best. If you are good or even average at your work you can chill your life around. salaries are not too attractive for Non-language employees for catalog positions ", " it is the best company and i am happy to work with this company  the working hours are sutable for all and free food will provided "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Good work place . flexible working hours , getting experience in e commerce domain . work not very systematic . patchwork solutions are more than systematic approach . HR not very resposive. ", " Taught many things like to be patient,how to represent yourself,leadership principles etc. It gives you opportunities to grow and it is one of the most growing company. ", " This was my first job. An amazing experience where there was a relaxed atmosphere at work. Friendly leads and managers.   However, I've learned to work under pressure as well.   Very glad that I've been a part of Amazon. ", " Amazon is a great company to work with. the work culture is really good and exciting.It has helped me grow professionally and personally. It has been a great learning experience here. Work hard Have fun and Make history. ", " Amazon was a wonderful place to work. the management and the job culture was the best. The job was not monotonous. colleagues made a big impact as well. the managers were down to earth and helped us grow along with them in the company, professionally as well as personally ", " Work is very easy because of the proper installed  modern  electronics and software application to an extent. The uniformity regularty and all good  treatments that a company needed is properly followed. The co-worker  that i  got is extremely  inspirable and helped alot to work hard and to get better result. ", " Work place  is fun with the potential for growth. They follow a balanced work life culture.They give equal importance to all the employees ", " The work culture at amazon is an above super culture, The management is very co-operative and Very motivating, Good teachers, The day at work is not known as it comes up with stress buster games for employees. One thing I've learned from amazon management it it gives the employees the whole right to handle the customer problem and to take decisions upon whats the right thing to do for the customer. What I've learned from amazon while working in the company is the true meaning of its tag line - Work Hard-Have Fun-Make History. Proud to be an amazonian. ", " Its a nice company to work with. The work culture is good . You can learn different things and upskill. Good process, Good food. ", " Amazon. com is one of the coolest place a person can ever work, He will have a wide range of exposure but should be careful with the work being done. There is a lot of distractions such as games and fun, and there will also be lot of work to finish. I am proud to say that I was a part of amazon.com ", " A very pleasant workplace and which enables us tio learn more about leadership skills . Very good management with supportive and enthusiastic co-workers. A place where no one bosses around or none one compels you what to do. But at end of the day , you are responsible for the work you do.  Hardest part of the job is to identify the root cause of the cases given to us and resolve them. Most enjoyable part is that we are free to do anything right from dress code to work culture , Music , Dance etc. ", " Amazon is my first company where i have been experienced 3 years where i learned about amazon business operations which enhanced my knowledge , no pressure,no work load, fun loving work place.  simply....Amazon is cool place to work. ", " amazon having very awesome culture.no dress code and no micro management.i really want to work in amazon again but in Gujarat only ", " awesome place to work at. Play.Work. Make history. Teaches a lot especially helped me how corporate world functions. Glad I worked in Amazon. ", " its customer centric company. work with safety is first rules    work hard. have fun, make history..........................! ", " a very good job exposure and valuable resources  \tVendor Coordination  \timplementation of online strategies, web-based resources and existing configuration repairs  \tExecuting Digital Marketing strategy across all businesses globally  \tWorking effectively across marketing disciplines, and cross-functionalise.  \tExecute Audit data, Compliance, Process related data and analysis of competitors. ", " Great place to work for. Always fun and a very casual work style. Wonderful company with benefits and perks. The office started to get crowded as the company grew. Helpful leads and colleagues. ", " Helping Customers Learn Bout the various methods of using Kindle's and how to download applications, store books,reading books and various aspects of Kindle Technology .And also solving Customer's quires at the end of the day and keeping customers happy at the end of the day. ", " Typical day involves the daily work load supplemented with a fair amount of table tennis and coffee breaks which are incorporated in such a way that it boosts morale and balances the day perfectly. Co workers were and are family. The management was highly supportive and motivational. The hard parts were leaving for the day. The most enjoyable parts were meeting targets and being appreciated for it. ", " Stress free technical team with cool headed managers. I learned more skills in my previous organization like, iMacros, Leadership quality, dive in deep, Initiative, etc., I had well supported peers in my team, we are always helpful so that we can work as good team players. Hardest part of the job was given by stakeholders by giving short deadlines that too very rarely. But as a competitive world, we should be step ahead to stand strongly in market. So the deadlines are not like killer feel. As a tester i was working as a bug hunter many times, it is so enjoyable to break the software and finding many bugs which are critical and giving exact logs to the developers. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazing place to work, learn, grow &amp; excel in career. Amazing training modules for productivity and for personality development. ", " place extremely focussed on tasks and jobs please do seroius work and find new ways to do work. New ideas are apreciated and accepted easily ", " The work culture was great.I would rather say the best among other companies in India. It lets you be who you are and get the work done too. Thats part of work life balance which you do not get in many companies unfortunately.The managers are very approachable and they do understand when you try telling them something. ", " To  be associate with a firm this provides career development opportunities and contributes in its progress through my knowledge and skill. ", " Working hard is the goal of very company, we work in the different concept to make very one satisfied about their daily job. And have fun at floor. we do extra time work as per requirement in the area. we work at weekends with  compulsory OT.Company helps us grow both in our career and in the development of the company. ", " learnt marketing skills, such a wonderful place to work, as said, wok hard have fun, managers were helpful, totally amazing experience. ", " Learned how to handle team in critical times and to educate the team with their misses with the customer feedback. Provides opportunity to work with customers and stakeholders directly. Colleagues are work friendly.Management is reachable at any time. Hardest part is to remember the people who are joining daily as the company grows day by day.I will be busy for the entire day with my works since everyday there will new learning and that is the most enjoyable part of the job. ", " Amazon is one of the best employers I have worked with. Employees at Amazon work very hard and have fun. The best part about Amazon is the management and colleagues. Both of them are very helpful and supportive. ", " I would say Amazon is the place that will teach you how much customer is important to an organization. You will love to work in such an organization. ", " We had a target everyday and it was a tough one and as a team with the support and guidance from experienced management we used to reach our targets at the end of the day.   I conducted meetings as a first thing everyday to discuss the action points and give a heads up regarding new updates and start the day.   Training took place almost all the time for the new members to attain perfection.  Used to handle calls across marketplaces to be in sync and adopt new techniques to improve performance.  It was fun work place with scope of motivation and guidance. ", " Great place to work for. Always fun and a very casual work style. Wonderful company with benefits and perks. The office started to get crowded as the company grew. Helpful leads and colleagues. ", " Amazon was a wonderful place to work. the management and the job culture was the best. The job was not monotonous. colleagues made a big impact as well. the managers were down to earth and helped us grow along with them in the company, professionally as well as personally ", " amazon is a place where it is getting improved and famous day by day.. a very high growth has been seen these days.. reputation is also good.. ", " One of the best company in terms of work culture, management and employee benefits. Provides required and sufficient work environment to the employees. Very transparent and understandable hierarchy structure to move up the ladder. ", " It has been the best place to learn how to be social. I have many good things with me after joining Amazon. And whatever I'm today is because of it. I'm a proud Amazonian. ", " Its a great place to work with you. Will learn a lot in here. Its a mixed of fun and work environment. We might have biased managements, but apart from that company is great. ", " Was good to work with. Not a great career if you have a partner and you work on night shift. Work 40 - 60 hours a week.  It was good times even though the job sucked. It is an all or nothing environment so you either love it or you hate it ", " To Contact sellers about the issues that are being fcaed by customers which have been reported to customer support and routed to seller support. ", " Amazon is a very fun place to work!  Employees are taken well care of!  everything is made available for the employees to explore more than just work with different seminars and also different projects. ", " I have learnt lot of things in present company and it is wonderful experience in working with the india's one of leading online shopping company with the great facilities. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " the day starts with radiant smiles all around the place from co-workers and senior management. I learned time management, thinking in multiple directions and enhanced my decision making capabilities. The senior management is very helpful and friendly. I guess they select like minded people because a majority of employees are jolly people. The hardest part of the job was meeting deadlines. I enjoyed the pressure in the job. ", " The journey with Amazon is quite good but over all the growth has dragged me down as there are not much chances to grow.  Being Aware of how amazon works with its policies and how it puts  its customers at first priority is quite amazing, that is why its known as the world's customer centric company. ", " Worked with Amazon for almost one and half years and was always excited to go to work. I worked as a Transaction Risk Investigator where my job fluctuated between extremely stressful at times to moderately stressful. The work culture totally depends on an individual to interact with others and enjoy the fun on the floor. The bigger the team, the better you have fun. Our team consisted of 24 people and there was always someone to reach out to whenever you're bored or needed a coffee break. However, that was ruined with different time shifts for everyone though. Also, managers were very supportive at work. Overall it's a great fun and balanced work place if you think you can handle stress. ", " Amazon has wonderful work environment. Policy was to work hard, have fun and make history. I did all the three.  Fun, competitive, hard working office culture where everyone typically likes each other. ", " Very little appreciation for efforts taken by indviduals. Fluctuating management policies. Low impetus for employee growth. ", " I worked for some time in Amazon development center back in India as a Process associate. I used to speak to new people every day and got to know many new things about them. In Amazon, it's all about the way you present yourself to the customer and provide the best service to them they deserve. My communication and management skills have reached a new height after I started working there. The environment there is very friendly and casual. We used to have fun events during our work which would reduce our stress to great extent. ", " Fun work place with supportive management and colleagues . The most fun parts are the outings.Its the best place to work .really happy to be a part of such organization ", " Awesome place to work. Learned how to be in a Xclass business environment. For some teams there are very poor management structure. Co-workers are very friendly and joyful. The hardest part is internal politics, many senior people are still here yet to waiting for 2nd level promotion. Any thing can be learned with out any barriers. ", " Fun work place with supportive management. Not all about the numbers bot how you personally grow and develop. Decent amount of red tape and politics, but this is expected of a big company. ", " We have a high bar for ourselves at Amazon.  Most Amazonians will tell you they work hard and smart\u2014100% of the time.  Amazonians will also proudly tell you they wouldn\u2019t have it any other way.  Along with innovation and obsession over customers, hard work is inherently part of any Amazonian\u2019s DNA.  Amazon\u2019s promise to be Earth\u2019s most Customer-centric company is a tall, tough order.  We are grateful to our Customers for their business, and we work hard every day to make sure that we continue to deserve their trust.  We are proud of what we\u2019re building at Amazon because we think it\u2019s something important, it matters to our customers, and it\u2019s something we can tell our grandchildren about.  From our perspective, such things aren\u2019t meant to be easy.  We hire the world\u2019s brightest minds at Amazon, offering an opportunity to make a direct impact and drive change at internet speed. If you are a passionate leader and innovative pioneer, Amazon is looking to hand you the keys to build \u201cwhat\u2019s next\u201d for generations to come.   It\u2019s still Day 1 at Amazon ", " About ur  company i dont knew that much but i am dam sure amazon has a good company for a world.Culture is first and foremost at Indeed, which could be the biggest reason it is the #1 jobsite worldwide. Senior leadership does everything they can to make every employee happy and come to work excited. They are also HIGHLY visible every single day, including the CEO. Offices are open floor plans, so no corner offices for the senior leadership. They sit all over the building and amongst all of the different teams in their departments. Managers are highly experienced in the digital media/digital advertising field so you are learning from the best of the best in the industry.  Entry-level jobs are filled on personality and fit, which makes your coworkers unique and inspiring. Indeed's Training and Development team can (and will) teach you what you need to know to perform the job, but you have to bring personality and drive everyday to be great at it.  Indeed bombards you with perks and swag, are always looking to improve employee benefits, and just takes unbelievable care of their own in general. Promotions are everywhere, all over the US and the world, so the opportunities are endless. Lunch is provided every Wednesday, breakfast every Friday, with Thursday happy hours (also catered) sprinkled in a couple times a month. Wide assortment of snacks and drinks on all floors. This is a company with a big name right in the heart of Stamford that is growing stronger everyday, but that is still not enough to change its small company feel.   You will not regret applying for a job at ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> Indeed. ", " Great place to work with. Although its all about number, if successfully met the numbers then management is happy and helps us personally grow and develop. Always wish to get back. ", " As a Sr. Seller Support Associate of Seller Support team (TAM), worked in multiple disciplines helping the sellers on Amazon.com with the issue regarding their inventory, website issues along with the payment settlements as per the company\u2019s policies.                       Worked in accordance with finance team to collate the financial information of sellers and assisted sellers in filing for tax returns. ", " productive and also a fun place with lots of indoor games many on floor events.  on time scheduling, work load is a bit high. can take breaks often. ", " happy to work in amazon (ATS) but the sad point is i'm not a on roll payee and i'm from third party so these is the main disappointing thing from myside ", " 1.Good Salary and employee benefits but poor work like balance. 2. Good opportunities to grow technically. 3. Good salary ", " Amazon is fun place to work where i learn a lot each and every single day. My job role is of Site Merchandising where i run different campaigns as per demand from the customer and the market. Previous to this i was in operations team where in i was on pilot project name EZ-Connect where customers can easily get the lowest price of household items like TV, washing machine, AC's and mobile phones through us. ", " My day start with team briefings , assigning task to sub ordinates. I learned to manage large numbers of team members. ty The hardest part of the job is unpredictable shift hours but i enjoyed this too.  The most enjoyable part of the job is its intensity , the daily challenges and interactions with team members. ", " Amazon is an Amazing place to work. Its was my first job and it was fun to work at Amazon. Amazon has provided me an exposure on various aspects of work culture. It has provided me with an opportunity to grow and learn. ", " rotational shifts with good work environment and shift allowances. Fun while working to eliminate the stress of 9 hours long shift. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is an awesome place to work for. The ambience, Management and work culture is good. There is a lot of scope for improving skills and learn new things everyday. ", " I was taken by the moto Work hard , have fun make history ,  it was just fun working there , i learnt how to mould my self to different culture and people , the most enjoyable part is that u will have ur own space to work .  ", " Good culture, great people here to work with. Good benefits to employees...also good facilities  However no proper cafeteria and not great food provided ", " FUN AND ALSO A ENCOURAGING WORKPLACE WHERE I COULD ENHANCE MY TALENTS AND AS WELL AS TO FULLFILL MY EXPECTATIONS. I BEING A CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP EXECUTIVE FELT ABOUT BEING GIVEN THE POWER TO DIRECTLY INTERACT WITH THE CUSTOMERS AND COMPLETE MY SALES REQUIRMENT TO THE COMPANY ", " I've learned to manage work in the peak time. learned to handle people with different mindsets. The most enjoyable part of the job is to do cross skills. To get experience not only in one field but also in other fields of the company. ", " A workplace without dress code, believing in the quality of the  work and not on the dress. Lots of opportunity to learn and experiment, with customer at the pinnacle of every thought and activity. ", " *Offer letter providing is a long process :( *Management is good *co-workers are very friendly and enjoyable * while switched over to other process got less training but more preasure ", " Not recommended if one is look to grow in career, as it takes a long time to move up the ladder. Great teams, great friends. ", " One of the best places to grow in career and in life as a person. Work hard and smart, and success follows you immediately. ", " Very good company in terms of person &amp; work,good benefits &amp; immediate action on any help required in a very good manner,Management in each department is very good &amp; happy to work here ", " My day as a quality analyst started with a team meeting where i briefed my team of twenty Process Associates on what regions and product categories they need to set up marketing strategies on. Then the day involved meeting with clients, suppliers getting approvals on the marketing strategies suggested by my team. Handling the productivity and quality of my team was my prime goal responsibility. The management had an open door policy and the hierarchy was well defined. We could approach anyone if we had ideas or issues. Colleagues at amazon were fun, we used to have fun Fridays and ice breaking sessions to keep the fun environment on the floor. I particularly never felt that my job is hard at any point of time because I work with passion. My passion helped me tackle all obstacles. The best part of my job was that it was not limited, I had the freedom to explore and do whatever was required to drive the business to profits. ", " Its okay, salaries are less but overall its okay to work for Amazon. Typical day at work in Operations team -- TRMS is quite hectic but its fun too. I have been working here for 4 years and i like it.  Most enjoyable part of the job is Yearly Review :P ", " At my first day at work, I was amazed the people were working here, laughing smiling and enjoying their work. That day I understood, here work is important but happiness within is more important.   From that day, with the same values, I started working with my complete focus and dedication and trust me it made my professional aptitude more stronger than ever.   I learned here the most important ethics of  any profession, that  is to socialize  and make friends. I believe if you cant make friends at your workplace, you wont be able to give the best of your efficiency, because to work anywhere you need dependency and without a good trust over the collegues/management you wont be able to perform the best.   At Amazon, its a friendly environment, where people are happy to help (I received utmost help and support at the initial stages of my work) and hence since joining I never felt isolated or new to the place.   Amazon is a lovely place to work and have fun. ", " It is fun to work at amazon. You get to work along with a bunch of smart and intelligent group of people. looking forward to work in an organization which has similar kind of environment. ", " Good place to kick start your Testing career. Growth is really hard. Compensation is comparatively lower than other MNCs ", " This is a place where you get to show the ownership , Bias for action and Deliver results.We work in a dynamic environment where we have opportunity to learn and experiment.A dynamic changing environment which provides us a scope of inventing and simplifying things.We have an amicable atmosphere where you can express your views Discuss,Debate,Disagree and commit to a common goal as we get to work in teams. ", " Day at work : Starts with sorting of work schedule for team and ends with reporting the same to my Manager Learned : The experience stands only and only because of Amazon.com, which includes Handling Team, Healthy SLA's, Monthly Reports to Leadership Team. Management : My management here helped to grow with the type of work they have assigned. Hardest Part of the Job : When i newly trained on Monthly reports rolling out to Leadership team in a short notice of 7 days.  Enjoyable part of the Job: No restrictions in Dress code. ", " Day at work place was busy and interesting. Learned some interacting and communicating skills. Very good management Fun working with the co-workers. Hardest part of the job was targets to be completed. But the good thing was that appreciation was given if the targets are acheived successfully. The most enjoyable part was there were no such kind of pressures so that the employee can work with the free mind and enjoy the work they were doing.  ", " Good Office Facilities with lots of benefits. Long working hours with little work/life balance. Work requires decision makers and people willing to take risk. ", " Amazon provides great benefits and a challenging environment. Work life balance is on a lower side "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " a very good job exposure and valuable resources  \tVendor Coordination  \timplementation of online strategies, web-based resources and existing configuration repairs  \tExecuting Digital Marketing strategy across all businesses globally  \tWorking effectively across marketing disciplines, and cross-functionalise.  \tExecute Audit data, Compliance, Process related data and analysis of competitors. ", " its a very good place to work good growth opportunites friendly environment daily n weekly fun activities cross skill support achievable targets no stress approachable leads and managers ", " A great company to work for. I have started my career with this company and ended up staying there for 5 years due to its work culture and learning opportunities i had got there. ", " good..management is good...my co workers and all very nice to me...the most enjoyable part of the job is fun time with my co workers...if anything hard in job every one help..like work together and make history.. ", " 1.Good Salary and employee benefits but poor work like balance. 2. Good opportunities to grow technically. 3. Good salary ", " At Amazon, we believe in work hard, have fun &amp; create history. And with Amazon Logistics being a start up in India, we did each bit of all that.  As part of my role, I oversaw safe &amp; secure network establishment of delivery network in the region across 20 delivery centers. Each customer shipment is Amazon's promise to customer. &amp; my role is about ensuring safe &amp; secure delivery of Amazon promise.  The team was highly motivated &amp; I learnt a lot from my peers especially towards analytics &amp; rational decision making. I travelled a lot to support my role &amp; had fun too while doing that. ", " Work place at Amazon is really fun loving. You will have all the facilities that you require at your work place. Co-workers are very cooperative. Sometimes there are politics in going to higher positions .Hardest part of the job is need to struggle a lot and lot for next level.Performance and caliber are not the only things that are gauged.Most enjoyable part is celebrating all the events.Most importantly it has high hiring bar. ", " It has been the best place to learn how to be social. I have many good things with me after joining Amazon. And whatever I'm today is because of it. I'm a proud Amazonian. ", " As i was a fresher, Amazon was the first company i ever worked with. It is a fun place, great working environment. Co-workers are fun, understanding and very flexible. Had a great learning experience, learned about product styling and how does an e-commerce run. The most enjoyable part of the work was music while working. ", " Amazon is an Amazing place to work. Its was my first job and it was fun to work at Amazon. Amazon has provided me an exposure on various aspects of work culture. It has provided me with an opportunity to grow and learn. ", " Fun work place with supportive management and colleagues . The most fun parts are the outings.Its the best place to work .really happy to be a part of such organization ", " An environment wherein you are encouraged to think outside the box. You get the complete ownership of your ideas which makes the job interesting and hectic at the same time. ", " Excellent working environment and amazing policies. The best customer tenets and leaders as innovators are the main reason for complies success. ", " I worked for Amazon.com in India as an Investigator-Intern dealing with sensitive seller data on Amazon platform and looking for any possible fraudulent activity, by considering the large data thrown by the system tools regarding their personal and financial whereabouts.   This was the place, where in, Along with training I have proven my learning capabilities, time-management, teamwork, and also the ability in gaining perspective that I believe will continue to help me the rest of my life. ", " Nice friendly culture ! its  fun being at Amazon . Very open culture . no strict environment . only problem is the night shift working hours ", " One of the best place to work, awesome co workers , excellent environment to work in . There would be lots of work but the people in your would never let you feel the pressure, very friendly people . Lots of fun with work. ", " Worked in merchant risk investigation.A typical day would be to maintain SLA, send daily work allocations and daily reports. The management is flexible and understands employee thoroughly and constantly work on improving employee skills by frequent discusssions and trainings and has a 360degree appraisal. The co-workers were helpful in knowledge sharing and give insights on the process and helped me settle in my role. ", " Work is very easy because of the proper installed  modern  electronics and software application to an extent. The uniformity regularty and all good  treatments that a company needed is properly followed. The co-worker  that i  got is extremely  inspirable and helped alot to work hard and to get better result. ", " The day at work used to be all exciting at Amazon and there were new challenges to be faced every day, and the management was supportive to deal with the challenges and to stand as an individual performer. I have worked as a Customer Service Associate where I learned to respond positively to every situation and to optimize the things by taking continuous feed back and communicating with various departments which was a wonderful learning experience. The management have this excellent server full of certifications and new way of methodologies to improve the workplace environment and in which I have been through a handful. The optimistic and equal opportunity creation of the management makes the employees tolerant towards the system as well as the other employees. The hardest part of the job being handling the situations where there the optimization or quick change in a problem solving are not possible. The most enjoyable part of the job is the fun time and the freedom at the workplace and the employer friendly work ethics which makes the job so fun-learning and challenging. ", " Every day is like day one but with lots of improvement and progress. I have learnt management, mentoring and leading a team, flexibility, 24x7 availability for work.Cool management who understands our problems and identifies talent in an employee. co-operative co-workers.Hardest part of the QA job is confirming giving feedback and making people understand why that is an error. enjoyable part is discussing QA projects in a call with people in Seattle. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " everyday in amazon is a new day. The management is friendly and listens to our problems and makes sure it gets sorted at the earliest. There is no hardest part of any job if you love what you are doing. ", " It was quite an experience where I got to learn about corporate culture. It was a challenging. Learnt a lot about team co-ordination, team work and managing to meet deadlines. ", " Investigating the seller accounts on the website and finding risky elements and taking appropriate actions to ensure safe buyer experience ", " Every day is a new day. Customer obsession is the key element at Amazon. Every day will be a challenging day and this will improve the carrier growth. ", " Amazon is my first company where i have been experienced 3 years where i learned about amazon business operations which enhanced my knowledge , no pressure,no work load, fun loving work place.  simply....Amazon is cool place to work. ", " On my birthday party in office Learned many things from the company &amp; coworkers.  Management was too good Coworkers were very supportive and good in nature Was in handling &amp; supporting in the Audits Used to work with team with very friendly and enjoying way ", " I enjoyed all moment throughout my tenure and everybody love to join this company because the work culture over here and environment we have is amazing ", " A very pleasant workplace and which enables us tio learn more about leadership skills . Very good management with supportive and enthusiastic co-workers. A place where no one bosses around or none one compels you what to do. But at end of the day , you are responsible for the work you do.  Hardest part of the job is to identify the root cause of the cases given to us and resolve them. Most enjoyable part is that we are free to do anything right from dress code to work culture , Music , Dance etc. ", " Was excited a Amazon gave me my first job opportunity and it was thrilling and a great place to kick start you career.  But the work load is too much for the salary that they are providing.  Also the recruitment is too much that the designation becomes stagnant.  No much space to breathe and showcase your actual talent. ", " Nice place to work, improved my confidence and communication skills. It also helped me to learn different cultures and interact with different people. ", " It was a technical risk investigator job. My job was to put fraud at bay from the site. It had its perks but it was also monotonous. ", " Very Good Experience.  A very job culture. Lot of Fun activities. Rotational Shifts. Good mentors. Supportive peers. Overall a good Company for a fresher. ", " These are in my initial states. I went in to the company as a entry level java developer for an internship. After I graduated they provided me a full-time job and then I had plans coming US to pursue my masters. ", " I learned communication skill, and I adjust to work in night shift also, co-workers also good and supporting me.but week-off,and leaves is not available. ", " Assisting in Internal Audit Learned many good things : Team work, Time Management, Task Oriented Management was fantastic My Co-workers were very friendly &amp; helping nature  During our Team Outing ", " Each day is new day &amp; new learnin,Gives more oppurtunity to Grow,more support given by managers &amp; co-workers nothing is hard. ", " Work Hard Have Fun Make History, Great learning opportunity, Learning curve never ends at Amazon. It's always day 1 at Amazon, Even after working for 4 years i still feel like its Day 1 at office. Great management. ", " Good work culture, Hard working and really very fast paced environment, working with great minds. Great job to gain valuable experience and growth. There is always something new to learn. Indubitably  amazon has nourished me in and out . ", " There was no any typical day  I was learn about field work  no any hardest part of the job management is not good but staff are good and help full ", " Amazon is still a hard working place -- the company's motto is \"work hard, have fun, make history*,\" and the order of those items is no accident.  It was always Day 1 at Amazon, Lots of learning and chance to implement what you learned. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon Is  best in Salary but There are nothing to learn NEW. I want to learn new work and want to get experience in new work.. ", "  \tTesting of fire phone, kindle device software on several variants of devices.  \tDesigning test plans and deriving test cases for various software components and           new functionality.  \tOutlining performance metrics manually, record bugs and report them.  \tKeeping the track of the project on daily basis for the deadline details.  \tPreparing Test Cases and executing them manually.  \tReporting Bugs and generating test reports.  \tGenerated test cases and was involved in reviewing test cases.  \tGathered test data for testing different components.  \tInvolved in focused bug bashes and exploratory testing.  \tReporting status of testing progress, issues to development team and managers        on a consistent basis.  \tInvolved in OTA testing to ensure OTA to customers does not affect the product.  \tInitiated and implemented process changes to improve the productivity of the         team.  \tInvolved in weekly status reporting and daily stand up meetings.  \tAllocated work among the team on the components to be tested by individuals. ", " Every day is a new day at Amazon.We have to support US employees as a part of our job.I have learned many things like how to behave in corporate,how to move with people,how to prioritize work,delegate work,Time management.Most important thing is to satisfy our customer. ", " - Easy moving with client -Gain good knowledge -good co-operation and understandings between co-workers. -Monthly meetings are hardest part of the job -Weekends ", " Have learnt many things from Amazon.Not only the technical part but  also to manage my work life as well as personal life.Am proud to work in Amazon. ", " a very good job exposure and valuable resources  \tVendor Coordination  \timplementation of online strategies, web-based resources and existing configuration repairs  \tExecuting Digital Marketing strategy across all businesses globally  \tWorking effectively across marketing disciplines, and cross-functionalise.  \tExecute Audit data, Compliance, Process related data and analysis of competitors. ", " Amazing Place to Work.Lovely Environment. No specific dress code. Free stuff. stress free environment. Good competent colleagues. Team work. Understanding staff and managers. ", " Good culture, great people here to work with. Good benefits to employees...also good facilities  However no proper cafeteria and not great food provided ", " Good paymaster in the market, emplyee centric, provides transport, food, allowances.  It is the top retail industry across the globe. ", " Good company but management &amp; managers are poor, they don't have good goal &amp; not a people developers( where I worked), need to improve a lot,,,.... ", " Typical day involves the daily work load supplemented with a fair amount of table tennis and coffee breaks which are incorporated in such a way that it boosts morale and balances the day perfectly. Co workers were and are family. The management was highly supportive and motivational. The hard parts were leaving for the day. The most enjoyable parts were meeting targets and being appreciated for it. ", " Stress free technical team with cool headed managers. I learned more skills in my previous organization like, iMacros, Leadership quality, dive in deep, Initiative, etc., I had well supported peers in my team, we are always helpful so that we can work as good team players. Hardest part of the job was given by stakeholders by giving short deadlines that too very rarely. But as a competitive world, we should be step ahead to stand strongly in market. So the deadlines are not like killer feel. As a tester i was working as a bug hunter many times, it is so enjoyable to break the software and finding many bugs which are critical and giving exact logs to the developers. ", " One will learn on how to email well and deal with different customers, get to know their though process through emails. One can have good time working. ", " It is the place where the tag line of the company is aptly suited WORK HARD HAVE FUN MAKE HISTORY. You have to put your efforts to earn more, Good place for beginners. ", " Working with Amazon can easily be counted as one of the best experiences of my life. Although I had an undergraduate degree in mechanical engineering, I joined Amazon as I wanted to gain first-hand experience regarding the customer service aspect of a business.  Although it was primarily as \"non-technical\" job (i.e not related to engineering), I was amazed to know the extensive software knowledge required (Microsoft excel, access to name a few) to perform the duties of a technical account management associate effectively. This helped me broaden my horizons and to understand what providing quality service truly meant.  Regarding the work culture, Amazon balances business and pleasure perfectly. The motto of the company of course is \"work hard, have fun, make history\". And history it has truly created. Although the work entails spending long hours (A grueling 10-12 hours a day, 5 or 6 days a week), You will yearn to only work more courtesy the amazing work culture of the organization. And of course, with your hard work being duly recognized, it's no wonder that Amazon has consistently been voted one of the best places to work for by both it's current and former employees.  Every young student out there should certainly strive to work for Amazon, as it can be one of the best life lessons one can get. I would definitely be grateful if I get an chance to work for them again post my graduate studies.   As a parting note, always try going the Amazon way. Work hard, have fun, make history. ", " Very good place for work and working culture is to good. Typical Day shift but routine kind of work. In my process i could not able to learn much. Co-workers and Management are good.  My prime interest is on Electronics specifically on Embedded systems. ", " It was really a nice time at this job where I interacted with clients from US, helping them with their queries in email and chat process. ", " The team management in amazon is as such well organized. My team comprises of 8 members working for Amazon's kindle devices. Each person in the team is assigned a specific task well in advance to the commencement of the project. ", " My job profile was Customer service associate.  Amazon is a good place to work on. Since i wanted to continue my higher studies, I left the job and willing to do any job which suits my qualification ", " The company has reached at its brimming point. Promotions are slow. Social life is not so good. Extremely frugal environment. That was about my team. The work culture can vary from team to team. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Professional environment and the managers and leads are very helpful.And partying is up to the mark.The most enjoyable work place. ", " Work culture and ethics are great. Management is excellent. Facilities provided  to employees are good. More over a nice place to work ", " Great company to work for. This company allows people to commit mistakes. It surprised me that people who blundered got away lightly.  A bunch of type A personalities makes this an interesting place. ", " excellence in monotony is known as operations.Extremely true when u work for Amazon.Same work can be refined each and every day and the bar on quality and productivity is impeccably high.Everyone in Amazon can deliver when required. Pretty awesome culture. ", " The work was very cool, and day shift given transport facilities, food coupons. Had engough time for enjoyment. There were no micro management, no dress code.  Hardest part of the job to reach the target. taken out for team lunch, dinner and quarterly team outing was most enjoyable part of the job. ", " I learned a lot on the distributed computing framework which is now a demand for almost every company either small or big. It is good place for developers, but life is a little hectic and sometimes, it becomes an issue to have work life balance. ", " Good company with great atmosphere. Its fine when you are a fresher and as the time passes, Amazon fails to promote you or increase the salary which drastically reduces the performance of the employees. ", "  \tMaintain good relationship with customers through personnel contacts, meeting or via telephone.  \tRecord sales and order information and report the same to the sales department  . ", " It has been the best place to learn how to be social. I have many good things with me after joining Amazon. And whatever I'm today is because of it. I'm a proud Amazonian. ", " We used to work 8 hours a day, with three breaks. I have worked as customer service associate.My work is to compose e-mails and send them to customers in correspondence with their issues. Our work target is 3 e-mails per hour.  I've learnt how to convince the customers with polite english and let them know about their online orders and their status. The management has been very friendly and helpful throughout the work. There's no boss and employee difference. Every one used to be very kind.  During Christmas and New year, orders are very high and we are asked to hit maximum number of e-mails per hour, on an average of 6 e-mails an hour, which is double than the normal days. Weekly performance is analysed and we are awarded based on the performance. Many events and programs are conducted every fortnight and we used to have  a lot of fun. ", " good fun work place, salary not sufficient. a power packed work floor with songs and music, good management flexible to employees needs, co workers and team leaders are really good and very friendly. ", " Amazon is still a hard working place -- the company's motto is \"work hard, have fun, make history*,\" and the order of those items is no accident.  It was always Day 1 at Amazon, Lots of learning and chance to implement what you learned. ", " Amazon was a great company to start with with a great working atmosphere.  Co-workers were very fun loving and I enjoyed working in amazon.   I learnt to maintain cataloq quality of the website ", " Working for amazon was a great experience. I learnt a lot of leadership skills. I was also able to grow and learn with ease and a lot of support from my manager. ", " I like the way the satisfaction of Associates is taken care. Associates are given chance to showcase their talents in various activities conducted.  Management system is appreciable.  Associates can have fun while working.  Scope and growth of an Associate is really good. ", " well and i can best from my side for working in your  company and at present our compan rating in my college is about 67%percentage ", " It is the place where the tag line of the company is aptly suited WORK HARD HAVE FUN MAKE HISTORY. You have to put your efforts to earn more, Good place for beginners. ", " My job profile was Customer service associate.  Amazon is a good place to work on. Since i wanted to continue my higher studies, I left the job and willing to do any job which suits my qualification ", " There is no dress code at amazon which lacks in most of the companies. Learning is very good. Management is very supportive As we had higher management visit to india regularly, it was difficult to prepare presentations every time. ", " Have fun...enjoy...make history!! Customer Support is really tough job but other than that, everything about this company is awesome "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I absolutely loved working and being a part of earth's most customer-centric company. Good work is quickly acknowledged and appreciated by the management. They provide more challenging work and bonuses to employees who perform well. ", " Day at Amazon starts with a list of your task to be completed at EOD. You are required to communicate with many people irrespective of your department which is very helpful. Your co-workers are very helpful and supportive. Amazon is must place to work. ", " Has got a very good brand name. But working in night shifts and going to new places with little intimation became difficult. ", " RESPONSIBILITY- Response led direct marketing Promo marketing, Relationship marketing Contact center solutions Loyalty, Database management Event services Trade program ", " management is great..enjoy the work atmosphere. i learned a lot from this company.hard work, dedication.all co-workers are very helpfull. hardest part was to reach the productivity target.. ", " happy to work with my co employ's and with my manager..pleasant environment to work ", " These guys hiring bar claims they hire better people every year but its just the opposite. horrible HR people who loves to be begged and never friendly. Always getting the employee run around amongst manager's like a typical Govt office. The Management have no clue how the work is but always raising the goal and kick people out and worse? The new joinee is paid is equallant to existing employee who slogged for 2 years. Level 1 manager's are really mean. Take you on one-on-one and ask you all your problems and promise not to share but you get to know the managers meet up and discuss our issues more in a mockery way. ", " Amazon is one of the best companies to work for.The work culture allows people of all levels to come up with their ideas and employees are motivated to lead and make a difference.Everybody is extremely goal oriented and passionate about the E-commerce field. Amazon was the place which made me realize my problem solving capabilities, decision making skills and project management skills. ", " AKE US TO WORK IN NIGHT SHIFTS. GIVES GOOD PAY WITH LESS TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE. WHAT I LEARNT AT  AMAZON IS TO COMMUNICATE TO SPEAK TO LEARN. OVERALL A GOOD COMPANY. ", " Good Company. Nice place to work and learn. Great learning experience. ", " Its a fast paced, goal oriented and employee friendly workplace ", " I wish to express my gratitude for all the professional development received while working here .I will always remember training and whatever . I believe whatever success I achieved in this organization specially from couple of years is because of guidance and support from team.   I am confident that I will utilize the skills and experience that I gained  in my new position ", " Best place to learn and shine in this company. Friendly environment and helpful staff. ", " 1. Great place to learn only if you are interested in discovering new things. 2. More dependent of individual performance team performance is not counted much. 3. You are the boss for the given task but ETA is very important  Overall good place to work ", " Logistics consist of day to day operations in delivery station ", " Roles &amp; Responsibilities:   \tWas a part Pilot Process which was launched in Amazon.com India, which was primarily to investigate and ensure the shipment was successfully fulfilled to our respectively fulfillment centers.  \tManage the operations of Transport of shipments to our fulfillment centers.  \tEnsured correct allocation of resources to meet delivery schedules.  \tCreated a recording and reporting system.  \tSupervised the import and export loads and bulk cargo.  \tManaging the new fellow folks supporting them and constantly encouraging them to work and be productive to the organization. ", " Amazon provides its employees a non restriction work place. Which help the employees in many ways to work comfortably without any stress. ", " Amazon is an awesome company to work in in terms of the in office work culture. ", " I was enrolled into two courses: 1. Summer Training for Core Java Programming Language using Java SE6 at NIIT.t2. Summer Training for Introduction to SQL using Oracle Database 10g at NIIT.  The instructors were great at making you understand not only the many language features but also situations in which they are best applied.  I was able to get oracle-certified for both the above courses as well. ", " Amazon is the best organisation I have worked so far as we can have fun at the work place while working and can learn lot of aspects like time management and team work. Amazon says \"work hard have fun make history\". "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is an awesome place to work for. The ambience, Management and work culture is good. There is a lot of scope for improving skills and learn new things everyday. ", " This phrase \"Work hard, Have Fun and Make History\" always motivated me work hard at the same time have fun and make a history. Amazon is also a very good company with a friendly environment and lot of learning. ", " This phrase \"Work hard, Have Fun and Make History\" always motivated me work hard at the same time have fun and make a history. Amazon is also a very good company with a friendly environment and lot of learning. ", " A great company to work for. I have started my career with this company and ended up staying there for 5 years due to its work culture and learning opportunities i had got there. ", " Good work place for the hard workers. The company has talented co workers. The hardest part of the job is \"On call\". The most enjoyable part of this job was working with my colleagues and learning from them. ", " Itz really nice to work in such a company. Management is very understanding and co-operative.  ", " Working in Amazon is almost like jumping in a sea of knowledge. It is a cool and fun place to work. Amazon very religiously follows its tag line: Work hard, have fun, make history. The work environment is really good which inspires the employees. ", " Excellent place to work at and lead by extremely talented operational heads outside India, but the other factors do play a vital role after a point of time. It indeed is one of the fastest growing company and along the way it has gradually changed its basic priciples in their local offices, which isn't right. ", " On Month ends, Teamwork, Supportive, Friendly, Timings, can learn more things. ", " I learnt a lot in Amazon. My job inckuded:  Leadership and People Management -Communication Skills -Collaboration Skills -Business Management Skills -Finance Skills -Relationship Management -Project Management Skills -Training and development -Raising the standards ", " Working for amazon was a great experience. I learnt a lot of leadership skills. I was also able to grow and learn with ease and a lot of support from my manager. ", " everyday in amazon is a new day. The management is friendly and listens to our problems and makes sure it gets sorted at the earliest. There is no hardest part of any job if you love what you are doing. ", " well and i can best from my side for working in your  company and at present our compan rating in my college is about 67%percentage ", " i enjoyed very much with all my staff members and i learned very much things in my company with the comfortable confiiction. ", " The company is the best of the beginners. Give an ample time and opportunities to grow and understand the BPO culture. Lovely environment to work and maintain balance between personal life and professional life. ", " Every day is a new day at Amazon.We have to support US employees as a part of our job.I have learned many things like how to behave in corporate,how to move with people,how to prioritize work,delegate work,Time management.Most important thing is to satisfy our customer. ", " I like the way the satisfaction of Associates is taken care. Associates are given chance to showcase their talents in various activities conducted.  Management system is appreciable.  Associates can have fun while working.  Scope and growth of an Associate is really good. ", " One of the best places to start of a smooth career for a fresher. A work environment with a limitless boundary of imagination and drive. ", " Typical day at work is hassle free. Learned how to deal with critical situations. Management is not good. Co-workers are good. Less transparency in management decisions. ", " Really amazon contains awesome work culture. We can work hard have fun makes history "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " good place to work and great work environment, company standers and the culture is good. learning wise the scope is little less if compare with other companies but realistic and practice mission oriented. ", " - Good opportunity to learn a lot in a particular area.    - A chance to make a huge difference   - A place where you can learn a lot about all kinds of things, both technical and about yoursel ", " Even after working for 8 years, every Amazonian feels Day One because the zeal and eagerness to learn new things doesn't die. The same was my experience. Working for Amazon made me learn new thing everyday  and took my to great heights. ", " Your day is jam packed with daily operations and scoping improvements. You engage with different teams for solutions by collaborations. Environment makes you work on your own, figure out the way for a problem your own way. You can be creative and your ideas will be appreciated. Amazing workplace if you are a workaholic. ", " Good Office Facilities with lots of benefits. Long working hours with little work/life balance. Work requires decision makers and people willing to take risk. ", " The job done in the Retail Business Services for a catalog associate is to create ASINs for the products available on site. And maintaining the huge Database. Documentation of the listed products and make necessary changes if required. My shifted started at 8:30 A.M and ends at 5:30.  Very good company to work with lot of fun at work and every quarter outings. ", " lot to play with colors and images  been expert to color author the images and produce high end level of target images based on amazon standards.  proficient in various techniques like, pattern work, stitches, logos and extra details of the product like tags.  As a team quite enjoyable environment to play and have fun at the same time prove the ownership and responsibilities ", " Amazon as such is a great place to work. You get to work with some of the brightest minds around a typical day at work is not without challenges that can test your abilities to the core.  Amazon has a very advanced and complex operating technology platform which makes it a perfect place to learn and grow. ", " Publishing Work Have learnt to more deep dive and take ownership of things and lead others Very co-operative and willingness to learn Customer obsession and vendor calling Setting up items for vendors on our own on site ", " typical day would be filled with assignments to finish. learning everyday with assignments is the fun part. management is new and understanding. a great place to work ..hardest part being the fast shift changes. else all is good ", " Worked as Transactor in Transaction Risk Management Services  good organisation. ", " Amazon.com is a very good company and job culture of this company is also good. that's why, i didn't get any typical day at my work. From Amazon.com, I have learned that how to work in MNC Company. My self confidence is also increase. ", " Responsibilities: 1. Confer with customers over telephone in order to provide information about products and services, to take orders or cancel accounts, or to obtain details of complaints. 2. Keep records of customer interactions and transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, and comments, as well as actions taken. 3. Resolve customers' service or billing complaints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise, refunding money, and adjusting bills. 4. Check to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems. 5. Contact customers in order to respond to inquiries or to notify them of claim investigation results and any planned adjustments. 6. Refer unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation. ", " To identify fraud patterns and Modus operandi(s) that would have a direct impact on the bottom line / bad debt rate for amazon.com.  Take appropriate action on investigated transactions based on established SOPs and tools.  Document the actions by providing detailed annotations.  Communicate with customers, financial institutions, and law enforcement agencies via telephone and e-mail if required for a given   To adhere to SLA and maintain the workflow.  Maintain the required Quality and Productivity metrics for the process. ", " Cab facility is a plus Compensation is too low, even if you are the top performer Work timings is an added advantage ", " First of all i would like to be proud to get selected one among 470+ candidates in interview.. As it was at my final semester I prefered this contract based work..  I got a nice team.. Friendly co-workers &amp; Easy pipeline and SOP to follow.. Entirely an power pack support with team leads..    Nice njoyment during birthdays and carnivals.. Best performance awards and appraisals monthly.. ", " Ware house operations design and process mapping Develop highly acclaimed inbound logistic activity with no prior experience ", " Fun place to work and brilliant work culture. Also provides you a good oppertunity to grow within the company. ", " \uf0fe\tPrimary function as a Key Accounts Manager (end to end operations) for watches category.  \uf0fe\tB2B, B2C Sales, Supply Chain management, Marketing, Vendor Management \uf0fe\tSetting up of products on the Amazon website. \uf0fe\tEnsuring the quality of the product pages in meeting of Amazon standards. \uf0fe\tReviewing the competition for prices. \uf0fe\tRolling out price, stock &amp; promotion reports. \uf0fe\tSupply chain management which included coordinating with the sellers and Amazon warehouse team for inflow of the goods. \uf0fe\tIdentifying reasons for customer returns and working on the remedy action.  \uf0fe\tRemoval orders of goods to the sellers due to damage in the products.  \uf0fe\tTraining the new employees in the same role on end to end process of the function. ", " Hi i am really  happy to witness the wonderful year i had with my fellow workers at amazon.co.uk. There the working atmosephere was very good with the taleneted managers and team leads. so i could rate top for over all. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " People Management, Coaching Learnt about E-commerce Management is good Co-workers were good There are always opportunity for improvement Everything ", " I really enjoyed working at Amazon. My Co-Workers have been just like a family. ", " Itz really nice to work in such a company. Management is very understanding and co-operative.  ", " Good company to learn and contribute. Great peers and great projects. Stable company. Encourages diversity. Strong revenue and outlook. ", " &gt; Good place &gt; good colleagues &gt; quality technology stack &gt; Quality mangament ", " I enjoyed a lot working there. I was capable to have a good balance between my job and me.I was able to make myself strong technically. ", " Good company to work, Good Support from the seniors, No much scope for Learning and Development of Skills. Salarywise ok good ", " We work hard, have fun and make history at Amazon.  It is Employee friendly company, where employees are given more importance and safety is always there. ", " Good work place for the hard workers. The company has talented co workers. The hardest part of the job is \"On call\". The most enjoyable part of this job was working with my colleagues and learning from them. ", " I have learnt how to analyze the Fraudulent activities taking place on Credit Cards, also to keep the customers satisfy which is the main motto of Amazon.com. Each individual is answerable for their own work, so makes each one of us responsible. Co workers are the best in this company. Better than any other place. Hardest part of the job being in different shifts every quarter, being unable to plan an outing with colleagues due to shifts/offs being different.  ", " Interesting work environment with supportive and helpful management and co-workers. ", " I love the culture in Amazon No work stress Work with full involvement Super support by the seniors ", " Company Standards is Out Standing , i feel very Proud that I have been worked part of Days in AMAZON.COM, Really wonderfull experience ", " It is a great place to start a career, A good team and nice set of colleagues.  Managers are friendly and approachable.  Benefit to employess ", " An accounts payable department has many responsibilities to fulfill to ensure that payments to suppliers are made on time and the needs for flexibility in the organization  The vendor maintenance team is charged with the maintenance of the vendor database, an electronic means of storing information about vendors who supply goods and services to the Company.  A vendor's record must exist in the database before a procurement transaction can be completed for the vendor ", " it was great experience working here.great culture ,freedom and openess but lack in professionalism and ethics ", " nice place to work, good culture and ethics chance to learn and perform. ", " Good company but management &amp; managers are poor, they don't have good goal &amp; not a people developers( where I worked), need to improve a lot,,,.... ", " Ware house operations design and process mapping Develop highly acclaimed inbound logistic activity with no prior experience ", " Amazon is fun place to work where i learn a lot each and every single day. My job role is of Site Merchandising where i run different campaigns as per demand from the customer and the market. Previous to this i was in operations team where in i was on pilot project name EZ-Connect where customers can easily get the lowest price of household items like TV, washing machine, AC's and mobile phones through us. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " There are lot of fun activities conducted to make us feel relaxed. We have daily meetings before the start of the shift. ", " Within one and half years of my experience in amazon company. i got so many new knowledge about E book and management skill, so with my warm regard to thanks all the team member of amazon LTD . ", " This where I understood the true meaning of Logistics and warehouse management and the challenge involving in support through online portals. The medium of exchange was highly through cases posted by the sellers and through emails. The scope to improve the process was good and I took the advantage to save a good number for Amazon. The work atmosphere is incredible - every day was a Friday. ", " Amazon has a great work culture and Employee favoritism. It's a nice place to work. ", " Day at work : Starts with sorting of work schedule for team and ends with reporting the same to my Manager Learned : The experience stands only and only because of Amazon.com, which includes Handling Team, Healthy SLA's, Monthly Reports to Leadership Team. Management : My management here helped to grow with the type of work they have assigned. Hardest Part of the Job : When i newly trained on Monthly reports rolling out to Leadership team in a short notice of 7 days.  Enjoyable part of the Job: No restrictions in Dress code. ", " it was good experience. i learned different skills rather than what i learned before . management was very good/ co-workers are not experienced as per the job profile hardest part of the job is attending con-call meeting last for more than a hour. most enjoyable part of the job is work with sales team leader and executives in the market field. ", " It is a great company to work with. Always fun at work with lot of challenging work. Great exposure at work and everyone gets an opportunity to learn a lot. Support from management is to high extent ", " great place. growth opportunity is less for level lesser than a manager ", " Taking dual chats on a daily basis retail as well as kindle Keeping your points or views in a pleasant way to people without hurting their emotions Joy to work with  Nothing as such Chatting with customers ", " Amazon is one of the best companies we would like to work with. The work environment is amazing with all multi talented individuals. This company give us the freedom to think and work as the tag line of the company Work Hard, Have Fun and Make History. ", " Target's where sent, so a typical day at work is always on finishing the given targets  I have learned to perform fast with good reliability in working when a target is given to me.  Management is very good and supportive.  Co-workers are friendly and helping.  Hardest part of the job when the Target is not achieved for the day. The most enjoyable part of the job is when the company takes us for outing when the Overall Targets are achieved. ", " More fun at work more knowledge can gained regarding the online shopping ", " I learned all management skills. My co workers are very helpful. ", " It was my dream job. I enjoyed my work. Apart from work I had lot of fun. The atmosphere at Amazon was simply rocking. I'd a good rapport with the management team. The hardest part of the job was my contract ended after 4 months which I was unable to digest. My motto in life is never give up and keep trying ", " This was a very different job then I am use to, It was also done on a seasonal basis. Everyone is pushed to work has fast has you can so a typical day there is work hard and fast, very quiet except for all of the machines running . Most of the Management was very helpful. You only see co-workers in passing or on breaks they are hard workers no one really gets to know anyone. The fast pace for 12hrs. is hard to get use to. ", " Seriously, the best part of my job is without a doubt the people that I work with. Everyone is always ready to help and encourage one another. That has definitely helped me become a more confident person.Is having the freedom to express myself \u2013 to laugh when I need to de-stress; to speak and actually be heard, and to perform not just because I\u2019m paid to do it but because I\u2019m inspired to be the best. ", " Great work experience and work ethics. Friendly Work Culture and Environment. All together a good place for starters. ", " I worked for Amazon.com in India as an Investigator-Intern dealing with sensitive seller data on Amazon platform and looking for any possible fraudulent activity, by considering the large data thrown by the system tools regarding their personal and financial whereabouts.   This was the place, where in, Along with training I have proven my learning capabilities, time-management, teamwork, and also the ability in gaining perspective that I believe will continue to help me the rest of my life. ", " Great company to work for. This company allows people to commit mistakes. It surprised me that people who blundered got away lightly.  A bunch of type A personalities makes this an interesting place. ", " Great technologies. Awesome learning. Abundant feedback You will learn a lot. You may problems with work life balance "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I am proud to an Amazonian for a year. Company is excellent and full of Support and Learning.  The Excellence in Customer Service.  Their Leadership principle is most important and wonderful experience and learning  for my career. ", " I've learned people management skills and many leadership principles in Amazon from my Managers ", "  \tMaintain good relationship with customers through personnel contacts, meeting or via telephone.  \tRecord sales and order information and report the same to the sales department  . ", " I have been working in Amazon for almost 15 months now. Best part of working with Amazon is its 14 Leadership Principles &amp; how my daily work and life revolves around it.  Excellent Management Team, which promotes good ideas, healthy discussions for greater good &amp; everyday is a new day filled with learnings from Customers, Sellers, Peers &amp; DRs  Most enjoyable part of my job is to Manage People &amp; Deal with different teams which helps me develop my Stakeholder Management skills and People Development skills  Hardest part of Job - Taking few difficult decisions which impacts others ", " Very good company in terms of person &amp; work,good benefits &amp; immediate action on any help required in a very good manner,Management in each department is very good &amp; happy to work here ", " Amazon is known for the best ever customer service company. It's starts with customer and work backwards. ", " Amazing place to work. Managers were so friendly and approachable at anytime. Frequent time outings, fun committees and constant  team building games motivates the employees and reduces stress. ", " Day to day work is regarding content creation, population of content from various sources (including research on the internet), interacting / co-ordinating with vendor / manufacturers, identifying and correcting errors / complaints to enhance customer satisfaction.Flexibility at work . ", " A good company to learn a lot. Wants full dedication from employees. Good work culture. ", " Good to work with amazon.com. It is everyone's dream company to do our work. ", " \uf0fc\tSourcing profiles using Job portal. \uf0fc\tSourcing of relevant candidates through talent search, networking and references. \uf0fc\tMaking extensive searches to fulfil the requirements. \uf0fc\tResponsible for sourcing and resume generation. \uf0fc\tShort listing relevant profiles as per client specifications and briefing the candidates on the company and their job role. \uf0fc\tAfter identifying qualified candidates, describe company profiles, verifying and evaluating the consultant\u2019s experience, status details and reference checks. \uf0fc\tScreening and Short listing of CV\u2019s, interview, interviewing the short listed candidates and follow up actions there after till its closure. \uf0fc\tDealing with all aspects of the recruitment process right from taking the recruitment brief, to the final selection and handholding. \uf0fc\tCoordinating with clients and candidates for arranging interviews and also involving with the client for the final selection of the candidate. \uf0fc\tTo manage the recruitment administrative process including tracking of applications, offers of employment etc. \uf0fc\tIndividual contributor in generating revenues on monthly basis \uf0fc\tHandle a  of Team 6 members, responsible for their performance and generating revenue as a team \uf0fc\tDeveloping and maintaining of database on the basis for immediate and future requirement. \uf0fc\tManaged a good network of candidates and virtual database. \uf0fc\tCreating and maintaining records of all the joiners. \uf0fc\tCross checking and maintaining the records of all the supporting documents of the candidates like education certificates, experience, relieving certificates etc.  ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> \uf0fc\tMaintaining the data base of all the clients. ", " One of the best place to work and to know about the work culture of the different geographical locations.  Employees can learn many things from Amazon in the terms of knowledge and work.  Work environment is absolutely friendly and the co-employees are cooperative. ", " its a great company to work with. learned great thing like team work, ", " Amazon is probably the best place to start your career. This company will help understand the working of the corporate world with a perfect balance of hard-work and fun. It is this unique balance which provides a very rich learning experience. ", " It is an amazing place to work with. A person who can prove their competencies can grow very quick. ", " The ways of doing things is very peculiar that is why it is called a Peculiar company. Learned a lot from the environment and colleagues in terms of team work, project completion, customer obsession. ", " 1.review compitetors website mapp their products on daily bases 2.learnt alot abt online stores both US and Indian markets #co Workers were all young vibarant ", " Role &amp; Responsibilities:  \uf0a7\tWorking as Executive assistant to ECP India team (ecommerce platform) \u2013 Reporting to a Sr. Manager. \uf0a7\tSupporting complete ECP India team of 300+ with all the administrative tasks.   \uf0a7\tRepresenting the ECP team by welcoming visitors, reviewing correspondence; arranging company dinners and other corporate functions; answering questions and meeting requests directed to the ECP Org. \uf0a7\tPublishes the corporate newsletter by gathering information; preparing and editing articles; designing graphic presentation; producing and distributing. \uf0a7\tHelps key executives make consistent decisions by advising them of historical precedents; serving as liaison between them and the ORG VP. \uf0a7\tArranges corporate travel and meetings by developing itineraries and agendas; scheduling the corporate jet; booking other transportation; arranging lodging and meeting accommodations. \uf0a7\tCompletes projects and special assignments by establishing objectives; determining priorities; managing time; gaining cooperation of others; monitoring progress; problem-solving; making adjustments to plans. \uf0a7\tUpdates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations. \uf0a7\tImproves quality results by studying, evaluating, and re-designing processes; implementing changes. \uf0a7\tEnhances leadership teams and corporation's reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. \uf0a7\tHandling and running ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> Leadership meetings \u2013 Scheduling, Taking Minutes, Action items, Publishing in SharePoint and Tracking till closures. \uf0a7\tRepresenting the executive by attending meetings in the executive's absence; speaking for the executive. \uf0a7\tMaintains customer confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential. \uf0a7\tSecures information by completing data base backups. \uf0a7\tMaintains office supplies inventory by checking stock to determine inventory level; anticipating needed supplies; evaluating new office products; placing and expediting orders for supplies; verifying receipt of supplies. \uf0a7\tEnsures operation of equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements; following manufacturer's instructions; troubleshooting malfunctions; calling for repairs; maintaining equipment inventories; evaluating new equipment and techniques \uf0a7\tWorking on 3 Major projects apart from EA job profile \u2013 Software development Recruiting, ECP NHO and ECP SharePoint. \uf0a7\tHandling complete team yearly budgets (Morale, training, Traveling etc.) \uf0a7\tScheduling Quarterly ECP All hands (SEA, India &amp; China locations) \uf0a7\tScheduling fun Team outings and Leadership offsites.   \uf0a7\tHandling Branding / Advertising of ECP within organization. \uf0a7\tHandling complete procurements (IT and Non IT). \uf0a7\tHandling complete Amazon tech events \u2013 organized 3 successful events (Tech Family day, Tech Peak Party and tech Awards Night) ", " A typical day at work would include coordinating with vendors in the creation of products on the Amazon website. I learnt a lot of great things in amazon such as time management, ownership and most of all to have fun while you work hard. My co-workers were very friendly, helpful and very enthusiastic. The most enjoyable part of the job was that there is no limit when it comes to learning new processes and technilogies. ", " Learned how to be professional, worked for 9 hours in a day and used to stretch 2 hours extra whenever there was business requirement . "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Good work environment for people who are exited to work and learn parallel.  Zero tolerance on Integrity Good work culture Have adequate work load and cannot spend Idle time keeps self active ", " This is what we do at amazon. The managers are there to help you out. You have your own flexibility to work the way you like.  Flexible and encouraging environment ", " I would say it's a great company that every top notch people should work in their career ", " I really enjoyed working at Amazon. My Co-Workers have been just like a family. ", " GOOD JOB. NICE AMBIENCE. NICE WORKING PLACE. GOOD LEARNING PLATFORM ", " The company is the best of the beginners. Give an ample time and opportunities to grow and understand the BPO culture. Lovely environment to work and maintain balance between personal life and professional life. ", " * Awesome mangement * fun place  * ease at work * loved working every moment ", " The best of working with Amazon.com was gaining ample of learning experience. Other than learning work related things, I gained stress handling, time management and analytic skills.   The management proactively took part in making sure that they every employee was comfortable with work. As a part of this, they conducted one on one's, meetings and addressed all the concerns.  Team effort is a great thing that Amazon teaches everyone. Co workers were always helpful in making sure that work place is not always filled with stress. There was always a friendly atmosphere.   The most enjoyable part of the job was Funstars. Thanks to the management for creating sum fun in heavy stress time. ", " Good leadership values and smart technical solutions. Many opportunities to grow and implement innovative ideas. ", " Good company to work as per my experience. Worked for Amazon - Hyderabad ", " Learning about the Report Analyzing. Learning how to handle a team. ", " Great place to work, especially to start off your career with a company like Amazon.com is a good boost and learning experience. It nurtures fresh talent, lets them explore and experiment with their own style and technique. In fact it encourages you to grow in your own way by using your own style while at work. Supportive and talented people around who inspire you to perform better each day. Every day at Amazon.com would feel like your first day, the same freshness, enthusiasm, opportunities at work which encourage you to  give your best at each step,   The best part about my job was candidate interaction on their first day of work. It gave me a sense of pleasure when new joiners walked up to us to thank us for our efforts in recruiting them at their dream company. It gave me a sense of satisfaction and was my reward to the hard work that went into recruiting top talent for the company. ", " It's very good place to work. The environment was very lively and energetic, and it never felt as a typical office work, seemed more to be a fun place, with loads of activities (fun sessions) that never kept us stress out.  Learnt a lot of morality &amp; corporate communication at the same time well-beingness with colleagues.  Hardest part was convincing customers who use to purchase products from 3rd party sellers, since the product &amp; purchase policy belongs to a particular seller which cannot be amendable by Amazon, unless it violated basic customer service from their end.  Most enjoyable part, is that you can hear to music and work, dance to the glory and work.  Make fun &amp; work, but dont always have fun.  Amazon = fun + Work + output ", " The work hours are flexible. I was a Imaging associate at Amazon. It's really fun to work here. People are very helpful. There is no management oversight at all. The hardest part of the job is strict deadlines ", " Amazon is the wonderful organisation to work with. Amazing culture, I was thrilled with the way they handle their customer, a real customer obsessed company I must say. ", " Awesome place to work. Great culture ,the work environment is so electrical which makes you to be creative and set higher goals. The most enjoyable part is the great challenges and simple and effective solutions from the minds. ", " Good company to work, Good Support from the seniors, No much scope for Learning and Development of Skills. Salarywise ok good ", " Work in Amazon is more of fun and challenging. The Management is diversified, its not under one person. Every employee does work at the same time have fun with colleagues. Fun at work is the enjoyable part of job. ", " Amazon true customer obsession company. Work Hard Have Fun Make history is the true headlines that company provides to its employees ", " it was fun working there. but not much growth in the company. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Always eager to put efforts and perform New things to learn always Good cafeteria and ambiance ", " There is lot of opportunity to grow. You will be thrilled to work with lot of Techies around you. If you join as a fresher then you can learn lot of things from your seniors. ", " good Tell us about:  a typical day at work what you learned management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job DO NOT include any personally identifiable information, such as names ", " I have learned many things about E-commerce Transportation logistic     and also life Safety and Security. ", " Amazon is a great place to work we believe in world class customer service and our customer is always right. I manage Chat and E-Mail process and help my customers on daily basis to help them resolve queries and escalations chats and E-mails. ", " very good work culture, frequent client interactions.started with a team of 20 members now it has grown up to 500 seater good to know. ", " Ensuring the policies are implemented Principles of I take charge Working together with team &amp; co-workers Ensuring the policies are adhere ", " The past one year has been great from a learning perspective. Amazon is a great company to work with. ", " Great company to work with. Work culture was really good. Great people. Profile was not career oriented. ", " My day as a quality analyst started with a team meeting where i briefed my team of twenty Process Associates on what regions and product categories they need to set up marketing strategies on. Then the day involved meeting with clients, suppliers getting approvals on the marketing strategies suggested by my team. Handling the productivity and quality of my team was my prime goal responsibility. The management had an open door policy and the hierarchy was well defined. We could approach anyone if we had ideas or issues. Colleagues at amazon were fun, we used to have fun Fridays and ice breaking sessions to keep the fun environment on the floor. I particularly never felt that my job is hard at any point of time because I work with passion. My passion helped me tackle all obstacles. The best part of my job was that it was not limited, I had the freedom to explore and do whatever was required to drive the business to profits. ", " First day of my job was very difficult to me because every thing is new for me I have learned so many things from amazon.com diffrent  regions like uk us Germany France Management was good ", " Always discovering Reinventing Customer obsession Huge presence in Developed countries Started in India ", " Learnt a lot technically  Interesting projects to work on Worked with the smart people Good pay! ", " Amazon.com, a great place to work, a great culture is followed over there. Nature of work is quite easy, i have learned to be patient and able to think twice before jumping into a conclusion and making wrong decisions, a very helpful environment, supporting and understanding managers. I would like to be a part of similar kind of company in future ", " At my first day at work, I was amazed the people were working here, laughing smiling and enjoying their work. That day I understood, here work is important but happiness within is more important.   From that day, with the same values, I started working with my complete focus and dedication and trust me it made my professional aptitude more stronger than ever.   I learned here the most important ethics of  any profession, that  is to socialize  and make friends. I believe if you cant make friends at your workplace, you wont be able to give the best of your efficiency, because to work anywhere you need dependency and without a good trust over the collegues/management you wont be able to perform the best.   At Amazon, its a friendly environment, where people are happy to help (I received utmost help and support at the initial stages of my work) and hence since joining I never felt isolated or new to the place.   Amazon is a lovely place to work and have fun. ", " People Management, Coaching Learnt about E-commerce Management is good Co-workers were good There are always opportunity for improvement Everything ", " Versatile Learning is not encouraged much with the process we deal with as it is the same routine files you work, the every other day but that's comprehended by the pressure less management and the best work culture that makes the employees work at ease. I admired my manager at her work and wondered her skills of making even an interest-less worker to perform and achieve their targets and learnt the importance of hiking up the work life. Cool work culture, no dress code and the air conditioned cabs are the better previlleges cosidered. ", " Achieving day to day targets, Problem solving skill, Fun filled but very productive environment, various cultures, decision making, performance notified. ", " On Month ends, Teamwork, Supportive, Friendly, Timings, can learn more things. ", " A very challenging and drive-thru culture, really working hard and having fun here "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Excellent Working Atmosphere Learning About Management Concept and Recruiting Cycle Allocating the Man Power Positive Approach ", " Good company to work, take care of employees very well, and meet expectation. ", " We can learn many new things and can explore our self globally  within the organization. ", " I am a customer service associate and here my job is to handle all the queries of the customers. I've learned a lot of things here by having interaction with customers and solve their queries all over the world. My management is good especially my lead and my manager are very helpful in every aspect. My co workers are cooperative. The hardest part of my job was when my lead didn't come to the office and I had to work as his back up by assisting my other co workers. As the motto of the company says work hard have fun make history. We used to enjoy while working. ", " As being a Chinese language expert could easily translate and interpret  Chinese content and also learn IT security &amp; ethical hacking. ", " Failure and quality analysis for Amazon Kindle ebooks. Friendly co-workers, flexible manager are all assets which helps in achieving the daily task  and productivity. ", " There is no such a typical day at work. Everyday was like a first day at the office and would enjoy the work. My only concern was regarding the shift timings and week offs as I am looking for a complete day shift job with a saturday and sunday week off. ", " Best place to be in. It was a privilege working in amazon. It was enjoyable at the same time a learning experience. ", " A Very good company to work with for freshers as well as experienced. ", " The work was very cool, and day shift given transport facilities, food coupons. Had engough time for enjoyment. There were no micro management, no dress code.  Hardest part of the job to reach the target. taken out for team lunch, dinner and quarterly team outing was most enjoyable part of the job. ", " the job is simple dont require any specific skills.  The Amazon Development Centre India Pvt Ltd is an excellent place to work. I must say the benefits are not provided by any other company in Hyderabad except for Google, I think. I feel lucky to having experience working with the Top Notch Companies in the World. ", " Fun filled day at work Learned about supply chain system and how it works Played a major role in developing business Think out of box ", " Work hard. Have fun. Make history.  Facilities are good. Get paid for your hard work. ", " Working in Amazon is almost like jumping in a sea of knowledge. It is a cool and fun place to work. Amazon very religiously follows its tag line: Work hard, have fun, make history. The work environment is really good which inspires the employees. ", " Amazon was a great place to work at. I love training and Amazon gave me a great opportunity to grow in the company. ", " At Amazon every single day is new existing day. Full of hard work and freedom.  My co-workers are the best-ones, very supporting, fun-loving people.  Management is awesome, very supportive, does not dominate at all and gives lots of opportunity and freedom to show skills and ideas.  Working at Amazon means \"Work Hard, Have Fun &amp; Make History\", which is absolutely true. ", " Award for good employee and 0% defect in Quality. Have joined as operator, after in a month have became L2 operator among 150 members in Night shift. Have studied Russian lang. Level 2, Level 3 is going on. ", " the most enjoyable and memorable part of the job. there is a good management in the work. ", " It is a company that identifies and rewards its employees appropriately. But the level of effort to put it way higher than any other company known. ", " It was my pleasure to work with Amazon.com as the work environment was the best in the market when compared to the other employers.   Citigroup had a very different work culture and we were supposed to meet our targets on a daily basis. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " - Good opportunity to learn a lot in a particular area.    - A chance to make a huge difference   - A place where you can learn a lot about all kinds of things, both technical and about yoursel ", " Good to work with amazon.com. It is everyone's dream company to do our work. ", " AKE US TO WORK IN NIGHT SHIFTS. GIVES GOOD PAY WITH LESS TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE. WHAT I LEARNT AT  AMAZON IS TO COMMUNICATE TO SPEAK TO LEARN. OVERALL A GOOD COMPANY. ", " 1.review compitetors website mapp their products on daily bases 2.learnt alot abt online stores both US and Indian markets #co Workers were all young vibarant ", " Amazing place to work. Managers were so friendly and approachable at anytime. Frequent time outings, fun committees and constant  team building games motivates the employees and reduces stress. ", " learned how to mingle with typical and irrated customers and co-workers are very friendly. Fun place at work no pressure while working. ", " Failure and quality analysis for Amazon Kindle ebooks. Friendly co-workers, flexible manager are all assets which helps in achieving the daily task  and productivity. ", " Role &amp; Responsibilities:  \uf0a7\tWorking as Executive assistant to ECP India team (ecommerce platform) \u2013 Reporting to a Sr. Manager. \uf0a7\tSupporting complete ECP India team of 300+ with all the administrative tasks.   \uf0a7\tRepresenting the ECP team by welcoming visitors, reviewing correspondence; arranging company dinners and other corporate functions; answering questions and meeting requests directed to the ECP Org. \uf0a7\tPublishes the corporate newsletter by gathering information; preparing and editing articles; designing graphic presentation; producing and distributing. \uf0a7\tHelps key executives make consistent decisions by advising them of historical precedents; serving as liaison between them and the ORG VP. \uf0a7\tArranges corporate travel and meetings by developing itineraries and agendas; scheduling the corporate jet; booking other transportation; arranging lodging and meeting accommodations. \uf0a7\tCompletes projects and special assignments by establishing objectives; determining priorities; managing time; gaining cooperation of others; monitoring progress; problem-solving; making adjustments to plans. \uf0a7\tUpdates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations. \uf0a7\tImproves quality results by studying, evaluating, and re-designing processes; implementing changes. \uf0a7\tEnhances leadership teams and corporation's reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. \uf0a7\tHandling and running ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> Leadership meetings \u2013 Scheduling, Taking Minutes, Action items, Publishing in SharePoint and Tracking till closures. \uf0a7\tRepresenting the executive by attending meetings in the executive's absence; speaking for the executive. \uf0a7\tMaintains customer confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential. \uf0a7\tSecures information by completing data base backups. \uf0a7\tMaintains office supplies inventory by checking stock to determine inventory level; anticipating needed supplies; evaluating new office products; placing and expediting orders for supplies; verifying receipt of supplies. \uf0a7\tEnsures operation of equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements; following manufacturer's instructions; troubleshooting malfunctions; calling for repairs; maintaining equipment inventories; evaluating new equipment and techniques \uf0a7\tWorking on 3 Major projects apart from EA job profile \u2013 Software development Recruiting, ECP NHO and ECP SharePoint. \uf0a7\tHandling complete team yearly budgets (Morale, training, Traveling etc.) \uf0a7\tScheduling Quarterly ECP All hands (SEA, India &amp; China locations) \uf0a7\tScheduling fun Team outings and Leadership offsites.   \uf0a7\tHandling Branding / Advertising of ECP within organization. \uf0a7\tHandling complete procurements (IT and Non IT). \uf0a7\tHandling complete Amazon tech events \u2013 organized 3 successful events (Tech Family day, Tech Peak Party and tech Awards Night) ", " Hunt for new stores and do opreations related work including delivery and return back of goods given to store retailers. ", " This is what we do at amazon. The managers are there to help you out. You have your own flexibility to work the way you like.  Flexible and encouraging environment ", " The ways of doing things is very peculiar that is why it is called a Peculiar company. Learned a lot from the environment and colleagues in terms of team work, project completion, customer obsession. ", " fun place to work and willingness to learn new things and the most enjoyable part of the job is  to communicate with people abroad. ", " It was a technical risk investigator job. My job was to put fraud at bay from the site. It had its perks but it was also monotonous. ", " It was really a nice time at this job where I interacted with clients from US, helping them with their queries in email and chat process. ", " Amazon is a very ompany where you can have fun and enjoy a lot without any stress ", " Amazon provides its employees a non restriction work place. Which help the employees in many ways to work comfortably without any stress. ", " Each day is new day &amp; new learnin,Gives more oppurtunity to Grow,more support given by managers &amp; co-workers nothing is hard. ", " Award for good employee and 0% defect in Quality. Have joined as operator, after in a month have became L2 operator among 150 members in Night shift. Have studied Russian lang. Level 2, Level 3 is going on. ", " Value employees and rewards the hardwork.  Unique rules, no stress on employees.  Immense opportunities to grow if interested. ", " The environment is good to learn new things and a great place to start carrer. There s friendly relationationship all over. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The targets are kind off hectic. I did not get to learn much about what i was doing but got an opportunity to work on different projects and learn other things apart from the actual process but it is completely a fun place to work with. The hardest part of the job would be few leads there and the most enjoyable ones are the people.  ", " it was a very good experience working with that team and management. ", " There is no dress code at amazon which lacks in most of the companies. Learning is very good. Management is very supportive As we had higher management visit to india regularly, it was difficult to prepare presentations every time. ", " Had an Awesome work experience. I became a Self motivated, young individual who learnt, meet challenges and contributed voluntarily for the company.Was capable of satisfying the superiors to the greatest extent.Proved my professional ability and enhanced my career in that esteemed organization. ", " excellence in monotony is known as operations.Extremely true when u work for Amazon.Same work can be refined each and every day and the bar on quality and productivity is impeccably high.Everyone in Amazon can deliver when required. Pretty awesome culture. ", " End of the day, I was satisfied with my job at Amazon - an awesome place to work ", " good to work with the company can learn few good things like fluently can speak English, communication with the leads and managers. ", " I enjoyed a lot working there. I was capable to have a good balance between my job and me.I was able to make myself strong technically. ", " I like the way the satisfaction of Associates is taken care. Associates are given chance to showcase their talents in various activities conducted.  Management system is appreciable.  Associates can have fun while working.  Scope and growth of an Associate is really good. ", " It was great to be a part of Amazon. Looking forward to find a similar one. ", " Work here is an average of 9 hours per day. Great learning and insight into e-commerce. Understanding of the fraud and backend processing of e-commerce orders. Great work culture and Flat organization, informal work culture. ", " Amazon does not emphasize on dress code. I learnt a lot while being an Amazonian which includes work life balance, working on multiple projects, team management etc. ", " It's been a steep learning curve for me over at Amazon since I had minimal industry exposure as a college grad. Amazonians are hard-working and inspiring. I've inculcated the trait of customer obsession during my stint at Amazon. I've developed as a professional and gained confidence in communication. ", " Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History! Amazon, a Fortune 500 company based in Seattle, Washington, i was given the opportunity to work with them at their hyderabad, India location. Amazon never failed to acknowledge our cultures and values, work and personal life balance was splendid and always felt home at work. It was great working with brillient people, with great minds, with full of fun and games in our well organized game rooms. Amazon is an awesome place to work. ", " Strong value system and best work place. Highly suggested if you want best work experience. ", " Working with Amazon real learning and comfortable in all ways being a freshers learnt alot a ", " This is a good place to learn lot of stuff with good support. The company focuses on employee's comfort and career. ", " A great company to work for. I have worked there for 1 year and have enjoyed the work culture. ", " A great company to work for. I have started my career with this company and ended up staying there for 5 years due to its work culture and learning opportunities i had got there. ", " Everyday is the First day in Amazon. Work Hard, Have Fun and Make History. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " worked on chinese e-books. auditing the books and making the books error free for onsite launching. ", " its about an e-book publishing.i worked on japanese and chinese books.the difficulties of work it based on the book we are getting.the work be simple to do and i got excellent and friendly manager, traineer,friends.........free cab facilities.free lunch coupons,no dress code,v can use mobile phones.every things be enjoyable. work hard and have fun ", " Good Company. Good People to work with Good Processes  Amazon has been growing by a huge number in the past few years and it is expected to be growing at a great pace for the next few years ", " it was great experience working here.great culture ,freedom and openess but lack in professionalism and ethics ", " A typical day at work begins with greeting each other followed by reviewing emails etc. The best part is when we enjoy potluck every alternative day.  I am glad to be part of ACES team because, it gave me a new direction in my career and also made me to understand my strength in quality and performance improvement. I had only 9 months of work experience in previous amazon.com team yet I was selected in more higher role for my contribution and dedication to Re-think Amazon.com  Awesome co-workers who helped me to groom. The most enjoyable part of Amazon.com is there is no hierarchy methodology. If I have some process improvement ideas, I write directly to Vice President and Director of my department. They are so open and welcoming. Additionally they appreciated me in all the meetings which motivated me a lot. ", " good to work. nice work interesting people talented people ", " a good place to work ... atmosphere is awesome.  work is little pressure.  need to extend some days always we feel like home... no restrictions ", " An Awesome place to Start a Career with. With an Open Culture and Absence of Micromanagement with the Possible extent of Young minds from the top management till the Entry levels, and the slogan of \"Work Hard Have Fun and Make History\" is the Complete Description of the company Itself. ", " Very good working environment, Fun to work with amazon.com ", " Learned to work using excel, management is open and good.Would loved if I could have got an oppurtunity to learn more. ", " * The day when due to technical problems all serves gets slow down and we get our work pending. * I have learned various things say the MNC culture and behavior how to monitor the team and individual any many. * I believe they are one of the best Management crew who always support and look forward for both employee and company. * I had a very good teammates takes responsibility and coordinates with each other as well. * When I have been asked for doing overtime after working the whole night. * The events organised by the HR team to make us free from work stress and employee recognition events. ", " Amazon has nice work culture. learned about E-commerce business. i was in product pricing and product marketing team . where we use to maintain competitiveness of amazon. ", " Amazon is a very ompany where you can have fun and enjoy a lot without any stress ", " &gt; Ensuring Best Deals for the customer. &gt; Comparative Analysis of the market competitors. &gt; SPOC for the very critical process in the department. &gt; Process Improvement opportunities. &gt; General shift hours made our life more easy. &gt; Young crowd on the floor made every moment enjoyable. ", " Amazon provides great benefits and a challenging environment. Work life balance is on a lower side ", " Ownership level  Recruitment involvement  Challenges at work ", " hi..every one supported me to prove my talent,no work tension its very cool to work with amazon.really i am very proud to say that i have work experience with AMAZON, management is very nice they provided all the facilities and i enjoyed a lot.thanking u ", " It is fun working at Amazon. Over the period, I have learnt that the management gives more importance to grades rather than people. It has forgot the core values which helped Amazon reach its level today. The training is good, but enough care is not taken to see if it reaches the end person. Technical support is not good. ", " fun place to work and an easy going atmosphere. managers are a good to work with and colleagues are of various backgrounds. very transparent ", " Management is not at all good here, no job security, specially for Chennai location, management people are very rough. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Very good working environment, Fun to work with amazon.com ", " Managing a team of 17 on their day-to-day production with quality control. Responsibilities including Tier 2 support, stakeholder communication, escalation management and root cause analysis, work allocation while ensuring that the team meets the service level agreements, TAT and productivity. Handling item data quality issues which involves updating the catalog with current information procured from vendors and adding new offers. Training and mentoring the new hires and conducting regular feedback sessions for the team which includes process improvement brainstorming activities. Led projects to identify scope of automation and process improvements/elimination.  Learned the warehouse management (Problem Receive) Problem Receive is created when there are purchase order related exceptions found during the receive process.   Learned ISS (Inbound Support Service) To maintain a working relationship between the FC's and Retail teams. The program is aimed at supporting all inbound departments with Inbound Problem Resolution (training), Vendor Defect Tracking and other data collection projects that will support ongoing defect reduction initiatives in the FC and Retail to drive down defects that affect cycle time on the Receive Dock.   Amazononians enjoy fun activities of every sort. Most activity groups are organized by employees themselves ", " A typical day at work is log into your system and start pulling cases from the lobby to meet the days criteria and maintain your performance metrics. While your at it you will be learning how its like to stretch out your workload so its less stressful and maximizes your productive with minimizing mistakes and system or employee crashes. The management hierarchy is open for everyone to interact on different levels and while you report to a specific manager you will be able to go on the floor and interact with other teams and other managers. The hardest part of what seems to be the greatest job is the rotational shifts that require working hours stretched from 10 in the night to 6 in the morning that is excluding the time for transportation, and when you think it can't get worse the shift changes to morning 8 to 4 in the afternoon in a blink. Which leaves you looking like a zombie at work and productivity marginally goes out the window. Repeat this over a course of time, you end up with a hay wired biological clock that has no set sleep timings or food timings. The greatest part of this job was the energy filled teams that brought in so much of fun while at work it just seemed to be everywhere for that 9 hour shift, keeping you entertained and energetic for some more of those customers to satisfy. ", " About ur  company i dont knew that much but i am dam sure amazon has a good company for a world.Culture is first and foremost at Indeed, which could be the biggest reason it is the #1 jobsite worldwide. Senior leadership does everything they can to make every employee happy and come to work excited. They are also HIGHLY visible every single day, including the CEO. Offices are open floor plans, so no corner offices for the senior leadership. They sit all over the building and amongst all of the different teams in their departments. Managers are highly experienced in the digital media/digital advertising field so you are learning from the best of the best in the industry.  Entry-level jobs are filled on personality and fit, which makes your coworkers unique and inspiring. Indeed's Training and Development team can (and will) teach you what you need to know to perform the job, but you have to bring personality and drive everyday to be great at it.  Indeed bombards you with perks and swag, are always looking to improve employee benefits, and just takes unbelievable care of their own in general. Promotions are everywhere, all over the US and the world, so the opportunities are endless. Lunch is provided every Wednesday, breakfast every Friday, with Thursday happy hours (also catered) sprinkled in a couple times a month. Wide assortment of snacks and drinks on all floors. This is a company with a big name right in the heart of Stamford that is growing stronger everyday, but that is still not enough to change its small company feel.   You will not regret applying for a job at ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> Indeed. ", " Working with Amazon can easily be counted as one of the best experiences of my life. Although I had an undergraduate degree in mechanical engineering, I joined Amazon as I wanted to gain first-hand experience regarding the customer service aspect of a business.  Although it was primarily as \"non-technical\" job (i.e not related to engineering), I was amazed to know the extensive software knowledge required (Microsoft excel, access to name a few) to perform the duties of a technical account management associate effectively. This helped me broaden my horizons and to understand what providing quality service truly meant.  Regarding the work culture, Amazon balances business and pleasure perfectly. The motto of the company of course is \"work hard, have fun, make history\". And history it has truly created. Although the work entails spending long hours (A grueling 10-12 hours a day, 5 or 6 days a week), You will yearn to only work more courtesy the amazing work culture of the organization. And of course, with your hard work being duly recognized, it's no wonder that Amazon has consistently been voted one of the best places to work for by both it's current and former employees.  Every young student out there should certainly strive to work for Amazon, as it can be one of the best life lessons one can get. I would definitely be grateful if I get an chance to work for them again post my graduate studies.   As a parting note, always try going the Amazon way. Work hard, have fun, make history. ", " Provide regular and ad hoc pricing analysis and reporting for management. Work with Product Management to develop and implement product price strategies including segment strategies for the various markets and channels.  Download and organize baseline price information, analyze and report on inconsistencies, and identify opportunities to optimize sales and profitability through price strategies. In coordination with project managers, prepare projections of revenue and expenses for projects based on numerous variables and data assumptions. Perform other duties as assigned, including ad-hoc analysis on methods to optimize price through market and pricing strategies I  also worked in flyer mapping team than was moved to SMAC(sales monitoring and configuration) team where I did deal monitoring, shipping monitoring and learnt configuration for the various region and provided my support by making report for the daily monitored deals and sales per region. During this tenure I got familiar with tools like Andromeda and bazinga. I also worked for offline mapping team and handled priority listing whenever required. I joined WORLDWIDE CONSUMABLE in February and got trained in all the GLs for NA region, following which I got trained for GB consumable. I started working on PPU (price per unit tool) tool supporting mapping for the UK regions and cleared assessments with 100% accuracy. I was then trained to work on tool like GPS (Google product search), SMS, SMT-ARM and UAT (User action tool). I went into production for GB consumable in April 2014. I worked on listings for checking automation ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> feasibility for GL- DRUGSTORE. I took up ownership for the DRUGSTORE-GL and worked towards meeting my monthly targets. I have mapping support on weekends as per business requirements and worked on Adhoc and priority files. Apart from daily mapping I did 3p feed mapping and also supported internal audit for the team. I got trained in BNF and Perseus tool, cleared the assessments for BNF and started working on lists achieving my daily targets. I resolved the doubts and raised mails for clarification from the business team for all the GLs. With arrival of Q4 I started working on sale nodes and completed it within EOD provided. I took up the responsibility of the BNF mapping and extended my support in completing the pending counts in stipulated time, I also worked on 1-IF gv increment file for the major competitor through GROCERY GL and made reports stating the progress and effects. ", " \uf0fc\tSourcing profiles using Job portal. \uf0fc\tSourcing of relevant candidates through talent search, networking and references. \uf0fc\tMaking extensive searches to fulfil the requirements. \uf0fc\tResponsible for sourcing and resume generation. \uf0fc\tShort listing relevant profiles as per client specifications and briefing the candidates on the company and their job role. \uf0fc\tAfter identifying qualified candidates, describe company profiles, verifying and evaluating the consultant\u2019s experience, status details and reference checks. \uf0fc\tScreening and Short listing of CV\u2019s, interview, interviewing the short listed candidates and follow up actions there after till its closure. \uf0fc\tDealing with all aspects of the recruitment process right from taking the recruitment brief, to the final selection and handholding. \uf0fc\tCoordinating with clients and candidates for arranging interviews and also involving with the client for the final selection of the candidate. \uf0fc\tTo manage the recruitment administrative process including tracking of applications, offers of employment etc. \uf0fc\tIndividual contributor in generating revenues on monthly basis \uf0fc\tHandle a  of Team 6 members, responsible for their performance and generating revenue as a team \uf0fc\tDeveloping and maintaining of database on the basis for immediate and future requirement. \uf0fc\tManaged a good network of candidates and virtual database. \uf0fc\tCreating and maintaining records of all the joiners. \uf0fc\tCross checking and maintaining the records of all the supporting documents of the candidates like education certificates, experience, relieving certificates etc.  ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> \uf0fc\tMaintaining the data base of all the clients. ", " The work we do is exciting and enjoyable, therefore meeting our goals is a cake walk. Everyday we work, we learn a lot of new stuff. There's a good scope of improvising and every innovative idea which is good for the business is greatly welcome and appreciated. Everything related to work is good except&gt;  The Management, who do not possess any process knowledge  Due to the management pressurizing and pushing us to hit unimaginable numbers , the environment is hard to survive. Even the mid-level management is bearing the brunt.  TAM has not been the same since 2 years ago. Everyone enjoyed everything, right from the pay to the facilities provided by the company.   TAM which used to be one of the coolest processes in the city and one of the best jobs to work for, has now become into a typical outsourced \"Trashy Call Center\".   Though the subject lines read 'Super Bad and inhumane Management' . I bet you, if the Site Leader (Who considers himself smart) ever came across this line, he would laugh it off saying that is this is an unjustifiable remark and that the company has been providing a lot more to the Associates than they can expect.   FOOD: It used to be a pleasure eating in office during any occasion, you could order anything right from pizza's to local favorite 'biryani' and all this was happening during the reign of our old Site Leader 2 yrs back.  Currently, when we come across any festivities, we are provided with Government subsidized food materials.   Finally I would close this long thread saying that all this Cost cutting and restrictions implemented ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> should not hamper Employee satisfaction as it has happened with us.   I whole-heartedly thank indeed.com for letting me share this. ", " Role &amp; Responsibilities:  \uf0a7\tWorking as Executive assistant to ECP India team (ecommerce platform) \u2013 Reporting to a Sr. Manager. \uf0a7\tSupporting complete ECP India team of 300+ with all the administrative tasks.   \uf0a7\tRepresenting the ECP team by welcoming visitors, reviewing correspondence; arranging company dinners and other corporate functions; answering questions and meeting requests directed to the ECP Org. \uf0a7\tPublishes the corporate newsletter by gathering information; preparing and editing articles; designing graphic presentation; producing and distributing. \uf0a7\tHelps key executives make consistent decisions by advising them of historical precedents; serving as liaison between them and the ORG VP. \uf0a7\tArranges corporate travel and meetings by developing itineraries and agendas; scheduling the corporate jet; booking other transportation; arranging lodging and meeting accommodations. \uf0a7\tCompletes projects and special assignments by establishing objectives; determining priorities; managing time; gaining cooperation of others; monitoring progress; problem-solving; making adjustments to plans. \uf0a7\tUpdates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations. \uf0a7\tImproves quality results by studying, evaluating, and re-designing processes; implementing changes. \uf0a7\tEnhances leadership teams and corporation's reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. \uf0a7\tHandling and running ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> Leadership meetings \u2013 Scheduling, Taking Minutes, Action items, Publishing in SharePoint and Tracking till closures. \uf0a7\tRepresenting the executive by attending meetings in the executive's absence; speaking for the executive. \uf0a7\tMaintains customer confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential. \uf0a7\tSecures information by completing data base backups. \uf0a7\tMaintains office supplies inventory by checking stock to determine inventory level; anticipating needed supplies; evaluating new office products; placing and expediting orders for supplies; verifying receipt of supplies. \uf0a7\tEnsures operation of equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements; following manufacturer's instructions; troubleshooting malfunctions; calling for repairs; maintaining equipment inventories; evaluating new equipment and techniques \uf0a7\tWorking on 3 Major projects apart from EA job profile \u2013 Software development Recruiting, ECP NHO and ECP SharePoint. \uf0a7\tHandling complete team yearly budgets (Morale, training, Traveling etc.) \uf0a7\tScheduling Quarterly ECP All hands (SEA, India &amp; China locations) \uf0a7\tScheduling fun Team outings and Leadership offsites.   \uf0a7\tHandling Branding / Advertising of ECP within organization. \uf0a7\tHandling complete procurements (IT and Non IT). \uf0a7\tHandling complete Amazon tech events \u2013 organized 3 successful events (Tech Family day, Tech Peak Party and tech Awards Night) ", " Fast paced, and had incentives such as drawings for gift cards if you work hard, but some people didn't so a lot of the work fell more on the harder workers. It was ok. Good part time because it is very physical. Dealing with the HR and managers were so so...the managers listened but they never solved a problem. They just referred you to another manager or area. The HR basically answered all but the setup as really unclear due to the fact they operate off a point system and you would get points for something that wasn't your fault like when it snowed and you had no way. They also would promise you would leave early and on a day like that day you would leave a hour late. So it was ok but nothing I would brag about- ", " I felt like I was working on a plantation because of how some Managers talked to you as well as how they treated employees. I was terminated in June 2016 for not making a tac time. ", " Self employed i did not work for Amazon. i worked as an  independent seller utilizing amazon;s platform for product sales. The job is what  you make it. What you put in is that you get out. There are fees. there are 2 categories a seller can fall into. you can work as an independent seller and avoid the monthly fee but have to pay out of pocket for everything. then theres the FBA seller \" fulfilled by Amazon, here you pay monthly fee but in turn your items become \"prime items\" and amazon you mail all goods to amazon, they distribute the items and they handle the customer service end of it including shipping and returns. ", " Terrible place to work I only took a job there as a stop gap till I got a perm job somewhere else, never expected it to be as bad as it was, imagine working in a concentration camp and you will have a rough idea of Amazon, one guy actually died from a heart attack at hemel Hempstead Amazon FC last year that's how bad the management run the FC impossible pick targets you have to walk 15 miles a day picking 300 items per hour or face the boot on your first week lol just leave this company well alone it should be closed down. ", " Better than average benefits (medical, dental, vision, 401k, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, immediate stock bonuses vested after 2 years, etc.)Monthly bonuses (up to 16% of your wages [32% during peak months]), as of 02/2017. Wide variety of fulfillment center jobs, and employees can transfer to any department after 10 weeks of work. Amazon offers great benefits and a friendly work environment where managers are always willing to help you if there's an issue. The work is fast-paced and it will keep you in great physical shape. However, this job is not for everyone. ", " Good benefits comes with headaches from management production is alright to work with with the right management. Expect a high turnover rate with production managers. ", " Hard to move up within the company since all positions above a level 1 associate is a full-time position. If you do decide to try to move up in Amazon there's lots of politics that come into play (they vote whether or not you should move up or not) which means there's lots of brown nosing that comes along with trying to move up. They pay is great for an entry level job but positions are limited and unless you really know your stuff and get along with everyone you work with (including your manager), you won't be moving up. Even if you do all that, I've seen Amazon opt to hire outside the company rather than inside. ", " I enjoyed working at amazon.com. The management was a little informal primarily because we were seasonal staff hired for the December peak. I learnt retail and Echo skills which presented an opportunity to develop negotiation and technical skills.  The salary was very pleasing and given a second chance I would do it again. I was expecting a more permanent role but pity the fun was short lived. ", " Very easy work and fun people but the hours aren't so great. Lots of Amazon terminology and rules to learn. VERY short breaks. Employees don't get the appreciation and rewards that they should receive for helping the company surpass their daily goal. ", " Fired for having -1 on UPT. HR claims they emailed me on this, but I never received any emails. HR could've requested a meeting with me to discuss this before firing me, they never did. Others treated the same way as me. Injuries acquired on the job, never referred to a doctor or any workman's compensation either. Getting together with others treated as I and we'll discuss a class action suit against Amazon perhaps. We will get others for across the country as well to join this crusade. ", " I started last week but quit last night. I was promised \u00a3132 a day to find it would be \u00a3110 a day but then got \u00a355 due to half around. The training is one  day and you dont get paid. You then have to pay van charges and some fuel costs. Leaving nothing. Then what ever small amount of money earnt goes into the retainer for van. Most drivers work 2 to 3 months and get no wages. They threaten you and really are not very helpful and dont explain much. Basically you are on your own.  You would expect better from a big company like Amazon.  I really am disgusted. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day at Amazon is moderate, Evenings are the busiest. I learned a great Customer based system and how to deal with difficult customers. Amazon has a very sound work culture and fellow employees are helpful, compassionate and kind. Amazon's work from home position does have a high churn rate however is a great position for a stay at home Mom, Student and/or Need extra income person however it does require patience, maximum hourly work to gain moderate compensation and a solve problem quickly response, which was cultivating. The most enjoyable part of Amazon was the people. Amazon has an outstanding management team. ", " I have been with Amazon for just over a year and a half. I have had rough days at work, just like any other job, but for the most part it's not bad going to work. This is a place you don't have to dread showing up to. Management is great, and employees make the day so much more. I have met an awesome group of people here. All Amazon asks in return is for you to work hard. If you show up to work everyday wanting to grow, learn and explore more options with opportunities available to you, this is the place. Amazing benefits and higher wages. ", " Shifts are 10 hours long, 11 during peak, and they certainly feel like it. No music is allowed after the security checkpoint, same with electronics, bags,and non-clear bottles. They hire anyone, there is no interview but it's because they work you until you burn out. After being hired in July with over 30 people only 4 of us are still there. Management is very sporadic with different managers coming and going constantly, and their is a lot of political fighting between them. The pay is good and the benefits are phenomenal but it is because Amazon expects you to quit before you really use them. You are given a set of time off that you spend whenever, and however you like, but the instant you run out you're fired. ", " I worked at amazon through a tempt service. I liked working for  amazon but you barely have a life working here.  You work long 10 hours and get only 2 breaks  which are 15 minutes and a lunch that's half an hour even though it takes you 5 minutes to get to the break rooms. They get upset if you leave 2 minutes before break which is ridiculous. The shift leaders and PA are not helpful sometimes at all some won't even bother to help. The PA are like high school students who talk bad about people. I had a PA tell people that I wasn't doing my job correctly because I went to go get water... Not only that there's a lot of older adults who need help but don't get the help they need because of stuck of people. The only thing that made me happy is the pay and wonderful people. ", " I really enjoyed the fast pace and culture of this job! There are wonderful people to work with here and you can make a positive lasting impression on people's lives here. I've made great friends! The only issues I has was the long hours with short breaks, and you can do so much for this company as far as training others and helping in so many ways but there is little room for advancement, as they seem to promote the slackers.  I would definitely go back and work for this company as I left due to another job offer..  I miss it and will be applying again with the hopes of a leadership role! ", " great company, great people, just didn't fit into my life at the time, a new baby and a wife that is active military caused some issues with her deployments. I was responsible for mentoring, and training new employees, however my main job was to discover and work to improve the processes that  amazon associates use to  pic, pack and ship products.  these duties includes   researching fixes to problems, and  communications between upper management and employees. i often gave presentations, either on power points or projectors. i often had t o me a jack of all trades at amazon, when shorthanded, or during the holiday rush. so i would pick, pack, or whatever was needed at the time. typical day was a lot of gathering of information, and or innovation related task. sometimes i would also help with safety. ", " This company has excellent health benefits, stock options, paid vacation and personal days.  The work is not complicated but it is physical work. The associates are friendly and helpful. The management team is great. This company wants its associates to succeed. Whether it is on the job or in your personal life. There is a tuition reimbursement program to give you the opportunity to get the education you want for a new career. There is opportunity to advance within the company as well. ", " On a typical day at work you would arrive and have a meeting with the rest of your department and then be assigned a station where you would spend your shift. The management is fine but upper management seemed disorganized especially HR.       The hardest part of the job was definitely the long hours spent on your feet. If you got to a point where you were skilled enough or knew the rite people you could be assigned to \"float\" or in other words you would be assigned to help various people who were falling behind at their stations. ", " I left a position at a Company where I was offered a lead position and was under the impression that I was going to make a better wage. I unfortunately have found out that it takes 6 months to get a .25 cent raise. When I applied to this position I thought that there was going to be a great opportunity for advancement. I have now found that you are more like a number and it is hard to get recognized unless you are extremely fast. I wish I would have done a little bit more investigating before I took this position. I know that you are never supposed to talk bad about an employer but, I have many years of experience and feel that it was misleading when we first started as far as the wage goes. ", " A typical day at Amazon consist of a lot of walking, sorting and battery changing.  The department I was placed n was ICQA. I would scan items into bins back into inventory, or before going out to a customer. I've learned not to tolerate with people who are higher up that see nothing in someone who's work was in progress.    Management is fair, however the HR department DOES NOT follow their policy... I was terminated twice. The first time I appealed for my job back. It was a success until about 3 months later it happened again. Never was given any written warnings, just documented coach warnings.    The culture of the workplace is excellent, dust here and there but its a warehouse. Furthermore, the hardest part of the job was the amount of walking that was done in that place... I lost 15lbs!! Talk about a workout.  Lastly, the most enjoyable part about working at amazon is meeting new people and learning  new things! ", " I have worked at amazon a few time as a temp and once as a blue badge, the system is set up for failure, you never know what your accurate rate is, and the amount you need to make rate changes. you dont get pardoned for lack of work. favoritism, management changes several times a year. the benefits dont compensate for the pay difference. some temps would make 2 dollars more than full time employees. the insurance isnt the greatest, and the hr dept doesnt really seem to have the employees in their best interest. ", " Ok job for warehouse people.  NO ROOM for mistake!  No Room for Job growth.  They do not promote experienced leaders, just prefer incompetent people.  Favoritism is well present here.  Area Managers never worked in a warehouse before, just graduated college.  This is a Darwinist culture.  They do NOT want all associates to be successful.  Area Managers will sign their life away to work for Amazon.  Amazon finds a way to get as much as they can out of ALL associates from Stock person to Engineer within two years you are drained then on to the next fool.  Amazon will terminate your employment if you go on leave to take care of your kids!!! ", " This is a company that will take some of the most phenomenal employees who give their all, and will not ensure they're taken care of. In the event you become injured and need surgery with this company, they will cancel any and all health benefits within six month. Your work ethic is not taken into account with this company, and they put most individuals in the same/similar categories in which they're hired. It's a shame that this is a company that considers itself to be a head of the trend and with the times. Unfortunately, I believe that it's only those fortunate enough to work within corporate, that reap the benefits of such positive work environment. ", " A typical day is a 10 hour shift where management is expected to arrive 1 hour early and leave 1 hour late - in order to prepare for the day and then report on the days results to upper management I have learned a lot working for Amazon, i have developed my leadership skills tremendously. I have gained experience in developing a team, in performance managing hundreds of direct reports. I have gained knowledge in lean methodologies and performed a multitude of process improvement initiatives.  You have to be a certain type of person to succeed in this role. It is most definitely not a 9-5 type of job. The hours are long and the expectations are high. The payoff is good when you have the right team and are in a department where you can flourish. ", " Working as a fulfillment associate was very fast paced. Involved constant mental concentration and was physically demanding. I really liked the position and worked there twice seasonally during peak season. The management was very aggressive about employee safety and meeting rate goals. The workplace was clean, and safe, only wish there were a few more bathrooms for such an enormous warehouse. The hardest part of the position was the sore feet, and extremely short breaks but they were understandable for peak season. The most enjoyable part was the leniency in dress code, the constant incentives to meet goals, and the fair pay rate/benefits. ", " Amazon allows its associates to advance and develop their career opportunities through different programs but the amount of work and mandatory overtime required makes it a very hard and exhausting place to work. The balance between personal and work life becomes difficult to manage due to the amount of hours required to work and the compensation and benefits are not worth it. Even though Amazon can be a fun place to work with many incentives, fun activities, holiday celebrations and more, the tasks become repetitive and boring after a few months making it difficult for the associates to stay motivated. ", " My time at Amazon.com allowed me to interact with people from all over the world, which gave me a whole new perspective on how people are largely the same no matter where you go.  I got to work with many highly-skilled, top-notch colleagues and enjoyed being with them every day. Amazon is a performance-based culture, so be ready to meet goals and grow - if you're not into this type of work, Amazon may not be for you.   I recommend them to anyone looking for a great company with lots of potential for advancement. ", " It is and high energy work environment that requires time and energy. Typical day can range from virtually everything, lots of picking and packing. If you are a go getter you can fast track your way up to and through management. People are really friendly, they make the place a great place to work. Management on the other hand could take a chapter from their handbook and engage their people more instead of being face deep in a laptop or computer. ", " Working at Amazon was honestly a great experience, but management could really use some improvement. The way they treated us reminded me of being back in high school. We are suppose to be getting a 15 minute break, but management allows us a 10 minute break. which includes a 2.5 minute walk back to the front and then back to were you working at, so that adds up to the 15 minutes. With my experience with management, they often treated the associates with no respect and it was almost like they thought we were stupid. They would often lie to us about how much volume we had to do that day, knowing that we could've left early instead of staying later. ", " A day at Amazon consisted of packing shipments and problem solving if needed. I learned how to solve problems with shipments (damaged, correct labeling, corrected a problem and cancelled shipments), management was bit of a problem. They moved managers around all the time and once you thought you had a great manager they ended up moving out of the department or moving up with Amazon. The hardest part about the job was when we had to get thousands of shipments packed an hour before the deadline. The most enjoyable part of the company were people who cared about their work, getting packages sent out, and knowing we had great benefits. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I enjoyed working with all the people present. The atmosphere was not team work oriented. There were only a few people that were recognized as doing overachieving results. All people should have been commended as a team to promote better results and lower the turnover. After a while the job is boring and does not give the feeling of a superior performance. Positives give energy and negatives take energy. The atmosphere was more negative than positive, overall. ", " a typical day at amazon is managing all of the product. I'm in charge of making sure every package at my station is packed/fixed and leaves the sort floor. hardest part is all the liquid/hazmat damages we receive. the most enjoyable part of the job is learning new computer skills since I'm always using amazons software such as logistics. management just leaves us alone and lets us deal with our own issues, they just want it done. ", " I would walk for miles picking orders for customers. It was like going shopping. I learned the steps and processes it takes just for a package to go out and how it gets shipped to customers. If you had any problems management would take care of it immediately. Everyone got along with everyone and if you needed help with someone coworkers were always there to ask. The hours were long because I would go to school as soon as I got off. I really enjoyed working with a company that is there for there employees. ", " Amazon pushes for you to be your best. The managers are absolutely wonderful for helping find your place and giving you those challenges you need. Thinking outside the box and coming up with new ideas is valued here.My favorite part about working here has been having the chance to explore area's I'm curious about, it's how I learned to create a Wiki page and became interested in computer engineering/programming. I am now looking to return to school so that I can join the Dev team. ", " People are good to work with and managers are helpful.  Coming to understand operations comes slowly especially when it comes to understanding what is expected for you  and what the policies are concerning employment advancement and policies around benefits and details of employment.  Orientation was fast and vague. ", " Work is and always will be a very fun thing for me to do. I am always the type of person who loves to get up in the morning and get straight to it. I'm always amazed when the management makes it very comfortable for us to work. I always learn new skills everywhere that I go and that brings me joy. The hardest part of my work experience is when someone else is not at your skilled level but assisting them is never a problem, everyone has to be trained to succeed. ", " Awesome place to work but not for the weak or lazy that's why I liked this job. The benefits and pay were great. My team was great I just had issues with the management team they seem to do nothing. I liked the 2nd shift with 10 hour 4 day work schedule just didnnt like the amount of overtime pushed to one shift but not others or management. ", " On paper, the job is easy, but in practice, its a strain on the body. I go to work and I expect to power walk about 15-25 miles a day. I get little social interaction throughout the day unless something unexpected happens. It's all to I can do to keep up rate. Sometimes it's easier than others but its the luck of the draw with the path. Sometimes I bounce around different parts of the mods, and other times it's actually decent. However, it is rarely the latter. Management is great and understanding; they really trying to work with you. I can say that my body has never been in better shape. ", " Typical work day was 4 hours with a 15 minute break. The job was relatively easy it was just a lot of work. I learned that I can do anything I set my mind to and its okay to seek help if necessary. The management was very flexible and extremely helpful. They worked with you on a personal level if need be. The hardest part of the job was really how far it was from where I lived. The most enjoyable part was the people I met. ", " They try to Over work you for the pay they give is not worth it, if you know more than one job and are a ASSET that doesnt get taking into consideration! nor does your pay rate go up. you could do more than your AM ( Area Managers)  and still get paid same as the person who does little to no work! little to No appreciation ", " It really depends on who the manager is. Most managers look at you like numbers but there are a select few who are amazing. Most of the people that work there are nice and hate it probably as much as you will. HR is lazy. Only rarely will they actually HELP you. Day shift has to usually do all night shifts work and never get to home early while night shift doesn't even have to come it. They were in the process of fixing that last I heard. ", " A typical day at work would be walking from floor to floor, area to area finding items that need to be shipped. Fast pace is necessary. I learned what's the difference between Off the wall Vans, campared to a nice pair of walking Nike's. I felt management was set up by picking the hardest of the workers, which was not bad. Finding the smallest of items amongst a hundred other small items. The groups meetings were very enjoyable, as were the pre-work workouts. Which made the 10 hour shifts bearable. ", " A typical day at Amazon is moderate, Evenings are the busiest. I learned a great Customer based system and how to deal with difficult customers. Amazon has a very sound work culture and fellow employees are helpful, compassionate and kind. Amazon's work from home position does have a high churn rate however is a great position for a stay at home Mom, Student and/or Need extra income person however it does require patience, maximum hourly work to gain moderate compensation and a solve problem quickly response, which was cultivating. The most enjoyable part of Amazon was the people. Amazon has an outstanding management team. ", " I am a current employee at one of the Amazon Fulfillment Centers. I enjoy the fast-paced yet fun environment. During my time here, I have developed new leadership and communication skills. I  enjoy the variety of co-workers who I have met through this company. All of the Managers in the facility are very informative and helpful. What I enjoy most about this job is the flexible scheduling, and constant opportunities it provides for growth. ", " Working at amazon is a great experience and defintaley something you'll remember for a long time, during my time at amazon I improved my confidence and communication skills massively, meeting new people, building friendships and having fun makes the job more enjoyable, the only con to the job would be the long hours however they fly by if you make the most of your time there and work hard. The management are great! Very friendly and massively helpful, making your time at amazon less stressful and fun. ", " My experience working at Amazon was good. Your on your feet a lot and the work hours are a lot. Standing and walking for 10hrs are really hard to deal with but the work environment is fun and enjoyable. I learned how important it is to be very accurate and detail oriented when doing something very important for the records of the facility. Would I back to work there? Most definitely. You learn, meet new people, have fun and most importantly gain confidence that your can do anything you put your mind to. ", " Everyday in and out  we did various things like packing and shipping various items. We also would supervise converyer belts to ensure packages were not getting jammed or falling from the belt. the culture there is vary diverse. The hardest part was the work period because they worked you even when you were hurting or in pain. We didnt have adequate breaks eithef. To be honest I did not enjoyany part od working at amazon accept someof my co workers. ", " As a new comer i was blessed to have a job with Amazon as a warehouse associate the working days are from Monday to Thursday 7.30 pm till 6.00 am. its 10 hour shift of 4 days. From Amazon i got cross trained in different departments including Vertical Reciprocating Conveyor and Powered Industrial Truck (PIT) I am trained in Cross transfers including pallet building and transfer to different locations ", " I enjoyed my actual job but the amount of overtime was a lot.  They would call mandatory overtime with very little notice.  They would tell you at lunch the day before.  During peak (holiday season) we worked 5 11hr days or 6 10hr days.  You were on you feet the ENTIRE day so having time off was very necessary to recover.  Management was hit or miss, policy was only followed when they wanted to.  I worked there a little over a year and I had 7 different managers.  Some quit some were fired and some transferred.  There was no consistency. Great benefits but pay could be a little better considering the demanding work. ", " The hours are very long and you have to work 4 consecutive days at 10 and a half hours each day. By the end of the day you are physically and emotionally drained. Management is okay but they do have favorites and they are always trying to push you too hard. The hardest part of the job is being on your feet for 10 hours. It wears you out really fast and you are constantly bending and lifting heavy objects while trying to keep your rate (quota per hour) the same. The only enjoyable part of the job is talking to the people next to you and that is the only thing that keeps you from going crazy sometimes. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The hours are very long. You cant have a cell phone in the building. The breaks are short, by the time you get to the break room the break is over. A 30 minute break is not long enough when u have to fight for a microwave. ", " I was there from Nov-March.  Being a rebinner the work was exhausting. I received a fit bit for Christmas from my family, and soon realized why I was sore all of the time.  I was walking 30,000 steps a day which was equivalent to 13 miles (a half marathon).   Then you have the managers standing at gate keep talking and announcing rates over a microphone the whole day.  It's a good place for people straight out of high school to work cause it pretty much is a high school.   Always had to watch where you stepped outside cause they're would be food on the ground by peoples cars.  Supposed to get a bonus every month for attendance and productivity. didnt get one for January or February.   They make it sound like a great place to work, but it's quite the opposite. ", " Exercise with fellow crew members, onsite healthcare facility. I also enjoyed the paid time off that was given every three months. At times the job can be stressful because management rides staff about keeping up with productive but do nothing to help. ", " They pay management very well Wish I never left Very easy to advance, you just have to show motivation and determination  Only downfall is the temperature during the summer ", " Can be hectic at times due to some departments being open 24/7. Some departments require 12 hour shifts due to certain production fulfillment requirements ", " They were making strategic changes in the company that will be very good for them but made my job much less interesting and challenging, so it was the perfect time for me to ma ke a change. ", " It is a good job in general. Just with balancing college and a fulltime night shift it is a bit hard. I find it quite challenging to be a full time student and work night shift. If it was day shift it would be a lot easier due to the fact that waking up at 5 a.m. Is a lot better than waking up at 3 p.m. Sleeping in that late just messes with your whole schedule. ", " Working as a fulfillment associate was very fast paced. Involved constant mental concentration and was physically demanding. I really liked the position and worked there twice seasonally during peak season. The management was very aggressive about employee safety and meeting rate goals. The workplace was clean, and safe, only wish there were a few more bathrooms for such an enormous warehouse. The hardest part of the position was the sore feet, and extremely short breaks but they were understandable for peak season. The most enjoyable part was the leniency in dress code, the constant incentives to meet goals, and the fair pay rate/benefits. ", " Amazon is an okay ish place to work for if you can handle repetitiveness empty promises and long working hours. When you start at Amazon you get told how easy it is to grow and how this one become this and that one became that within only a few months and you too can become anything you want to within Amazon.. Se moer. You will stay where they put you unless you know people in management that will make a way for you. Incentives is based on customers response and not how hard you actually work.  Transport home is a nightmare as any employee that takes transport will know, rude customers that you just wanna swear at so badly but remember that they determine your incentive so you suck up to it.   And then that long 11 hour shift that drains every bit of energy out of you and because you work night shift to cater for the US you sleep your whole off day away and miss out on life..  And then that repetitiveness that you have to endure each and every day :( don't get me started on incorrect transfers and policies etc  So yeah that's the life of an Amazonian that's done with this place but like 99.99% of the staff are still here for the money. ", " The work environment is too repetitive with rude management. The only positive thing I would have to say is that I liked my coworkers. Other than that, I did not enjoy working there one bit. ", " Long 10hr days of standing on your feet as well as very strict and regimented work day. Quotas are enforced to keep processing up. They do not mess around with breaks and being back at your assigned areas on time. ", " Minus the Somewhat Odd Decision Making, For the Most Part Amazon is a Good Place to Work. The Only Downside to This Company is the Dreaded \"Library\" Which is Infamous for Being a  Job Death Sentence. I was Lucky and  Dodged that Bullet. If You Want Good Training Here, You'll Have To Beg for It. ", " Great place to work if you like to walk around a lot, depends on what your work job is. Other wise co-workers are very fun and laid back and always are there to help ", " I came in at 5am every morning, left at 4:30pm. It's a lot of walking, which is fine, but I believe we should have either one more 10 minute break, or change both of the 10s to 15s. I was trained in every function, so it was nice to be able to do a different job every day. It keeps you motivated. ", " A typical day at Amazon was getting back from break on time.I learned how to pack shipments. The hardest part about the job is making rate. The most enjoyable part of the job is clocking out at the end of shift. ", " if you like not talking to people and doing the same thing over and over again amazon is for you its really boring wouldn't recommend it if you have other options to choose from. ", " Amazon has a great culture based on hard work, collaboration, and customer service.  As a supply chain major, I really learned a lot about the inner workings of the online retail industry and enjoyed the overall experience.  Management was concerned with the safety and well-being of its employees and encouraged everyone in a positive manner.  The hardest part of the job was the amount of physical activity that I had to endure during the shift, particularly during peak season.  However, I really enjoyed the people and being a part of a company that's on the cutting edge of supply chain management.  I would love the opportunity to work for Amazon again at some point. ", " teammate is able to learn new things everyday however unable to advance if teammate doesn't have education. able to travel within the DHs and get massive training in all fields. ", " 12 hours a night standing, supervisors who had no clue what they were doing, insufficient break times, noisy environment, constant breakdowns and delays. ", " Restock items daily and maintain rate. Keep on task and don't deviate from them is typically what that want you to do. Not much room for advancement only if your really really close with management then they give you a small chance to advance. Other than that if your looking just for a stop gap kind of employment then Amazon is the place. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " They didn't give us time to work out problems and everything got count against you, when needed to speak to management we only had 15 minutes to do so ", " Lots of fun. As with every company there are some great teams and some terrible teams. Amazon does a great job encouraging innovation and does an nice job supporting this. Amazon is also one of the few companies that truly puts customers first ", " Great place, great environment, great people. Lots of VOLUNTARY overtime! Only 4 day work weeks with 40 hours. Long weekends if you choose not to work overtime but overtime almost always available. ", " Great job to work at. Lovely working conditions. Great team work, excellent managers. This job has all the updated materials you need for having a successful day at work. ", " Amazon has great benefits, but it does not completely compensate for how poorly treated employees are, and how hard you are wanted to work. Would not recommend. ", " Amazon is a good company. People are friendly and easy to work with. They provide a good work environment and so many activities such as free days, thanks giving Day and more.... ", " A typical day at would be fun and productive, I learned a lot from the managers'. The hardest part of the job would be lifting the heaviest boxes there. ", " At the peak time managers, PAs and ambassadors will treat employees in good and professional manner. However, when the peak is over everything will change. You will expect frequent rotation, a lot of VTO offer, few hours to work and overall disrespect toward employees especially from manger' helpers such as ambassadors and PAs. ", " Its good if you dont want to be promoted. ALot of flexibilty for those that are in school or just want a part time job. SHift times can make it hard to do anything else with your day ", " A typical day at Amazon consists of 10-12 hours of standing up/ walking, lots of movement &amp; productivity deadlines that need to be met so I must work swiftly and efficiently. I learned how to manage my time, understand over 10 different departments in the building, how to communicate with others and most importantly how to gain confidence in myself. Management at Amazon is getting better at first we had a lot to be desired. I was at amazon for 6 months before I even knew who my manager was until the new GM came in and our managers were required to engage with associates.          Engagements are SOOO important considering that afterwards I get this comfortable reassurance and fun environment knowing where I stand in my department. Mostly everyone is friendly and inviting here at amazon. The hardest part of this job for me was trying to adjust to being under a lot of pressure and getting used to being around 500+ people almost everyday of my life, after one year I began to love working in this environment. The most enjoyable part of this job which was the hardest at first, being around so many lovely faces and personalities daily. I enjoy learning how other people think/work and seeing how huge of an impact I can make on others while multi-tasking to complete my job as well. ", " Management is terrible and treats anyone in a lower position like a dog. The money is decent if you enjoyed being yelled at for not doing anything wrong and feeling unwanted. ", " Best place to work when I started in 2010, I used to love going to work. The job wasn't so bad and managers did their best to make it a fun environment, we used to get rewarded often with pizza days, sweaters, movie tickets, etc. Forward to 2017 worst place to be it has become very unstable barely have enough work for all their employees and hold them accountable if they don't make rate. Management SUCKS, don't treat their employees with respect and talk down to them. The only ones who would say they like it are the ones that are always sucking up to the managers, if that's you, you'll love it. ", " Its a great place to work. Pay is good, benefits are great. They just need to work on the the employee time off process. If i VTO(voluntary time off) its shouldnt effect my UPT(Unpaid Time OFF). ", " This company has a great deal of benefits for all permanent employees. It will also keep you in very good shape! Great pay for what you do. This is not a job for the slow moving people. ", " This is a good company to work for, great benefits, good people. Workload is strenuous but not too bad. They are very flexible and understand to time off. Amazon also has a good disciplinary system, I enjoyed working there. ", " Your job feels like its always on thin ice. Managers are snobby, stuck up, and arrogant. You HAVE to have a high rate. You get 30 minute lunch breaks and 2, 15 minute breaks on a 10 hour shift. ", " good team  knowledge sharing  talented professionals  energetic work culture  work oriented and result oriented  higly knowledgeable team members and motivated ", " Good team spirit. Working in a team it was rewarding and as everybody got along with each other and encouraged each other there were never any problems. ", " The leadership is excellent whenever you have a concern the leadership are very helpful to assist. If you are not use to alot of walking that could be a disadvantage but other than that if you are a walker you will be just fine. ", " if you worked or work at BFI4 its based on whos butt your kissing. If you dont kiss anyones butt, your fired and you are on the outside looking in. This is not a place for just anyone to be able to join and grow with. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Work wasn't bad, but managers are never on the same page. Was doing 3 different jobs at once and being yelling at by 3 different managers for none being done fast enough. Always sent people home with vto who could be sent to other areas to help. Pay and benefits weren't worth staying at a job that had no room for advancement. Was told by one manager that if I thought me being upset and yelled at was something you should see how he is treated. ", " When I was first hired at Amazon, I didn't think that I would make it past the first two weeks. Well, not only did I make it past the first two weeks, I fell in love with the job. It was the \"holy trinity\" of jobs for me: good pay, good hours, and I was great at it.  I worked the night shift, which meant coming in four days a week, working 10-11 hr shifts, and then going home feeling exhausted and great. My shift on ship dock would involve either loading trucks by hand from a conveyor belt or scanning boxes before stacking them on pallets. And I honestly loved doing it. I was also really good at building strong pallets and box-walls (I blame a childhood of playing Tetris).  My only complaint is about human resources. When August came around (I was hired in June), I needed a schedule change that would better accommodate my school schedule. HR would not work with me due to company policy, and I had to leave the job. I would have gladly stayed on the job for years had they kept me. ", " I love my job but the training well it doesnt exsit its just a bunch of videos and being rushed and having to remember everything... I get no benefits because I am seasonal and we are suppose to get a seasonal bonus check which is 1 dollar for every hour you work in november december and january and the only way u dont get it is if you quit or get fired well it seems like now that its at the end of the season they are trying to push us to quit so they dont have to pay us the bonus ", " This job is very easy, the website isn't at all hard to navigate. The training took a little too long. And the way the network is set up is a little frustrating as well. I was out for two weeks, and my password expired. I've been trying to get back into the system for over a month. Nearly two months. Other than that, it's not a bad place to work. The worst part about it is having to deal with a few rude customers every now and then. And the majority of the calls I handled were people asking about packages delivered by USPS. USPS needs to gets it's stuff together. ", " Good pay for the type of work for a part-time associate with great benefits and opportunities to advance position! Also, great incentives and pay raise for center's productivity successes! Co-worker and management work together a lot making it pretty fun and successful at Amazon! ", " Amazon IND2 is the best Amazon facility in Indiana to work for. Though you'll feel physical soaring a few days after you start, so it's highly recommended that you buy some soft comfortable shoes to walk in, because also you will be walking MILES per week at Amazon. Unless they put you into something like Packaging. Pickers, Stowers, Team Lift, and etc will be walking for majority of the time. Some Amazon facilities do not have enough lockers for everyone, so prepare to leave your valuables in either at home or in your vehicle, just until you receive a locker. Overall, the Amazon pay and benefits are great! ", " A typical day at work would start with stand up. Where management gives us a pep talk before stretching and sending us to work stations. After lunch we have raffles. Power hours where the fastest and most proficient workers get rewards like amazon swagg bucks or an amazon fire stick or a tv. After a 12 hour shift i got to go home and sleep for maybe 4-5 hours before getting ready for work again. ", " Amazon is a job with great positives that rope you in. They have awesome pay, with minimal requirements. As well as immediate benefits and plenty of overtime. Which is perfect for seasonal workers. But when you are looking to advance you realize the dirty game Amazon plays.   Incentives and bonuses are not give, after working so hard to be earned. The stress, from the condition of the environment you work in, combats the mental/physical stress of doing the work at benchmark. There is absolutely no kind of job security. The job just take more from you then you'll ever recieve. ", " Amazon has been great, I work nights and it's rough the first three weeks but afterwords you adjust. It's labor intensive job but your body adjusts accordingly, blisters go away and your back stops aching. Give it a month before you give up. I've recently even had my schedule accommodated with my school schedule. The ability to call in when I need is stress free. You're given a certain number of hours off and can use as needed. Take the day off, or 1 hr for running in late. ", " A typical day at work consists of constantly moving (picking up carrying, pushing) products going on break and then doing it again. I learned there are a lot of different parts involved in warehouse production. Management is helpful and friendly. Co-workers are kind and willing to help and talk. The hardest part of the job is having to constantly squat and lift heavy products for 12 hours. The most enjoyable part of the job is the competitions that management holds with the employees. ", " It's a great place to work. They have an amazing staff that will help you with anything. It's been an amazing experience. I am currently in the process of getting hired on at one of many amazing companies integrity deals with. I have advanced within my company while still being considered Integrity. It's great wages for the work you do. They're definitely many benefits to working with staffing company. It's definitely the best staffing company I have ever delt with. I recommend them to friends and family members looking for a job. They give you a second chance, and a new lease on life. If you have the opportunity to work for this company definitely give it a try. Stop reading my review and try them for yourself. What are you waiting for? Get your second chance at life now. ", " This is basically High School all over again folks. You work around 10+45 people at any given time with the age range of 18-25 year olds predominately there so keep your head down at first, know who to talk to and who to stay away from. Managers are a joke, if you work and don't talk a whole lot you'll blend in and be okay. Only the Sort Warehouses in my opinion are worth working at. Those ones won't fire you because you didn't hit the expected rate, although they do check for that. Sort Warehouses are only part time though, and if you want full time there you'll have to have some kind of degree. Some people use this job as if it was eHarmony. Don't get caught up. Don't get played. This is good first job, just be street smart. ", " I enjoyed working at amazon.com. The management was a little informal primarily because we were seasonal staff hired for the December peak. I learnt retail and Echo skills which presented an opportunity to develop negotiation and technical skills.  The salary was very pleasing and given a second chance I would do it again. I was expecting a more permanent role but pity the fun was short lived. ", " Everything about this place reminds of prison, from the orange vest they make you wear, to the safety line you have to walk in, to the constantly working on your feet. Your not being paid to think just work. Supervisors always on your back, similar to a Corrections Officer. Your hard work gets unnoticed so don't try and give 110%, try 65% instead. Work is extremely easy but boring. It's hard to get fired, you pretty much fire yourself by constantly being late or not showing up for work ", " Managers do a monthly meeting to let everyone know how's things are going as a building and as a whole company informing them of new and exciting things to come for employees and customers. They hand out tshirts exclusive to employees. They celebrate birthdays by having birthday lunches each month. Hey run competitions to help boost production with cool prizes like gift cards. Benefits are nice they give you stock that after a certain period of time with the company  becomes yours. Peak hours are rough but the pay is worth it. Most managers and supervisors care about their employees by pushing you to advance but in my department they played favorites. That isn't true for all departments but for mine it was. It made it hard to advance. They would only let certain people train for the next position. If you know somebody you're good but if someone doesn't like you you're screwed. ", " It really depends on who the manager is. Most managers look at you like numbers but there are a select few who are amazing. Most of the people that work there are nice and hate it probably as much as you will. HR is lazy. Only rarely will they actually HELP you. Day shift has to usually do all night shifts work and never get to home early while night shift doesn't even have to come it. They were in the process of fixing that last I heard. ", " Having to work at amazon was an interesting work environment since there were multiple sections of the building that had different roles and there was always something to do. Giving the fact that I had a single station to work with, there were days where I was positioned somewhere else making the days that I work non-repeative. Always something new to learn and grow I would suggest this type of job to new employees that would call this place  their first job to understand the quality of productivity. The reason why I recommend this is because over time if they stay there long enough from 1 to 5 years they already have their benefits and advancement of growth an experience. ", " Better than average benefits (medical, dental, vision, 401k, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, immediate stock bonuses vested after 2 years, etc.)Monthly bonuses (up to 16% of your wages [32% during peak months]), as of 02/2017. Wide variety of fulfillment center jobs, and employees can transfer to any department after 10 weeks of work. Amazon offers great benefits and a friendly work environment where managers are always willing to help you if there's an issue. The work is fast-paced and it will keep you in great physical shape. However, this job is not for everyone. ", " They try to Over work you for the pay they give is not worth it, if you know more than one job and are a ASSET that doesnt get taking into consideration! nor does your pay rate go up. you could do more than your AM ( Area Managers)  and still get paid same as the person who does little to no work! little to No appreciation ", " BFI4 - If you're young enough not to care how much damage you do to your body and are satisfied with making a but better than minimum wage, They'll love you. If you have enough previous experience in the corporate world you're likely going to be very frustrated. There are some GOOD people there. Unfortunately they're outnumbered by dishonest,  ignorant and arrogant managers who spend their shifts trying to cover up poor performance and abysmal personnel skills. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Working with roughly about 500- 1000 people daily, everyone doing different jobs working consistently and diligently to achieve an over-all common goal. ", " 10 hours spent on your feet all day and constantly moving across an incredibly large three level warehouse describes a normal day.  Half of my coworkers did not want to be there and their lack of motivation or sense of doing things correctly ultimately made the job far more difficult to accomplish.  Management seems only to care about the numbers, nothing else.  Since speed of work is everything you better hope you don't run into a problem (there were always problems) since resolving it means you need to walk to a specific station and you also need to hope you aren't 5th in line. ", " On paper, the job is easy, but in practice, its a strain on the body. I go to work and I expect to power walk about 15-25 miles a day. I get little social interaction throughout the day unless something unexpected happens. It's all to I can do to keep up rate. Sometimes it's easier than others but its the luck of the draw with the path. Sometimes I bounce around different parts of the mods, and other times it's actually decent. However, it is rarely the latter. Management is great and understanding; they really trying to work with you. I can say that my body has never been in better shape. ", " Long hours 10-11 hour shifts, all physical unless you are working in HR or Amcare. Easy to get write up even when you are new. Management needs a lot of work. Best thing is the benefits dental, vision, and healthcare are what keep people there and also the 4 day schedule. ", " Being a quality auditor for Amazon.com was a great job. Although it was sometimes repetitive warehouse work, I was always rewarded with great wages, challenging situations, and most importantly an unlimited opportunity for advancement. I was also inspired by a CEO that has a devotion for community, family, and the less fortunate. A humble man who wants to see the world improve. That simple idea provided me with motivation. This is a perfect example of a self-made man who started with a small garage operation and turned it into a huge success. The company also excels at the most important part of business, phenomenal customer service. ", " The place has great benefits, a diverse work environment, and pays you very well with holiday bonuses and paid time-off. But its disorganization, boring and demanding work shifts, immensely terrible management, and poor training sets it back too much for it to be enjoyable. They literally train you for two days before throwing you into the field with nothing else. The Hub that has your work schedule, paid time and personal time hours, etc, is impossible to access because you need your manager to create a password for you and you can never find said managers. They should give employees the power to create a password for themselves to access the site to git rid of the hassle. There's also no clear instruction. The beginning week for RTO, you leave at 6:30am, but the following week it is at 7:00am and I was not told this. ", " Fairly good pay, opportunities to advance your carrier.  Management is always pushing for more, no time for fun. People are treated as numbers and managers are always right. ", " Long hours, but the culture of the place is very nice. Management seems to respond better to buzzwords than job performance. ", " Amazon can either be the best place for someone to work, or the worst. It all depends on who your manager is, and how they interact with associates. Also, it is a move up or move out employment opportunity. Meaning, that your pay will be capped at a certain amount depending on where you work (pay is based on regional cost of living and how competitors pay their employees). Also, be prepared to interview for every promotion you apply for, as they use the STAR (Situation, Task, Action, Result) method of interviews. ", " Good job and good benefits. Warehouse work can get monotonous if you don't stretch and apply yourself in areas besides your own but that adds motive for people to be driven. ", " I recently quit working with Amazon and had many reasons for leaving. I had a difficult commute which was the primary factor in my departure. During my time there, my leadership team was always vigilant in making things better for our associates and our customers. I have had the opportunity to work with some really great people and the culture and internal advancement opportunity was great. The majority of my managers were really wonderful people that worked hard to support me and help me develop in my career. ", " Working at amazon is a great experience and defintaley something you'll remember for a long time, during my time at amazon I improved my confidence and communication skills massively, meeting new people, building friendships and having fun makes the job more enjoyable, the only con to the job would be the long hours however they fly by if you make the most of your time there and work hard. The management are great! Very friendly and massively helpful, making your time at amazon less stressful and fun. ", " Working for amazon as an associate isn't bad if you don't mind long hours and harsh working conditions. The job itself is easy but the management and leads make it much harder than needs to be. You will be treated with disrespect at some point there as I and many others who I work with have.  The targets are unrealistic and most of the jobs are just repeated actions all day and night. So unless you can work at 100mph for the entire 10 hours of the shift someone will be on your case. Telling you to be faster or quicker or hurry up. if you're looking for something to stimulate your brain look elsewhere.  I've been a supervisor in previous employment so I know poor management when I see it. Most managers and Leads are post grads with no experience what so ever. The majority will talk to you with disrespect and look down upon you because they're payed higher.  All in all amazon is an ok place to work for the wages they pay but only if you don't mind being just a number and not actually valued at your job. ", " This job was interesting and if it wasn't for the physical demands of this job had I would probably still be there. You are on your feet 10 to 12 hours a day 4 to 5 days a week depending on the time of year.  You pick items that customers have ordered on the Amazon website and then it is packed and shipped out. I got to drive what is called an Order picker it is a lot like a standup forklift only backwards, the forks are behind you and you put a cage on the back and fill the cage with the items that are in an order. I enjoyed my co-workers I miss them all. Management I never really saw because I was on night shift. Hardest part of the job was lifting up to 49 lb items Most enjoyable part the people I met and worked with. ", " Overworked,underpaid for the amount of work they expect out of one person,Poor Communication,Poor Safety,Management Changes way too much causing issues for associates who get paid less but know so much more than the manager given.Amazon has issue hiring managers due to their College made backgrounds instead of their experience in the Management field. A typical day when working at Amazon you can expect to go in and be driven to work hard to in return feel very unappreciated. Amazon's biggest problem is their hiring standards have lowered so therefore any and everyone can get a job no matter the background or work ethics you carry. Their turn over rate their is ridiculous. I will say I did gain a lot of learning experiences working their dock as a Problem Solver/Freight Check In. Meeting lots of different faces and working with many different nationalities. ", " There is nothing good about working here.  You are randomly placed in either inbound work or outbound work. You cannot transfer until after 90 days. The work is not rewarding at all, nor is it fun. You get written up for almost anything (lateness, simple errors, not working fast enough, The breaks are way too short. You get treated like you're in prison by having to go through metal detectors and getting wanded. Schedules are terrible, unless you get lucky and get a morning shift. Management treats people like children. It is nearly impossible to get promoted. Policies are very backwards here. It is modern day slavery with an infrastructure like a prison. I don't recommend working here at all. There are much better jobs ", " Becoming a dictatorship, the company allows management to pick and choose people they want fired and lets them make up things to terminate. You get yelled at for using the bathroom and are talked to for almost anything over a minute about why you were \"off-task\" ", " Essentially slave labour.  Majority of workforce are agency on temporary contract.  The agency is solely concerned with hiring and firing people and I seen no constructive learning process just alot of very stupid people in positions of authority. I was employed as picker / packer and the work was exhausting.  I once visited 5 water stations and all were empty.  This led to written warning on productivity. I  informed management who did absolutely nothing.  Left the same week absolutely shocking workplace and management extremely lacking in any coordination or structure. ", " A typical day consists of supplying stowers with work that comes off of mostly 53 foot trailers. Usually the unit count would be well in excess of 8,000 units. Also the relocation of various product and other things between buildings. I have learned a tremendous amount from this job, including the ability to manage a specific work area. The management is phenomenal, and responsive to feedback. The hardest part of the job would have to be the effects of a long, arduous day. The most enjoyable part of the job would have to be the satisfaction of a job well done. ", " Amazon for me was a fast paced job, not hard, and good daily work out. Usually i would just be at a desk with a conveor belt in front, and basically u pick wich item u wanted to pack, complete the packing process and make sure its in the system and let the belt take it. There was also a rate you had to have by the end of the day, as long as u keep moving and have a technique then rate wasn't a problem. Hardest part of the job would be getting a big order to pack that was heavy or didnt fit in the box ect. Could have used a management change though. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Typical day at work consists of high volume workloads and fat pace expectations. You learn to time manage while working at Amazon but luckily there is always a goal for each employee to accomplish which helps you want to do better daily.  Amazon has very friendly and helpful management. They typically come around to say \"hi,\" ask how work is going, and they always acknowledge a job well done.  The most challenging thing, however, is staying hydrated, and refreshed. The facility tends to be pretty warm at times and you need to remember to stay hydrated. Luckily Amazon facilities have hydration stations that provide room temperature and cold water. Another challenge occurs during the night shift. Night shifts are typically difficult but 10 hour night shifts are something you need to be aware that will be difficult. It's difficult to stay focused and attentive  during late hours of the night. Some come prepared, well rested, and bring coffee!  The best part about Amazon HAS to be the pay. You doesn't love a great salary? ", " This job is different every single day.  No 2 days are the exactly the same.  If you are a person who enjoys a fast paced environment this job is for you! It will keep you physically fit ( must be able to work 10+ hours, walk on concrete anywhere from 3-12miles a day,  and able to left 40+ pounds.  Amazon supplies an array of benefits and opportunity both within and outside the company. ", " Awesome place to work but not for the weak or lazy that's why I liked this job. The benefits and pay were great. My team was great I just had issues with the management team they seem to do nothing. I liked the 2nd shift with 10 hour 4 day work schedule just didnnt like the amount of overtime pushed to one shift but not others or management. ", " Work week would be four ten hour work days with four days off. During peak season, work would start earlier and with mandatory OT days. Work-life balance is very challenging. Physically demanding, may walk up to five miles a day depending on your pace. Work with a variety of interesting people. Managers are willing to help you and work with problems. Breaks would often be to short, and with way to many people in the break rooms. Overall job is consistent, yet repetitive. ", " very physically demanding work (walking up to 13 miles per shift) decent salary plus a good benefits package. good work/life balance working 4 days with 3 days off every week. 10.5 hour shifts plus some overtime. management is hit and miss depending on what shift or department you work on. ", " Working at Amazon was an experience that I will not forget. A typical day at work would have included clocking in at my start time and normally working 10-12 hours a day. I would have to be on my feet at all times working from truck to truck packing them, or I would have to divert packages during the day. It was really well managed to the point that we met quotas really often. I was able to rely on nearly all of my co-workers to keep up with everything and we would help each other where it was needed. The hardest part of this job for me was the drive, I had to drive ~2 hours to get there plus another 2 hours to get home. This drive would have to be the worst thing about the job. The most enjoyable part was the environment in which I worked in. ", " Great job if you need money, but if you are going to school its extremely hard to balance both. They only down side is time off task, and if you are a stower it really sucks because you can't get past a picker, and picking behind another pickers is awful. Be prepared to deal with some rude coworkers. Not a job for sensitive people. But overall its a great job. Management it great and willing to work with you and help you grow. Just wasn't meant for me is all. ", " A typical day at Amazon for me would start at 7:30 am. I am on my feet all day. The work is constantly , non stop. At times the production levels can be over whelming. Thats when the help from management is needed, but thats you won't see happen. A manager getting their hands dirty. The hardest part of being an Amazon employee, is the 15 min. break , scan to scan. I would say the most enjoyable part of the job would be the pay. ", " Regardless of position on the floor, Amazon is a fast paced environment that requires multitasking, attention to detail, communication. People are generally easy to get along with, though management could use a tune up. Hardest part of the job is the hours. Overall, its the people who make the job worth going to, not the company. ", " You are not allowed to talk or use the restroom without getting written up. If you get hurt they fire you.They say there is a raise period, but lies never received a raise the 2 years i worked there said there was a freeze on it that they didn't inform the employees about.You can't promote from a tier 1 to a tier 4 without a college degree and lucky to get to a tier 3 without a degree. Overall a terrible company. ", " I was there for a year. They weed out older workers by constantly raising production goals until they can't be met and they fire you. It is also very click oriented.  If you are part of the click, you do fine. But if all you want to do is work, they'll find a way to get rid of you. Before taking a job with Amazon, look up the website called \"Faces of Amazon\". ", " Really liked my job there.  Co-workers were great, helping whenever I needed help.  I learned that tips to packing faster from co-workers helped me very much.  Hardest part of the job was when an item was missing, from scanning list.  Having to go find it in cubby.  Losing valuable packing time.   Seemed like management did not touch bases on my packing improvement.  And I could have been put on a different Position, rather then getting let go.  Another hard part of the job were the hours, 6:30 P.M. until 5 A.M.  But I was happy to be employed regardless! ", " A typical day at work is very long with your break time always seeming too short.  I have learned that amazon is a great company for a consumer but not so much as an employer.  Our management really pushed time lines which is fine but definitely favored certain employees more than others.  Overall it was a hard place to wake up and go to work because no one really seemed to be happy to be there whether they were a manager or non manager position. ", " I enjoyed working with all the people present. The atmosphere was not team work oriented. There were only a few people that were recognized as doing overachieving results. All people should have been commended as a team to promote better results and lower the turnover. After a while the job is boring and does not give the feeling of a superior performance. Positives give energy and negatives take energy. The atmosphere was more negative than positive, overall. ", " Working with roughly about 500- 1000 people daily, everyone doing different jobs working consistently and diligently to achieve an over-all common goal. ", " I enjoy my position.  Fun working atmosphere with great Supervisors.  Great benefits.  Hands on supervision.    My typical day at work begins with a stand up procedure to receive all updated announcements.  Work starts out with clocking in to your computer and getting the products ready to Prep...e.g., bagging, taping, bubble wrap, etc.  Hardest part of the job is standing on your feet for 10 or 11 hours a shift.  Most enjoyable is sitting down at break and lunch.  Resting your feet as much as possible.  Sharing important information with each co-worker to be sure the job process is successful. ", " A typical day at work here is always crazy because they set new rules everyday. I have learned to just suck it up and go with what ever come my way for that day. Management has no clue of whats going on. they are some good and some bad coworkers as every job is going to have. But I'm a people person anyway so I'm not really bothered by anyone. The hardest part of my job is having no good direction and no routine at all, everything is so disorganized. The most enjoyable part is only when i get the opportunity to learn new things, ", " I am a focused and determined team player. Works well with others to accomplish team goals. I have learned that finding strengths in others and focusing on those strengths fosters growth and success. The hardest part of the job is being constrained by things outside of my control. The most enjoyable part of the job is the camaraderie shared when we are successful and knowing the customers are benefiting from our success. ", " Compensation is lacking and is sad due to the revenue made by this company.  Most positions are seasonal or temporary with a possibility of being hired as a permanent full-time employee with no guarantee after 6 months of work.  A company this size should know within 3 months if an employee would be a fit or not a fit.  Spends a lot of money recovering issues with shipments instead of resolving the direct issue of allowing customers the ability to choose what shipper they want to use.  This company got the shipping formulas wrong...if a customer is willing to pay for whatever shipper they want to use this company should not tell the customer they know better than the customer.  Adding a fleet of trucks will not resolve this issue. ", " One of the worst places I have ever worked. The favoritism is an ongoing issue with the PA's and Managemen. They just turn a blind eye to it because they are too busy on Facebook and socializing with other employees. Seniority means nothing to them because they will promote someone (brownnoser)  that's only been there a year or less over someone that has years with the company. The environment reminds me high school with the constant gossiping and backstabbing that occurs and the lack of respect associates have for each other. The warehouse is filthy and the bathrooms are always a mess mostly due to bad bathroom etiquette from employees. Breaks are entirely too short and they count walking time as part of your break. And make sure you don't go over the allowed time for using the bathroom or you may have to cover it with personal time.  DONT WORK HERE!!! YOU WILL HATE IT! "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " good work, good hours, no short shifts. the only issue is eventually burning yourself out due to the constant, repetitive nature of the work itself. excellent benefits. ", " Great and friendly workplace where co workers get along well. Good work days. Friendly environment. Team work if need be. Good supervisor. Good environment. ", " Most day I would operate radio equipment making sure is was in proper working order. I would test it and talk to other people. I would work on c-17. I would meet all kinds of different people ", " Working with excel, management of capacity and velocitron. Responsible for scheduling and ensuring business results. The ability to understand and implement capacity management. ", " Becoming a dictatorship, the company allows management to pick and choose people they want fired and lets them make up things to terminate. You get yelled at for using the bathroom and are talked to for almost anything over a minute about why you were \"off-task\" ", " My experience working at Amazon was good. Your on your feet a lot and the work hours are a lot. Standing and walking for 10hrs are really hard to deal with but the work environment is fun and enjoyable. I learned how important it is to be very accurate and detail oriented when doing something very important for the records of the facility. Would I back to work there? Most definitely. You learn, meet new people, have fun and most importantly gain confidence that your can do anything you put your mind to. ", " I was hired at Amazon in November 2012. It was a fun work experience. The pay was good and I got a lot of overtime. Overall I enjoyed working there. Excellent. ", " its very fast paced, independent, cool work place, you basically get breaks every 3 hours, lunch on 4th hour of work, very tiring, standing for 10 hours, lifting 50 pounds ", " my father health is not good .igoing to my village and i will seing carefully my dad .i am in poor family. i want any job, if work hard i will do,but salary is v.good ex:20000 rs ,/month ", " amazon out of everywhere i have worked is really faced paced the only down fall to this place i would say is the managers don't seem to get your questions answered fast enough to help the customer and leaves you hanging to make a choice. other than that I like the place. ", " I left a position at a Company where I was offered a lead position and was under the impression that I was going to make a better wage. I unfortunately have found out that it takes 6 months to get a .25 cent raise. When I applied to this position I thought that there was going to be a great opportunity for advancement. I have now found that you are more like a number and it is hard to get recognized unless you are extremely fast. I wish I would have done a little bit more investigating before I took this position. I know that you are never supposed to talk bad about an employer but, I have many years of experience and feel that it was misleading when we first started as far as the wage goes. ", " I don't think that we are getting paid enough because we are using are own car and taking a chance with putting miles on the car. As well as the wear and tear of our vehicle. ", " The job was fun the first few weeks. After that it was terrible during peak time. The rules changed everyday without warning or at least a heads up. I would not recommend working here. Its just the name that makes it sound like a good job when it really is not. ", " Great company to work for with great health and work benefits.  The management and staff are wonderful reliable employees. The culture is phenomenal. I enjoyed working at Amazon because of the customers and staff which are more like a close wonderful reliable family. ", " It's a nice place to work, very flexible.  We get paid every week so that's another bonus. They have VTO which is voluntary time off, so if you have anything you need to get done it's usually always available. ", " If they tell you you can't ride on the conveyor they are lying. The time will come when the box is heavy enough and the managers aren't looking. Seize the moment. ", " I work at their delivery station 2-6 am. Great hours for school. Management is laid back as long as you are doing your job. Job is very easy, all you do is scan in packages and sort them. Time flies by! ", " If you can't keep up with their constant changing productivity quotas you will most certainly be let go...NO JOB SECURITY WHATSOEVER.  Pay was decent. ", " Upper management at Amazon has NO regard for any of their employees, they DO NOT care about your wellbeing no matter how much they say they do, they have unrealistic standards, no way to move up in the company unless you are a butt kisser, THEY OVER WORK ALL THEIR EMPLOYEES! You NEVER know if you can lose your job today or tomorrow. NOBODY KNOWS ANYTHING, EVERYBODY GIVES YOU THE RUN AROUND! ", " A typical day at Amazon for me would start at 7:30 am. I am on my feet all day. The work is constantly , non stop. At times the production levels can be over whelming. Thats when the help from management is needed, but thats you won't see happen. A manager getting their hands dirty. The hardest part of being an Amazon employee, is the 15 min. break , scan to scan. I would say the most enjoyable part of the job would be the pay. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " strict company rules but no unattainable. great benefits including company stock. 4 day work weeks. lots of available time off. mostly hands off management. ", " Its a good place when you need to earn some money but its not so easy peasy to hit the target. You must work really hard. Agency buses are very expensive so its better when u live near the place. ", " wonder team great leadership  big impact successful business excellent stock payout learned software maintenance and scaling and customer obsession the customer comes first ", " ok, hard work but can be boring as doing the same thing every night, they're always watching your every move, security walking round, getting scanned and having to sign out to go to the toilet, but there are people there who are a bit light fingered, but they get found out, get on with the job and you'll be alright. ", " To what extend I loved working in Amazon, has been useful for my characther have learnt how to work as warehouse operative. Good envoirment, positive staff and professionals ready to help you. ", " Be prepared to work! This is a tiring job and there is a quota one must fulfill every single day otherwise your job will be jeopardized. It can be hard to move departments or get promoted unless you are heavily favored. Great health, school and vacation benefits. Salary typically increases about $0.25 every 6 months. ", " management likes to be heard but them themselves dont like to listen needs improvements. Healthcare was great benefits and the extra that they offer works awesome. life/work balance not so much you pretty much year round unless you use your time to take off to enjoy most holidays with your family. ", " I loved working  for Amazon, A typical work day. I don't think there ever was such a day. After clocking in for the day we would rally together listen to a son or two to get us pumped  for our morning or afternoon stretches  ,Yes we do them, to get us ready for the day .I loved that part.  I loved the whole job, the job was very physical which I loved the hardest part at first was learning how  to build a pallet properly  and carrying big heavy boxes from the conveyor belt to the pallet that the matched the number and letter on the box  to the pallet. Eventually  I learned how to build a proper pallet  and I learned how  to base wrap the pallet. The most enjoyable part about   the job ,was the people  and the  job  its  self I never stayed in one place I was constantly moving constantly doing  something I was  always learning  something new. whether I was a splitter, or pick off ,or just  a scanner for the day  I loved my work at  Amazon. As far as management goes they are  Amazing ", " hard to work on Christmas period, need to work more then 5night a shift, but good pay rates, free coffee/tea machines. always happy to help and resolve problems ", " Learned as many positions as possible. Keep up with rates and quality to keep your managers and yourself out of trouble. Amazon gives you Paid time off, Vacation hours that you also accumulate, and Unpaid time off for emergencies. I met many great people, all vary from different ages and race. ", " Good benefits comes with headaches from management production is alright to work with with the right management. Expect a high turnover rate with production managers. ", " It was a good place to work , I wish I had to get hired on , but It was a temporary position , they laid me off after 3 months , I worked during peak season which was during the holidays ", " Working for Amazon was one of the best job experience I had although it was just seasonal the amazonians as we would say help each other out in any possible way ", " Amazon has great benefits and great opportunities for advancement. I became fond of the high pace work ethic that is desired there. Also, the environment is very family friendly and family oriented. ", " I  am hardworking individual, i once work Amazon from last year to this year January, i am still applying if there is any available job in Glasgow area. ", " Amazon was an okay job to work for. When they approve your time off without even looking to see if you have the time to be off is what is bad about the company. ", " A typical work day for me is starting off with, clocking in. I would come in 5 minutes before my shift and clock in. Then i would check the board to see what my function was and/or lane i'm on. We would walk half way across the facility to \"Stand Up\". This was a pre-shift meeting. After that we would go to where we were assigned. Then we scan packages in until we hit the number we are supposed to hit. Example, if they say we have to scan in 50,000 packages, we have a total of 5 hours to do so. If not finished after 5 hours, we go home and the next shift has to finish it. I learned team buildings three different roles, and to always be safe. The hardest part of job would be keeping a constant work flow on a slow day. Some days, the work is so slow and you have to find work to do. Most of the things you could think like: fixing pallets, base wrapping, cap wrapping, and staging pallets. The most enjoyable to part of the job was working with my team mates. I met some really cool and very nice people while working there. ", " Better than average benefits (medical, dental, vision, 401k, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, immediate stock bonuses vested after 2 years, etc.)Monthly bonuses (up to 16% of your wages [32% during peak months]), as of 02/2017. Wide variety of fulfillment center jobs, and employees can transfer to any department after 10 weeks of work. Amazon offers great benefits and a friendly work environment where managers are always willing to help you if there's an issue. The work is fast-paced and it will keep you in great physical shape. However, this job is not for everyone. ", " Amazon provides a fun work environment. they allow you to grow with in the company between each department and learn new things. you can work extra hours if needed, and work with you when help is needed. ", " Normal day at work is normal, you do your job and its done . A lot can actually be learned at Amazon opportunities/advancement are everywhere, security is nowhere. Only person looking out for you and your job is you.  Favoritism is blindingly obvious, some people will just get more out of being the bosses fun lil buddy. You'll know who these people are, they'll be the ones who never do anything but still have their job at the end of the day.  The workplace culture is like high school, you got the cool kids, the rebels, the smokers etc etc.. If you like Drama, work here, you'll love it.  Hardest part of the job is coming in everyday, lol only half serious. Hardest part has nothing to do with the job, the people will get to you before the job ever does. Stay solo.  The best part is also the hardest, the people. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Typical day at work included packing and sorting items to be delivered to customers  Learned how Amazon handles large quantities of orders via Internet  Management was hands off mostly because of the large number of employees and large work area (warehouse)  Culture was mostly routine once you got your daily assignment  Hardest part of job was fighting fatigue as breaks were very short  Job paid weekly. ", " I assisted unloading trucks @ 100,000 packages a night ensuring they arrived to the proper locations accurately and on time .very fast paced fun environment .lots of great give aways to the staff members  . Management friendly and approachable .  Wide variety of shifts and hours to work . Training classes for advancement. Lots of opertuinity and room to grow. Parking off cite for some employees are chartered by bus from nearby parking lots ", " The first 5 months flew by before i knew it! I am a reserves customer service associate working from home. The reserves program is excellent for flexibility but it also takes a strongly independent individual to complete the training and work day in and day out without ever meeting or even speaking with another Amazon employee. Regardless, the atmosphere is awesomely positive. Our customers adore us and that makes for a great feeling of satisfaction.   Regarding wage and benefits. I could use more an hour and there are no benefits for those considered seasonal or part-time. Even though I have been working 40+ hours a week. I think the flexibility is the biggest benefit for this position. I am able to work another job if I choose and use Amazon to fill in the gaps to create a nice supplemental income.   Advancement appears to be available but I really haven't tried or paid much attention to the postings. By other reviews on here advancement sounds readily available.   Overall, I wouldn't trade this job for anything! I'm in love with Amazon!! ", " Great company to work for but management needs a lot of work. Morale is very low. With my experience working at Amazon, too many people there in management positions that don't know their job and alot of them show favoritism. Not enough support from management with training and development. They use and abuse you and then find out ways to get rid of you. ", " come in work hard and get the job done to my fullest and always safe at my job. alot of the times you just work to hard and you never are appreciated and now adays you come in to work and you never now if you are going to have a job or not they are taking alot of volunteer time off and there is no work trying to figure out what is going on and no one will tell us anything so i am kind of scared for that, i am just ready for a change in my life. ", " A typical day at Amazon for me would start at 7:30 am. I am on my feet all day. The work is constantly , non stop. At times the production levels can be over whelming. Thats when the help from management is needed, but thats you won't see happen. A manager getting their hands dirty. The hardest part of being an Amazon employee, is the 15 min. break , scan to scan. I would say the most enjoyable part of the job would be the pay. ", " I had a very good experience with Amazon. With a willingness to work hard and devote your time at work to fulfilling the basic requirements of the job, all workers were eligible for advancement and appropriately compensated for their work.  The management also seemed committed to supporting all the associates and creating a friendly and productive atmosphere. ", " My typical day at work was very fun and very self competitive. The most enjoyable part of working with amazon, is working with really nice and funny co-worker. Also knowing your co workers and management are always there to help you in anyway. I would have to say that, the only hard part in working with amazon, is trying to get a parking. Other than that, I enjoyed every day I clocked into work. ", " On a typical day coming into stand up you find out your goal for the day and you try to reach it. My experience there made me very competitive and achieving goals were easy.  The hardest part was the long hours during peak season but the checks were the most enjoyable. ", " Awesome place to work but not for the weak or lazy that's why I liked this job. The benefits and pay were great. My team was great I just had issues with the management team they seem to do nothing. I liked the 2nd shift with 10 hour 4 day work schedule just didnnt like the amount of overtime pushed to one shift but not others or management. ", " The work day was 10 hours long although the work week only has 4 days, very packed work in the day and keeps getting more demanding. Amazon as a company always tries to keep you motivated with rewards but the management sometimes fails to do the same.  The hardest part of the job is standing around for 10 hours a day in steel toes sometimes being in the same place, the most enjoyable isbeing done for the day ", " This company is great in terms of benefits and work culture. Pay is also very good here as well with many opportunities for advancement. If you are lucky enough or skilled enough to get a tier 3 position or higher take it and run with it. ", " Great job if you need money, but if you are going to school its extremely hard to balance both. They only down side is time off task, and if you are a stower it really sucks because you can't get past a picker, and picking behind another pickers is awful. Be prepared to deal with some rude coworkers. Not a job for sensitive people. But overall its a great job. Management it great and willing to work with you and help you grow. Just wasn't meant for me is all. ", " Amazon is a continuous improvement environment. They stand behind their principles, one of which is dealing with ambiguity. With stock prices soaring, the prospect of receiving compensation in the form of stock, as well as competitive wages in management roles the job seems alluring.  All management roles go thru a rotation of departments, times, and days. This is an effort to round out each candidate to help them rise thru the ranks. This can be tough for anyone with smaller children.  The fast paced environment can also lead to meteoric rises for some and wastelands of underdevelopment from others. Conference calls are attended by yes men and eager pleasers who aren't willing to push back on the view from the top. ", " Easy to work there, fun to do, different departments and promotions available. They are a good company with good management and good pay rates. Highly recommended. ", " The fastest paced warehouse I've ever worked in, and you make no more or less for production speed (Picker/Selector). Pay wasn't the best, but you also weren't lifting large products. Fun, full of culture, but tough hours at the specific location and position I filled. Job security was great and my wife received a promotion a week after being there! (we both worked at the same time). ", " Amazon is a great company to work for and it is easy to advance in the company. Amazon also has amazing benefits for there employees and there families. ", " this workplace has had a great vibe with helpful people. On a typical day is an everyday routine, come to work, do you job as told and make sure you get it done on time before the timer runs out. The workplace culture is simple but interesting people, all kinds of people. The hardest part of this job was having a timer that gives you very limited time to pick the product and give it to the packers for shipping. ", " Really liked my job there.  Co-workers were great, helping whenever I needed help.  I learned that tips to packing faster from co-workers helped me very much.  Hardest part of the job was when an item was missing, from scanning list.  Having to go find it in cubby.  Losing valuable packing time.   Seemed like management did not touch bases on my packing improvement.  And I could have been put on a different Position, rather then getting let go.  Another hard part of the job were the hours, 6:30 P.M. until 5 A.M.  But I was happy to be employed regardless! ", " A typical day at work is very long with your break time always seeming too short.  I have learned that amazon is a great company for a consumer but not so much as an employer.  Our management really pushed time lines which is fine but definitely favored certain employees more than others.  Overall it was a hard place to wake up and go to work because no one really seemed to be happy to be there whether they were a manager or non manager position. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " At Amazon I picked products that were ready to be shipped out to customers as well as packed the products when they were ready to be sent down the conveyor to be loaded into the trucks. This job often times required me to fix the ranpack machines as well as the label maker whenever they would malfunction.  At this job I also had to teach the new employees how to do these things as well so they would learn for the future. ", " Fast paced, and had incentives such as drawings for gift cards if you work hard, but some people didn't so a lot of the work fell more on the harder workers. It was ok. Good part time because it is very physical. Dealing with the HR and managers were so so...the managers listened but they never solved a problem. They just referred you to another manager or area. The HR basically answered all but the setup as really unclear due to the fact they operate off a point system and you would get points for something that wasn't your fault like when it snowed and you had no way. They also would promise you would leave early and on a day like that day you would leave a hour late. So it was ok but nothing I would brag about- ", " Amazing Company to work for!! The management is very helpful and you care about their employees. There is really no down cons for working for Amazon for! ", " I would scan items around the building. I would pick and pack items for the customers throughout the UK. The work was repetative but was fulfilling everyday. ", " Company and Management are friendly to their worker. Very fast pace environment. Safe place to work. People are friendly and easy to get along with. Pay are not great but work are easy ", " Working in amazon its just awesome place. many thing to learn. i get lots of international work experience out there. and many up to date Technic to use there. Management is supporting and grow you well. ", " I think amazon is a great company to work for but i would have to that I really enjoyed helping customers with their online shopping experience, assisting them with their item returns ", " Just managers and associates. Everyday when I go in to work I feel like im valued as an employee and wouldnt change that for nothing in the world, by far the best company i have worked for. ", " Experience there was ok. Very unorganized at times. Not sure what else to say as I was fired unfairly. I had a doctors note to excuse the days I was out but it was not acceptable. ", " its a good job to a person who likes working at the warehouse. also who can keep up with rates. but its not a job for me. to much stress for me to be able to keep this job. also to far of a drive putting to much miles on my car. i love the pay and the benefits. ", " warehouse picking and packing, excellent attention ti detail, teamworking, dependable, hard working,.  Streneous work.  Good pay. Working hard at a job. ", " I dislike amazon after I worked there for a year but I was going to school so I didn't want to quit before I finished. Your body gives out, your mind gets bored, and mangers don't give any care in the world about you. I would never work for Amazon again it has cause me some great pain in my body. Lets just say this is coming from someone who loved their job. ", " Entry-Level pay and benefits I would say are the best parts of the job, and the people I have met on the job have become friends for life. Would say advancing would be a longshot in this job enviorment. The feeling is the job is for people that have no choice or doing it for the summer. ", " A night involves starting your shift by clocking in, followed by a team briefing where you find out what is needed for the day, After that you collect your equipment and begin your work until instructed and moved onto other tasks or the shift ends.  I usually worked 5 days of 11 hours, with 2 days off. two 15 minute breaks and one 30 minute lunch break. Shifts rarely change and are consistent but overtime can become compulsory during peak periods.  Management is good and it is very easy to make friends with co workers as you will run into them very often during work.  The hardest part of the job was all the walking and hitting targets set by management which increase more often than they decrease. ", " Amazon is a great company to move up in leadership. They offer numerous promotions and benefits. Overall its a great community with diversity and culture, Amazon cares about customer satisfaction and pushing sales each year. ", " Great environment to grow. Lots of teamwork and communication. Competitive salary, available overtime, and great benefits. A truly great employer. Miss being there. ", " Good short term job. Hard At first but once you learn whats expect easy to stay focused and make rate every night. Has a very diverse range of ethnicity in workers. ", " Assisted in unloading/loading within production, small sort, scanning, labeling, sorting packages, and operating pallet jack. Inventory control. nice place to work ", " Continuous work always something to do, fast promotions, Great benefits on-site medical care, 7 different forklifts, put of town expenses paid for trainers ", " The break rooms in any of them were perfect. The food in the freezers where always fresh and the t.vs where awesome as well. I always had a fun time playing in the table tenis things. Also everyone are so nice and accepting while working there. Great place to work. I recommend it anyone. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Working at amazon was a very interesting experience for me. I loved my job and the people i worked with. It just wasn't the job for me. Its not a hard job at all. ", " Good place to work at.Cannot really tell about any real big highlight. Benefits were just average for any other company. So much noise about Amazon culture but that's just work hard to make them mae more and more money ", " i was working the overnight shift the employees were bullys and horrible to work with , we spent half are lunch time trying to get down the stairs and waiting in line to clock out. ", " I worked from 10 am- 9:30 pm, management was not that good, it would take days to get a response about healthcare questions or just questions in general. There definitely wasn't enough training to do the required job. They say you'll get hired on full time but you don't. They just keep hiring 100s at a time then they'll let you go early. The type of work I did, which was only helping logistics customers and drivers was so fun. I loved my coworkers, the ones I talked to at least. It's impossible to have a life or even to call off because you only get 20 hours of UPT and that's it. They won't let you call off a whole shift even if it's an emergency. The starting pay is incredibly low too for being a job like it is and getting abuse from the customers and drivers. ", " Leadership from the CEO on down is dysfunctional. Management have no clue how to lead or manage people. They do not recognize talent, just suck-ups and yes men/women. Hence, why they hire so many foreigners in the fulfillment center. They work you like a mule. pay is low for what you do. ", " Management were good an encouraging. being warehouse work the job was as fun as much as the effort you put in. every day can be different as their is a variety of jobs to be carried out in the warehouse ", " Needs more staff to fulfil promises. There are some really attractive benefits for working at Amazon. Jobs are easy in some departments and harder in others. ", " All about getting orders through to be packed and shipped off in a timely manner with consistency no time to chat until break time and lunch time but great place in general ", " Very easy work and fun people but the hours aren't so great. Lots of Amazon terminology and rules to learn. VERY short breaks. Employees don't get the appreciation and rewards that they should receive for helping the company surpass their daily goal. ", " I am a current employee at one of the Amazon Fulfillment Centers. I enjoy the fast-paced yet fun environment. During my time here, I have developed new leadership and communication skills. I  enjoy the variety of co-workers who I have met through this company. All of the Managers in the facility are very informative and helpful. What I enjoy most about this job is the flexible scheduling, and constant opportunities it provides for growth. ", " Amazon is a good place to work when they have work. I use to love doing my job but over time it just wasn't fun anymore. I'm ready for the work to come back . ", " I like working for Amazon but It can be a bit unorganized at times.  I am not used to this at all.  There is room for growth if you want it at Amazon. ", " The demand a lot with little in the form of compensation.  They care more about the customer than the people that work for them.  Unless that person is a customer.  The job is quick paced with little down time and can be very physically challenging.  If its not being physically challenging then it is being mentally challenging.  Management cares more about production, than the overall moral of its employees.  Minimal room for advancement, with lots of openings available.  Expect soul breaking overtime during \"peak\"  With minimal hours during the rest of the year, and or nothing to do for extended periods of time.  The only reason to stay at this job is the benefits, and the co-workers who are going through it all with you. ", " I like Work In Amazon Fulfillment Every Person Very Help Full  And Most Important Very Care full About Safety and I fell proud with Amazon thanks Be A Part Of Amazon Family ", " I would go in a get my scanner and count and put it into the scanner i had to count product of all kind,i did gift wrapping problem solver on the computer i did most of all kind of work,random stow.I love working ", " A typical day at amazon as an ambassador is to supervise employees that their working on their daily work. Also help manager with any task that he has for you. ", " I only worked here for a couple months as a seasonal employee. I enjoyed it. It was very fast paced and very hard work. The hours were amazing. Got lots of overtime as well. ", " Not a bad company to work for if you don't mind warehouse work. The people are friendly and they care about their employees. The benefits are on par with other companies, and the hourly pay is reasonable. ", " A typical day at Amazon is moderate, Evenings are the busiest. I learned a great Customer based system and how to deal with difficult customers. Amazon has a very sound work culture and fellow employees are helpful, compassionate and kind. Amazon's work from home position does have a high churn rate however is a great position for a stay at home Mom, Student and/or Need extra income person however it does require patience, maximum hourly work to gain moderate compensation and a solve problem quickly response, which was cultivating. The most enjoyable part of Amazon was the people. Amazon has an outstanding management team. ", " I enjoyed everything about working at amazon. It was fun and fast paste. Clean and understanding and everyone was friendly and helpful. Being responsible for packing and unpacking also stowing and unstowing. The only hard part was getting to work with out trAnsportation and public transportation if you dont know your wah around and if you not o. Schedule. Besides that i loved it "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It's a fun place to work but also hard work. I worked 3 am in the morning and It was alright if you get a decent amount of sleep. It pays good and they pay you every Friday. ", " Before I started they gave you the opportunity to choose your schduel. Worked with your hours if needed to work additional hours u can easily apply for it. Nothing but friendly employees ", " After working in this environment for 2 years I have noticed that Amazon is a bit on the sly side. They constantly hire too many people, then fire too many when work declines. After a peak season every shift was operating on a skeleton crew, but the paper will say that Amazon hired 500 new people in a month or 2. The work itself is not too bad, though be careful of others because they tend to work extremely unsafely. Safety has been addressed by most of the staff (including myself), though management is more focused on numbers, whether they admit to it or not. ", " Was a good seasonal job good pay and you could work at a comfortable pace. hardest part was during peak business times work 12 hour days and on your feet whole day. Best part was good pay and 4 day work week. ", " when you first come in before you start working you will have to stretch because the job involves a lot of walking bending and lifting. drink a lot of water it will be hot.   you will get 2 breaks and 1 30 min lunch ", " Not a nice place to work, they don't care about employees needs Youre not allowed to talk just work no fun and no play work work work I want to change jobs because am unhappy there ", " it was okay, the hours are sometimes to long with working up to 12 hours a day and they only tell you a day in advance, its literally impossible for some people to work there trying to keep up with rates because if you dont hit it every single day you get written up, the manager i had you didnt see much and if you asked for something it would take him forever to do, before i left the new ops manager was trying to fire people because they were getting written up for going out the wrong door or a piece of paper sitting at someones station. ", " Good money but poor management ,they changed hour from 10 to 11 in a work day mandatory overtime all the time. All they wanted was there numbers to be right ND to meet they quoter for the day. ", " This is a great job with a good team, lots of training and learning involved from prep items to reviving stock that is then distributed to other facilities ", " A typical day at work would be walking from floor to floor, area to area finding items that need to be shipped. Fast pace is necessary. I learned what's the difference between Off the wall Vans, campared to a nice pair of walking Nike's. I felt management was set up by picking the hardest of the workers, which was not bad. Finding the smallest of items amongst a hundred other small items. The groups meetings were very enjoyable, as were the pre-work workouts. Which made the 10 hour shifts bearable. ", " Very productive and fun workplace with ping-pong table and great work-life balance Job work-life balance was excellent Compensation and benefits were excellent ", " this workplace has had a great vibe with helpful people. On a typical day is an everyday routine, come to work, do you job as told and make sure you get it done on time before the timer runs out. The workplace culture is simple but interesting people, all kinds of people. The hardest part of this job was having a timer that gives you very limited time to pick the product and give it to the packers for shipping. ", " Amazon is a great company with innovative ideas and future plans. Amazon gave me my best confidence so far. It was fun working to meet deadlines but can be demanding. No server downtime is allowed. Feels good to be part of something great and a privilege to work at Amazon, thank you. ", " Work on the daily was like any other job, where you have your, basic minimum wage experience by performing robotic work contraptions, ideal back and forth walking, and repetitive tasks. I learned you just cant put your full trust into supervisors even if they give you a smile or two, especially when trying to figure out why its taking a whole month for someone to complete basic referrals for you to be able to get paid. Yes id say that the work culture is very high in value as it may take the edge off of the fact that your Supervisors/Managers/Bosses are fluent in the Native language English, But act as though comprehension and communication play no part in interacting with another human being, AT ALL!!! The hardest part wast definitely the lack of patience i had to undergo from the Supervisors/Managers/Bosses while dealing with bills, rent, and other payments because i had to keep waiting, on that referral form to be sent from my job to my debit/cardholder company. I have to admit the easiest part of the job had to be the work itself while just walking back, and forth collecting items and placing them in bags withing a certain amount of time was pretty fun. ", " They work you like a slave and if you can't make your rate while you are there you start to accrue right up and you can get a write up per week. After 3 write ups you're up for termination and they will give you a write up even if the machines broke down so long as at least one other person made rate that day ", " horrible place,you have to working as slave. no owertime,no private life,no hollidays,no cristmas. absolutley nothing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ", " I love working for Amazon they spoil me there, sometimes when I'm there it doesn't even feel like work. I've found that I have more to offer as an employee while working at Amazon. ", " I worked there and was very good.I learn there to make  riceive, stow and  picking.I riceive one good training.Was good with more training because you do not know when passed a time.You work for pleasure !! ", " As a point of me Amazon is a friendly and fun work envaironment place, especially when we are dealing with nice customer while delivering his or her packages. ", " Lost weight good for your health high expectations o real chance for advancement. unreasonable expectations. hard to meet goals always changing minimum rates. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Worked for the season of autumn and winter and learned the trade of mass warehouse experience. Job was filled with training and motivation to work. Good for hours and overtime. ", " I am still working in Amazon and it is a good job especially for a few months but it is not a long term type of job, it doesn't have as much aspiration that other jobs can provide. ", " a typical day of work at amazon its not something you wood like som much beacuse its very strssful  you wake un in the morning and you don t now when are you camming back home too many parcels to delyver and not to much money ..... ", " This job is good for a college student or as a stepping stone for better employment. If you can make it through some rough work environments, and tough to deal with management style. ", " A lot of changing in leaders, rules, etc.  Lack of accountability with so many people during peak time.  There are many parts of the operation that could be improved to be better efficient. ", " Its ok to work here, however they only offer Temp or permanent part-time only. There is no benefits at all since your here as a part time employed. The people are very nice and the co workers! ", " I am in college and was told they would work with my schedule. After training they told me I had to work a minimum of 20 hours and was required to choose 5 days in a row with 4 hour shifts or 2 weekend days working 10 hours. I was forced to take the weekend shift because I have school during the week and can't work 5 days in a row. The pay is great but the job can be monotonous and it is not fun working 10 hours a day. ", " Amazon was a good to work you get to see new people and the boss at the company are good people. Amazon you get to meet and see new things that are coming in and out. ", " Amazon is a great company enjoy working there. Job security is the Biggest thing the company lacks. The managers are great. The atmosphere is Diverse and friendly. They provide sick hours and paid time off for all employees. ", " Great Benefits for full-time associates. The work is mundane, but the pay is very good. There are a lot of options to move up in the job and to take advantage of their school program. ", " No advancement good people nice place to work has ac in he building. Good pay only part time. Hr is good management is bad. Good break rooms 15 minute break ", " good firm to work for but long hours good canteen and managers are ok. you must reach your targets every day or they want to know why you cant. good job if you are young good prospects. on your feet all day you get three breaks in your shift per day . you can smoke outside only on your break. ", " Was a good experience regarding picking and sorting out customer orders. That includes packaging and palleting  for delivery to individuals and companies. ", " I worked in a productive and fun place. I developed communication skills and experience as a driver. This job help me to be a better person and a good worker. ", " I have no complaints about working at amazon. Its a great company to work for. The training is done well as well as all the managers are always willing to help you. ", " We were given basic training and expected to preform outrageously, attempting to meet exceptionally high standards, regardless of where things were located.  Managers would come by fairly infrequently to comment on your work, telling you to move faster. ", " While working at Amazon I experienced late checks and sometimes all of the money was not there. There is a lot of heavy lifting of packages in small vans that cause you to strain your back. ", " Amazon.com was a temporary job assignment that was very close to my previous place of residence. Although a somewhat productive work environment, in my personal opinion, Amazon cripples itself due to lack of communication between departments and also management. ", " great place to work in teams and individual, steady schedule. the co- workers help each other to make sure that things run smooth. Although i think Amazon can improve on its  management. ", " Amazon is a great company to work for! My position there was only seasonal, I wish i could get a full time position with them! They were amazing and helpful people! "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Benefits and wages are sweet deal but other than that management is not where i expected to be. Every work day is basically doing same thing and there is nothing to learn in a workplace comparing other workplaces where there are more opportunities to learn something every single day. ", " a day in the life as an amazon manager, tough  typical day come in do duties, unload trucks send milk runs  co workers are ok  management does not give tools to succeed ", " Amazon is an amazing company in that they operate as a start-up company and allow you, as a member of management, to really own your work and its processes.  I really like being able to develop talent and processes.    The downfall of the company is that work/life balance is not promoted...it's basically business needs come first. ", " Amazon is a great company to grow with. They have great benefits, gives you shares of stock after 2 years of working with the company, and offer career classes. ", " Amazon has an amazing breadth of intelligent and thoughtful people working for it, being undermined and driven out by a culture of toxic management. The combination of promoting engineers to management without training and the pressure new managers face from stack ranking leads to insecure and panicked decision making that can poison an otherwise great team.   Now Amazon is big, and parts of it are protected from this toxicity by great upper managers/directors. But if you are not in one of those groups, you will have to constantly look over your shoulder in case your (often remote) manager decides to make you the sacrificial lamb. Whatever you are told your performance will be judged on is patently false, tossed aside at the earliest convenience, giving you no real way to measure if you will be praised or put down from one week to the next.  It's a shame, too, since there's a kernel of an awesome culture just under the surface of this management waste spill. ", " Amazon's promotion process rewards people who have better visibility with people who have no idea about your work. Leads to internal politics about who you know and how you can get your name known across the org in order to be promoted. People's incentives are aligned to drive poor treatment of those who cannot help you get promoted. ", " Initally I liked working with Amazon because the treatment was equal and nobody was left out. After a while, favoritism set in, the slogan encourages the workers to have fun and we had absolutely no fun, just all about work and getting the best numbers. Have elderly people bust their backs and expect them to keep up with people 18-25yr age bracket which isn't fair and they would get written up or terminated for performance rate being too low. ", " Was hired to be a packer for the holiday season and had gone through Integrity Staffing to get the job. When I was hired the experience for the first week was pleasant until training was over I found out that the Amazon facility had over staffed and my position that I was hired for was no longer what I was having to do. The daily change of your station was ludicrous and unorganized. I had the chance to work the position I was hired to do for a week to then be moved around to 4 or 5 other positions that I had no training for and was forced to learn on the spot in an extremely fast paced work environment which was unfair to the other associates who had been in there positions for awhile because it was forcing them to slow down the work process do to my inexperience and lack of training. ", " I did not mind the job requirements for Amazon. I was rated at the top of my peers when we had to get our rates. I do feel that the company will help you proceed in the direction you want to go in in your career. I enjoyed the job but I did not care for the way problems were solved inside the company. I do know that now they have improved their staff which improved their production. ", " Amazon is a very busy place to work. Lots of overtime during peak seasons (up to 60 hour weeks mandatory). Limited vacation and personal time. Doesn't take doctors notes. Lazy managers. Have a daily quota you must meet. Write ups for not meeting quotas. Will be fired after 4 write ups. ", " Long hours, standing the entire time except for breaks, extreme temps, heavy lifting, loud conveyers. There is an ergonomic pad to stand on at your station. There is a meeting at the beginning of the shift and after lunch called a \"standup\" ....they give safety tips and other announcements. Also, a 1 minute stretch routine. Management keeps track of how you manage your time at your station. ", " Amazon's motto: Work Hard/Make History adequately sums up what it is like to work there. There is always a task that needs to be accomplished, and always a process that can be improved. You will work hard, but you will also earn adequate compensation. ", " This company does not believe in second chances, you make 1 small mistake and you're fired immediately. Harshest violations I've ever experienced ever ", " Benefits, and requesting days offs are good very high. Security is very strict. The work life is the worst though I can see why many people leave it. Aren't allow to communicate and talk. Managers don't fill you in all the time. Other than that a good place if you like to work and don't like to communicate to people. ", " Overall good place to work, management can be a little overbearing during fast paced days but their not unfair or irrational. Most packages in 1 day is 203,000 but usually no more than 150,000. Must be ready to do physical labor for at least 4 hours. Only downsides are parking and short breaks. ", " during my time at amazon, i was promoted in 6 months. hard work gets you far, and they love to promote from within. the culture is unmatched in the job force, and management is also. ", " I really enjoy what I do at Amazon.  I work with people from many different cultures.  They are very friendly and easy to get along with.  Management is great.  I go into work everyday with a smile because I really love what I do at Amazon.  I love sorting the packages and scanning them to the correct number pallet. ", " Living in Dundee the very early travel to Dunfermline was a nightmare. Leave at 5.30am arrive 6.30am cannot start until 7.30am. Leave at 6.30pm back home just before 8 in bed for 9.00pm. No work life balance during week. Ask far too high targets most of the time unachievable unless you are a robot. Constant fear of paranoia with job security because of it. ", " Work consisted of lots of moving and lifting. Not much contact with management. 20-30 hours per normal week (different during peak). Some people work hard while others do not work. Decent pay for the work that is asked to do. ", " management likes to be heard but them themselves dont like to listen needs improvements. Healthcare was great benefits and the extra that they offer works awesome. life/work balance not so much you pretty much year round unless you use your time to take off to enjoy most holidays with your family. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Nice job but, could use better management. There were really a lot of  holes in their system and in the very slow help center. A major lack of any serious help. ", " Each day at work I pick customer orders, pack them, and then load the orders on the truck. The managers at Amazon encourage the importance of safety in a working environment. ", " Working at Amazon was an awful experience.  Careless co-workers caused me an injury.  Amazon is refusing to pay my medical bills or any salary while I am off work.  Awful place to work! False advertising about benefits. ", " Professional but laid back company to work for; has utmost respect for customers as well as employees; offers relaxation at work in form of game room and TVs; HR cooking for employees at random times, in addition to annual company picnic ", " My work day consisted of wrapping pallets, scanning said pallets in designated areas and preparing for other shifts.Obtained a hazmat certification, taught how to operate an RC forklift - straddle stacker. Most of the management were exceptional, especially the two on wrap down shift. PA's were fantastic as well. ", " My experience at Amazon was great and most of the staff was very delightful and helpful. Some days can become a challenge but the one thing I love most about working at Amazon is that everyone pitches in as a team to get the job done and it makes things so much easier. ", " It was my responsibility to collect customer orders, insure that the items were in good condition and undamaged, and send them along to the next step in the process. ", " They treat you like dogs. At this location, we are so under paid. We work so hard but yet the managers never see it. It's not worth it at all. Don't waste your time here. ", " I worked there for 2 months.Atmosphere was very good and workers were very friendly.i hot 15 dollors per hour there.I was doing night shift there which was quite enjoyful. ", " Amazon is the best job i ever had. It pays good, you move at your own pace, and you work in your own area. I packed up the items on the shelves they gave us. ", " I learned a lot of organizational skills and how to work in a time crunch. The people were always helpful, and they would work with your schedule. I mostly enjoyed my time there. ", " amazon has good benefits, but bad for employees in general. they are trying to get the most out of you or get fired.  before coming to amazon, I didn't know the term Slave Labor.   need I say more? ", " long hours standing in 1 place 30min lunch break takes to long to get from warehouse to locker to canteen leaves about 10mins to eat your lunch even less time if you smoke and have to go outside ", " They cut your hours down to 1 to 2 hours a day.. they offer voluntary time off you can sign up for.. then send you a letter for termination for not coming to work. They don't care about people trying to provide for families. ", " The work is hard. You're on your feet 10-12 hours a night, and you are moving that whole time. Only get a 30 min lunch, and for the most part, you're exhausted when you're done. During peak seasons you work 6 days a week. So not much time down. But the paychecks are huge at that time. ", " This job is great, everyone is very friendly and there to help you if you ever need it. They fully train you and make sure you understand the job. If you still don't understand the job they will retrain you. It is always very clean and organized. ", " Very easy company to work for, management is always where they can be found. Very fun atmosphere. the hardest part is standing for 10 to 11 hours a night. ", " Working at the Amazon Warehouse was probally one of the best Wareouses ive ever worked at. They Provide good Benefits, Work Enviroment, and the Lunch Rooms Have a large variety of food to choose from. And is a great place to start your |First Job. ", " If you don't mind standing for 10 hours straight then best of luck to you. You get watched with your every single move you make. If you go to the bathroom or the client too long they will come and question you and ask you why you where gone so long. ", " It was great for a few months to earn some extra cash.  It is a great place to work if you enjoy doing wear house work.  I don't know that much about it except holiday time. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It really depends on who the manager is. Most managers look at you like numbers but there are a select few who are amazing. Most of the people that work there are nice and hate it probably as much as you will. HR is lazy. Only rarely will they actually HELP you. Day shift has to usually do all night shifts work and never get to home early while night shift doesn't even have to come it. They were in the process of fixing that last I heard. ", " Despite what others have to say i personally Loved working at Amazon the Environment is fast paced and the Pay is Awesome!!! i would suggest if your not a fan of being constantly active it is not the job or place for you. ", " Working at amazon is great, because of all the diversity and you got a lot of opportunities. They offer after you are 1 year being a blue batch some kind of scholarship and they pay for your studies which is awesome. ", " Overall a good place to work. My job consist of problem solving. Correcting merchandise that came into the warehouse wrong.  Plus I also did Receiving, Stow and Picking of merchandise also. ", " They try to Over work you for the pay they give is not worth it, if you know more than one job and are a ASSET that doesnt get taking into consideration! nor does your pay rate go up. you could do more than your AM ( Area Managers)  and still get paid same as the person who does little to no work! little to No appreciation ", " It's hard to say because I was a temp and again Amazon had an assembly line process so a lot of times I had to wait for work. When the work came they timed you on how long it would take you to process the order and move on to the next person. ", " Long hours and repetitive work is normal for any factory job. The managers were great and so were the employees. If a job is needed and you are willing to have a factory job this one is highly recommended ", " When working with Amazon, you know you are always going to be busy doing something, no matter what. Get to lean how the packing and shipping industry works. ", " The job is very tiring and hard on your physical strength , the money is good but prepare yourself to work, Everyone is very nice and friendly in the establishment ", " the hours affect social life, theynot rotational and available for 24 hrs. theres barely any incentive they base incentive on customer satisfaction instead of QA ", " I have really enjoyed working at Amazon as the working has been really interesting.  I am disappointed that there were no full time permanent roles available as I would have really liked to have stayed.  Overall, I would work at Amazon again. ", " I've been an Amazon employee for a little over a year and in that time I've dealt with lying and backstabbing from my managers and peers as a way to advance. Amazon puts little emphasis on how well you do your job or how well skilled you are and a lot of emphasis on who you know and how well you can play a political game to advance in your career. ", " A day at Amazon consisted of packing shipments and problem solving if needed. I learned how to solve problems with shipments (damaged, correct labeling, corrected a problem and cancelled shipments), management was bit of a problem. They moved managers around all the time and once you thought you had a great manager they ended up moving out of the department or moving up with Amazon. The hardest part about the job was when we had to get thousands of shipments packed an hour before the deadline. The most enjoyable part of the company were people who cared about their work, getting packages sent out, and knowing we had great benefits. ", " Great place to work, managers are never around and there is a lot of drama that goes on. So many people date each other in the call centers and makes life difficult for others without personal matters involved. The management sucks and they blame others for nonsense. People walk around without socks and shoes on so sometimes the place smells like feet. ", " The hardest part working for Amazon you do A lot of walking.  Working 10 hours and breaks and lunches are very short. The Managers are very nice and respectful and easy to talk to. ", " Amazon is a rough place to work, you stand 10 hours a day on your feet and they expect you to pack 120 plus packages.   if there is not enough work for the day, they will send you home thru voluntary time out. ", " I was there for a year. They weed out older workers by constantly raising production goals until they can't be met and they fire you. It is also very click oriented.  If you are part of the click, you do fine. But if all you want to do is work, they'll find a way to get rid of you. Before taking a job with Amazon, look up the website called \"Faces of Amazon\". ", " Very busy and exciting opportunities at Amazon. It is a fast-paced workplace, with a lot of required walking, but there are many opportunities for growth and promotion at Amazon. ", " Typical work day was 4 hours with a 15 minute break. The job was relatively easy it was just a lot of work. I learned that I can do anything I set my mind to and its okay to seek help if necessary. The management was very flexible and extremely helpful. They worked with you on a personal level if need be. The hardest part of the job was really how far it was from where I lived. The most enjoyable part was the people I met. ", " Working at Amazon.com was a very good experience. It was hard work, but the money and the benefits were good. Amazon gave you chances to get degrees while you were employed there, and gave you plenty of overtime. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Good place to work. Long hours, short breaks, decent pay. The managers are nice. Co workers can be hard to work with. The hours are set until you have worked 90days. ", " This company is great in terms of benefits and work culture. Pay is also very good here as well with many opportunities for advancement. If you are lucky enough or skilled enough to get a tier 3 position or higher take it and run with it. ", " Amazon makes sure that their employees are always safe and secure. The stretches before we even start working and right after lunch does wonders for us. I never knew how many different things that the customers order online until I started packing. It really is a very friendly and safe atmosphere. ", " Stretching before a 10 hour shift was always mandatory with a little pep session that the supervisors would give. Depending on which department you are set in, you have different obligations. ", " When they allowed us to work from home it was the greatest opportunity I have ever gotten. I was salary based but I loved my job so much I didn't mind working 70 hours per week from home. ", " The most enjoyable part of my job is to lead a team to success and also lead associates who wants to grow with the company so they can take the knowledge I taught them and share it with others to be better at what they do or to make a difference in operations to meet good numbers and to make customers satisfied. ", " Working at Amazon is fun if you make it fun. You have to go into Amazon with a positive attitude. Amazon is like a big family, everyone is full of life. I would recommend a lot of people to work at Amazon because they have a lot of benefits once you switch over to Fulltime and they also pay good, the work is also just as easy. ", " Terrible hours, promise of great earnings, instead was working 12 hour shifts for 45 pounds a day (which is about half the money than working for minimum wage) Terrible waiting time in the morning and not competetive salary ", " The work is hard. You're on your feet 10-12 hours a night, and you are moving that whole time. Only get a 30 min lunch, and for the most part, you're exhausted when you're done. During peak seasons you work 6 days a week. So not much time down. But the paychecks are huge at that time. ", " Typical day at work. No electronics inside amazon,Clock in exactly at the time your supposed to start your shift. Start immediately working after brief exercise. Work at rate that is fast paced. Paid breaks are fifteen mins. If you are in the back of the center consider your breaks 5 mins because you are expected to be back at the same location by the end of the break. Lunch breaks are 30 mins. If you are under the expected rate you will be written up. If your break is more than 15 mins scan to scan you will be written up. shifts are ten hours. Night shift gets paid more than day. ", " Overal working with Amazon was a great experience. It is a tough Job and long hours. However it pays well and anyone can pick up overtime hours. ", " Extremely hard on your body.  They expect you to make rate of 190 in one hour.  Sometimes all you get is 2 piece's and they are large packages.   Very stressful,  they monitor your every move.  I feel like a herd of cattle.  10 hours of standing on your feet moving at a fast pace.  Extremely stressful.  Alot of deversity is a true statement.  Either you can take the physical pain and mental stress, or quit.  In the first week my neck, back, legs, feet hurt.  You sit with ice.  Ibuprofen a must.  My hands are experiencing numbness.   I would not recomend this as a heathly place to work.  Alot of turn around in people.  This is why they are always hiring.  Brutal jobs.  To many strict rules.  Easy  to get fired. ", " Amazon has a lot of great incentives and good benefits but that can all be affected by management. I really liked working here but the managers spoiled the job for me. They were very unprofessional so thats what affected my position there. ", " Amazon is a great company to work for, the company gives a great amount of benefits. They have a cafeteria with almost anything you would like to have and staff management for help if needed. ", " Work Hard have fun make history. As a 5+Amazonian I will say the company is an excellent company to work for. The management structure and variations of principal enforcement of productivity and other concerns is simply the reason most end up leaving. Lacking clearly understood leadership with the Sr. leadership teams and regional teams who lack the understanding of strong defined leadership and when in a position outside their scope have the ability to pin outside factors on one of stature and Tenure. I worked as a (TT) top tier reviewed Amazon employed for 5+ years and within two months a change in leadership changed the outlook of my career with the company with no recourse for the past years proven performance. Policy and procedures used for such endeavor's were lacked and not in compliance and yet still utilized as if I had been there for 5 minutes not 5 plus years. Feel free to reach out to me if you have any further questions or would like to know more detail about my review. ", " A very stable job with excellent compensation and benefits. However, poor communication from management and nothing management says is promised. Also, there is NO work life balance. Amazon will become your life. ", " Amazon does not care about their employees only their numbers. Everyday you are doomed as soon as you walk in that door. You are constantly harrased by management to make rates and if you don't you get written up. Not a career position. Amazon sets employees up for failure. ", " Its great company to work for. They have excellent benefits for each employee. They allow you to move up to other positions to improve yourself. They have programs out there help you excel in life. ", " Amazon is a continuous improvement environment. They stand behind their principles, one of which is dealing with ambiguity. With stock prices soaring, the prospect of receiving compensation in the form of stock, as well as competitive wages in management roles the job seems alluring.  All management roles go thru a rotation of departments, times, and days. This is an effort to round out each candidate to help them rise thru the ranks. This can be tough for anyone with smaller children.  The fast paced environment can also lead to meteoric rises for some and wastelands of underdevelopment from others. Conference calls are attended by yes men and eager pleasers who aren't willing to push back on the view from the top. ", " Some people to immature to have certain positions at Amazon,they don't understand that things happen in life with your family.DAY HR should look at it "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " work at amazon is hard and stresfull till you get used with it. You are monitored every second of your shift. You have to meet your targets which sometimes is hard espetialy if you deal with big items. but if you keep good rating you can get some benefits like an extra brake ot amazon voucher. I left due to another offer but finally i can say I enjoed my time there ", " Amazon was a very fast paced environment I learnt a lot of new skills. The management were always encouraging you to hit targets and this helped me reach my goals. The hardest part was keeping up at first but then it got easier. The most enjoyable part was doing my job to a high standard and getting good feedback daily. ", " I like working at amazon. The work is basically easy and self explanator. The people at amazon is very friendly. I come into work at 8 am every morning and the end of my shift is 4:30 pm. Everyday we receive big shipments and we have to process the merchandise so the clothes can be ready for the models to shoot the next day. ", " A typical day at work was so stressful and brought on massive anxiety. This is a company that rules by fear. There is no job security and unless you are a manager you will get scrutinized for everything you do, They are a negative company that will only tell you what is bad and not what has been done well. ", " A typical day consists of supplying stowers with work that comes off of mostly 53 foot trailers. Usually the unit count would be well in excess of 8,000 units. Also the relocation of various product and other things between buildings. I have learned a tremendous amount from this job, including the ability to manage a specific work area. The management is phenomenal, and responsive to feedback. The hardest part of the job would have to be the effects of a long, arduous day. The most enjoyable part of the job would have to be the satisfaction of a job well done. ", " Not the best place to work at far far from it. The work load expected for an individual to do daily is just too much. The break patterns are unfair as you have two 15mins break and one 30mins, but it takes you atleast 5mins to work to the canteen so you basically having two 5mins break. to be fair I can go on and on and on is just not a fun place to work. ", " Amazon.com was a temporary job assignment that was very close to my previous place of residence. Although a somewhat productive work environment, in my personal opinion, Amazon cripples itself due to lack of communication between departments and also management. ", " Arrive at work take, your station, view your assignment, Management  would give a prep talk about the days work and what are production rates should be. Partner up with another co-worker to reach peak production. We have safety exercises throughout the day. The hardest part of the day is when our rates aren't met do to late trucks or improper loading of trucks. The most enjoyable part of the day is hitting rates and helping the company to achieve maximum rates for the day. I feel a sense of accomplishment that I have done my part when at work. ", " Feedback from customers can make employees star. Conversely, any negative feedback can throw an employee out of the company. Very less focus on employees but all the focus on customer. However, there is motivation in working because when you keep customer at the center of your innovation , you end up doing some cool stuff. Work-life balance can definitely be better. ", " Work wasn't bad, but managers are never on the same page. Was doing 3 different jobs at once and being yelling at by 3 different managers for none being done fast enough. Always sent people home with vto who could be sent to other areas to help. Pay and benefits weren't worth staying at a job that had no room for advancement. Was told by one manager that if I thought me being upset and yelled at was something you should see how he is treated. ", " Amazon was one of my favorite jobs of all it felt like a different environment. This warehouse was always fresh I enjoyed loosing a couple pounds , Amazon was your personal and daily gym you would get full on cardio .I learned how to used two different kind of scanner's , I also learned that customer service and packing is the number one tip to being a picker. Always check if things are misplaced or damage. Hardest part of the job was to be on your feet for several hours. Most enjoyable part of it was the lunch room , t had ping pong tables and bean bags . ", " Usually would clock in five minutes before shift so that I would have enough time to figure out where I was stationed for the day. More often than not I would be stationed in the Prep in Inbound department, but some times you would be in a different department and not find out til shift started. Most time your supervisors were understanding because of the set up. It was great when you could get to your stations and work uninterrupted all day, but sometimes they would run out of work and you would be moved to a new department. Cross training was encouraged and a great way to prevent yourself from getting sent home when the department you worked in mainly, ran out of work. ", " It's a place of complete monotony.  The rates usually make it really stressful.  You hardly get any holiday time, and often get short notice of overtime.  It's a decent place to work seasonally or for a year, but you eventually get fed up with the monotony. ", " Management was focused on productivity numbers. Quality of work performed was secondary to volume of packages handled. Management were visible but did not engage employees. In morning briefings they touted lofty goal numbers but failed to explain how it related to employee performance. ", " I dislike amazon after I worked there for a year but I was going to school so I didn't want to quit before I finished. Your body gives out, your mind gets bored, and mangers don't give any care in the world about you. I would never work for Amazon again it has cause me some great pain in my body. Lets just say this is coming from someone who loved their job. ", " A typical day at work is working towards targets and ensuring you provide the best customer experience. Working within evaluating various products to determine the customers feedback and needs on what they have ordered and whether or not the product can go back out to market. the role is enjoyable and has a lot of variety with a relaxed working environment. ", " When I first started working there I thought the job was awesome, then I experienced my first peek season and all h#@+ broke loose. I've never met so many disrespectful people in my life, and management does nothing to change the horrible atmosphere ", " In AMAZON i loved working their, very friendly people and loads of people cant get bored, ive learned at amazon that you have to be fast to achieve in life which i also do outside amazon, my managers my teamleaders were very nce and talkative. the hardest part of the job was we had targets to achieve which was 250 per hour and that was nerve wracking. the most enjoyable part of my job was i never got bored i was able to do enjoy myself their. ", " Long hours 10-11 hour shifts, all physical unless you are working in HR or Amcare. Easy to get write up even when you are new. Management needs a lot of work. Best thing is the benefits dental, vision, and healthcare are what keep people there and also the 4 day schedule. ", " Working at amazon you will either hate it or dislike it, you only given 40 hours contracts, harsh points system where even if you are sick you are given 1 point or half a point if you last two hours into your shift and then leave. If you rack up 6 points you are sacked. The warehouse I work at, have airport security who are very strict, you aren't allowed simple things like watches/smartwatches and if you accidentally bring them in, it gets escalated to management and most likely get points for this. The management aren't understanding and you are always treated like a robot and rates are the only time that matter to them. If you don't have a job and you applied for amazon its better than nothing but if you have something else lined up you may want to reconsider choosing amazon. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " We would walk in and have a standup on how much goes out the day of work. Stretch, that part they put very important but only stretch for like 30 seconds. I learned so much on picking, Packing , ship dock. I learned on how to drive a order picker and pack items and ship them out. The hardest part of the job is working with no work. The best part is making friends and enjoying your co workers to help make the day go faster. ", " The Job was ok but the bosses where a little prejudice and unreasonable to  different task. The restaurant was in good clean condition and the food was excellent ", " A typical day at work is like any other day. I've learned quite a few things working at Amazon. It was a good place to work and well mannered people to work around. The hardest part of the job was lifting some items that was particularly bigger then me and the most enjoyable part was working alone, at my on pace but a steady one. ", " Working for amazon as an associate isn't bad if you don't mind long hours and harsh working conditions. The job itself is easy but the management and leads make it much harder than needs to be. You will be treated with disrespect at some point there as I and many others who I work with have.  The targets are unrealistic and most of the jobs are just repeated actions all day and night. So unless you can work at 100mph for the entire 10 hours of the shift someone will be on your case. Telling you to be faster or quicker or hurry up. if you're looking for something to stimulate your brain look elsewhere.  I've been a supervisor in previous employment so I know poor management when I see it. Most managers and Leads are post grads with no experience what so ever. The majority will talk to you with disrespect and look down upon you because they're payed higher.  All in all amazon is an ok place to work for the wages they pay but only if you don't mind being just a number and not actually valued at your job. ", " Working for Amazon definitely had you on your toes, the constant moving around a giant warehouse, were both challenging, and fun. it was like a work out inside a job ", " This job is different every single day.  No 2 days are the exactly the same.  If you are a person who enjoys a fast paced environment this job is for you! It will keep you physically fit ( must be able to work 10+ hours, walk on concrete anywhere from 3-12miles a day,  and able to left 40+ pounds.  Amazon supplies an array of benefits and opportunity both within and outside the company. ", " Loading van with heavy package count. Verifying packages making the correct driver has them and is sending them to right area. ", " In my time at Amazon, I worked for the German customer service division.  It was an awesome and educational experience. After doing this for close to an year I've reached the point that it can\"t offer me anymore challenges.  There were possibilities to work up the career ladder, but I feel it\"s time to expand my horizon and experience new challenges. ", " Fast-paced and dynamic work environment. Competitive pay and you will earn every penny!  Use core leadership principle to guide the business which work very well. Management is very smart from top to bottom but would benefit slightly from hiring more senior managers. ", " It's a good job to make money. Though, the long, tedious hours of doing the same thing with little breaks gets to you. You need to have a strong mind to work there. ", " i have done every task that was needed in a good manor ,without ip,i have learned lots of things(picking,packing,stowing,isqa,driving lollop,driving forklift,problem solving) it was an enjoyable job. ", " Being able to help the customers needs and wants is a great team work experience, meet new people, great benefits, helps you with job experience, great place to work ", " Worked here a few years on and off. As a warehouse associate work is very fast paced. I had no issues with it, but a lot of walking is required. Only downside was the required overtime which does get to be a bit too much if your not needing it. ", " during my time at amazon, i was promoted in 6 months. hard work gets you far, and they love to promote from within. the culture is unmatched in the job force, and management is also. ", " Love the work environment but for me personally I just hate the lack of hours. Other than the lack of hours, I love it. Very laid back environment and fast paced. ", " Always hand on Sometimes you might have to stay longer First break is short Cant bring any electronics in to past time Strict security and security procedures ", " Its a fast paced environment, physical fitness is a must but the rush to meet targets and in effect shipping deadlines puts quality at risk. many items are damaged in the rush leading to losses for the company. wrong items are picked in a hurry. ", " At amazon, one works 4, 10 hour shifts. Also, during peak season, there is mandatory overtime with up to 60 hours per week. The benefits package is great. (Medical, dental, eye, paid time off, vacation time, and unpaid time off) ", " I loved working at Amazon. I hit my numbers everyday one of the best pickers in bwi2 building. Only thing I hated was how I got assaulted on the job and then fired for doing nothing but reporting it to hr. ", " Job requires you to be on your feet from 10 to 12 hours a day with poor pay poor work environment and extremely difficult job requirements to meet in time frame. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I worked at amazon through a tempt service. I liked working for  amazon but you barely have a life working here.  You work long 10 hours and get only 2 breaks  which are 15 minutes and a lunch that's half an hour even though it takes you 5 minutes to get to the break rooms. They get upset if you leave 2 minutes before break which is ridiculous. The shift leaders and PA are not helpful sometimes at all some won't even bother to help. The PA are like high school students who talk bad about people. I had a PA tell people that I wasn't doing my job correctly because I went to go get water... Not only that there's a lot of older adults who need help but don't get the help they need because of stuck of people. The only thing that made me happy is the pay and wonderful people. ", " I love my job but the training well it doesnt exsit its just a bunch of videos and being rushed and having to remember everything... I get no benefits because I am seasonal and we are suppose to get a seasonal bonus check which is 1 dollar for every hour you work in november december and january and the only way u dont get it is if you quit or get fired well it seems like now that its at the end of the season they are trying to push us to quit so they dont have to pay us the bonus ", " Apart from the wages being decent the rest is awful.  You only see the agency managers if your not doing good. If you speak only one language and that language is English you wont speak to many people when your working at Amazon at times it genuinely feels like your working abroad because about 10% of workers can understand and speak English, the rest have no clue on how to speak English what so ever ", " This is HARD work, like you will feel it every day. The good thing though, you have a great team of people who care and will do anything to make what you need happen. Work hard enough you will get promoted and they will help you and stay on you about achieving your goals. I would have stayed but the graveyard position just wasn't for me anymore, and I was offered a new position with another company. ", " Management was horrible, not really sure of how to complete any job functions. HR was even worse, never were able to answer any questions for any employee. The pay was OK but after paying for health plan and taxes you seen maybe half of it.You do not receive sufficient break time. DO NOT RECOMMEND. ", " a regular day consists of picking items off a pallet &amp; putting them onto the the belt / line there is a tote when the system says that crate if full you push it onto the line &amp; replace that crate &amp; continue the process for the most part co workers are friendly people hardest part of the job was night shift standing up 12 hours straight the most enjoyable part of the job was the work schedule. ", " I really liked it there, by myself most of the day. alot of the managers and most employees turned out to be helpful when I needed them. Management was great tending to any questions I had or explaining easier ways to get my work done. Pretty fast paced and you dont really have to see anyone except on break or when your passing someone to get your order ", " Was hired to be a packer for the holiday season and had gone through Integrity Staffing to get the job. When I was hired the experience for the first week was pleasant until training was over I found out that the Amazon facility had over staffed and my position that I was hired for was no longer what I was having to do. The daily change of your station was ludicrous and unorganized. I had the chance to work the position I was hired to do for a week to then be moved around to 4 or 5 other positions that I had no training for and was forced to learn on the spot in an extremely fast paced work environment which was unfair to the other associates who had been in there positions for awhile because it was forcing them to slow down the work process do to my inexperience and lack of training. ", " A typical day of work, is to clock in, go to stand up, figure out what station they have you at for the day. The hardest part of the job is the repetiveness it can make you very sleepy,also having to stay at a consistant speed while working, can really put a strain on your muscles. ", " I was there from Nov-March.  Being a rebinner the work was exhausting. I received a fit bit for Christmas from my family, and soon realized why I was sore all of the time.  I was walking 30,000 steps a day which was equivalent to 13 miles (a half marathon).   Then you have the managers standing at gate keep talking and announcing rates over a microphone the whole day.  It's a good place for people straight out of high school to work cause it pretty much is a high school.   Always had to watch where you stepped outside cause they're would be food on the ground by peoples cars.  Supposed to get a bonus every month for attendance and productivity. didnt get one for January or February.   They make it sound like a great place to work, but it's quite the opposite. ", " while at my time here ive never worked in such a safe and clean warehouse with good management and colleagues on a daily basis good canteen and vending services. The only downside really was the long distance you would have to go just to get one or two small items and the occasional crazy vna driver. ", " Amazon is a very busy place to work. Lots of overtime during peak seasons (up to 60 hour weeks mandatory). Limited vacation and personal time. Doesn't take doctors notes. Lazy managers. Have a daily quota you must meet. Write ups for not meeting quotas. Will be fired after 4 write ups. ", " Great job if you need money, but if you are going to school its extremely hard to balance both. They only down side is time off task, and if you are a stower it really sucks because you can't get past a picker, and picking behind another pickers is awful. Be prepared to deal with some rude coworkers. Not a job for sensitive people. But overall its a great job. Management it great and willing to work with you and help you grow. Just wasn't meant for me is all. ", " A typical day at work would be loading trucks, wrangling boxes and packing the daily shipment . I learned how to load trucks properly, and to make sure the shipment label was correctly placed. My co workers were great and made it a friendly environment. The hardest part of my job was getting the heavy boxes to stack properly, and the most enjoyable part of my job was wrangling the boxes off the conveyor ", " Pros Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new. Competitive salary and benefits with other major tech companies. 100% self motivating work environment. No dress code and 4 legged friends are welcome. Cons You have to be self motivated. NO ONE will hold your hand and tell you that you're doing a great job. If you need constant affirmations from management, this company isn't for you. Advice to Management More on-boarding training before new employees are thrown in the fire. The first couple of weeks can be very confusing on where to find the information you need that pertains to your job. ", " very physically demanding work (walking up to 13 miles per shift) decent salary plus a good benefits package. good work/life balance working 4 days with 3 days off every week. 10.5 hour shifts plus some overtime. management is hit and miss depending on what shift or department you work on. ", " Being a picker at amazon was very interesting. Working there you actually get to be a part of knowing the quota within Amazon. Picking the items for the customers was also interesting because you get to see things that you might've needed at one point that you didn't know Amazon had. Overall my time at Amazon was intriguing. ", " The work load seemed very unrealistic.  Wanting numbers that most cannot reach, and most cannot keep doing repeatedly from day to day,  standing, ladders, scanning for ten hours a day, four days a week.  The repeated motions lead to aches, pains and stiffness in joints and back, that would cause one not to not perform their job proficiently. ", " Well-paid job with good hours but expect to be treated like a machine, only allowed outside for one hour per day, can be fired at any time. Low-morale and even lower respect from management. Near-unobtainable targets. Time limits. ", " Busy fast paced job. You are never left with nothing to do. Managers are all attentive. Employees vary in work ethic and motivation. Dress standards are a bit low unfortunately but you don't go to work to look at people. Every day was different and I enjoyed doing different functions and working different areas daily. They are flexible with personal schedules. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This would be a great place to work if the managers cared mored about the people and less about making themselves look good. example not enough work for everyone there they keep everyone there and wait for work to trickle in while we are still being wrote up for not making rate when we didnt have the work to make the rate. ", " Worse place Ive ever worked. And I was in the Army. It's horrible. Horrible management, and zero leadership. Managers dont do anything and theyre not even there half of the time. They send half of the building home everyday because theres no work. Also they fire people for absolutely nothing all the time. Dont protect your co-workers from nut cases that work there because theyll fire you for that too. ", " This was a good job until i got hurt on the job and then i was treated completely different and it was very difficult to work here after that. Almost like they held it against me for getting hurt ", " i would not recommend anyone to work here unless you dont have a life &amp; you like being mistreated . this company is very poorly managed its a monkey warehouse . There is no type of advancement .The best part of working here is that you get trained on all forklift equipment for FREE however you only get training for 30 minutes then they throw you out there . Management does not care about their associates what so ever , they tell you lies &amp; give you cold pizza for appreciation  . This company keeps you away from your family . They have unnecessary overtime they do mandatory overtime with no work to do . ", " Constant psychological preassure, short brake times, long working hours, not enough time to have brake. Some stuff is nice , but majority requares too much prom you. I will never come back to such place. ", " while at my time here ive never worked in such a safe and clean warehouse with good management and colleagues on a daily basis good canteen and vending services. The only downside really was the long distance you would have to go just to get one or two small items and the occasional crazy vna driver. ", " Amazon you play hard and work hard great great company to work for but go in it to work. I would have stayed there but relocated and they didn't have any positions available ", " A typical day at Amazon would be clocking into work. Participate in the start of shift start up meeting which is held by a member of management. Stretching would commence while daily news is read over the PA system. I would then log into my work station and begin my job as a receiver. I have leaned that team work is the key function at Amazon in order to have things run smooth. I work around a diverse multi cultural environment. The hardest part of my job is probably working 10 hours a night. The most enjoyable part of the job I do at Amazon would be when I am Problem Solving and I get to help receivers with problems they may have when receiving. ", " Amazon is customer obsessed, which is drilled into their employees. However, there is no employee obsession. There is no work life balance for salaried employees. ", " I would find out what my job was for the day and work until the end of the day. Some people I would speak to but I feel too much talking makes you off task. Every one did not see eye to eye at all times however no matter how we felt about each other the work needed to get done and personal drama needed to be put aside to get our work done. Over all I liked my job it worked well with school and other things that came up in my life. ", " Amazon breaks so many labor laws I'm amazed they haven't been sued, oh wait, I forgot they are being sued. Worst company I ever worked for. They breach contracts as if contracts were never signed. Tips get taxed and I'm pretty sure they take some of our tips before adding them to the check as part of the hourly pay. ", " Amazon will hire mass amounts of people only to lay them off months later. I worked very hard and was layed off for no reason. They will literally work you to death and then just toss you out like a piece of trash when they're done with you. Horrible experience. ", " this warehouse is a high tech facility that is required to use rf guns and badge in and out case per hr kept. Everything you do is kept from your badge in at certain stations and lifts. ", " Its a wonderful experience working here and it help you build yourself, the management structure is perfect, there is no discrimination in the culture and the hardest part of is none, the enjoyable part of the job is weekly paid ", " Working here has helped me develop team buildings skills. I have never experienced a company that cares about their employees as much as they do. I love it! ", " very fun but very demanding. Work rates sometimes hard but maintainable. Some of the managers try to help out as much as possible ", " Worked 3 years for the company and really did like it but since I have topped out on my pay I really hate walking into the building. I really don't think any company should top out a employee. ", " The work is very easy and can be repetitive, but the people you work with can be fun and entertaining. Great benefits that start the first day of the job. Management is a fresh out of college. They are nice and friendly but sometimes they are caught out of their element. ", " Work is and always will be a very fun thing for me to do. I am always the type of person who loves to get up in the morning and get straight to it. I'm always amazed when the management makes it very comfortable for us to work. I always learn new skills everywhere that I go and that brings me joy. The hardest part of my work experience is when someone else is not at your skilled level but assisting them is never a problem, everyone has to be trained to succeed. ", " good place to work is normally a lot of work and overtime available and they give you opportunities to learn different machinery and different jobs around the warehouse. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Hard work, long hours but great exercise!  Constantly on the move, management is young as well as the facility, so rough edges are still being smoothed out.  Thought there would be room for advancement but that doesn't seem to be a possibility.  Overall I feel the company is great, very employee oriented. ", " This is a good company to work for, great benefits, good people. Workload is strenuous but not too bad. They are very flexible and understand to time off. Amazon also has a good disciplinary system, I enjoyed working there. ", " I did it all at OAK4 tracy. The pay was decent, your coworkers are amazing. It is the most unorganized, big company you'll ever work for. The revolving door, is like a slaughterhouse.   And you better not get hurt. That is where things, will change for you. Due to being on my feet, 10 hours 4 days a week. I had to have amcare, wrap my ankles nightly. Management didn't like it much. But I made sure my workload was finished first.  Overall it's impossible to move up. Unless you're part of the buddy system, or brown nose. They bring in kids, fresh out of college. Who never worked before. To be your boss, these kids have no idea. How to run a department. Plus they are unfamiliar with work in general. Let alone the system. They give the kids, plenty power. Most of them are egomaniacs. It's sad, they rarely promote from within. Which adds to their high turnover rate. ", " The work place was a bit confined for a company as large as Amazon and I felt the layout could have been better. I learned new computer  skills, and how warehouses function.  Management could have been better to a certain extent. Most of the  management were unable to do basic tasks carried out by workers and were at times non receptive to ideas, that would have improved productivity. I enjoyed working with my co workers, especially those of a different nationality. The hardest part of the job was during peak at Christmas due to increased volumes and trying to teach new agency staff. The most enjoyable part of the job was achieving targets and ensuring goods went out on time in a proper manner. ", " This is a very physically demanding job and the only thing the managers care about is making rate.  The center, as a whole, is poorly run.  High turnover rate. Too many bosses and they tell you different things.  Training depends on the person training you, which turns out, could be incorrect. ", " You can and will def grow, however if you know the right people you'll grow within the workplace. Managers Intimidated by people that work under them and get rid of them if they feel so. ", " Great company to work for, the benefits are very good. The hardest part of the job is nothing really overall I love it. The management is okay I guess you'll meet some managers whos isn't so kind and understanding but that's on any job. ", " I would walk for miles picking orders for customers. It was like going shopping. I learned the steps and processes it takes just for a package to go out and how it gets shipped to customers. If you had any problems management would take care of it immediately. Everyone got along with everyone and if you needed help with someone coworkers were always there to ask. The hours were long because I would go to school as soon as I got off. I really enjoyed working with a company that is there for there employees. ", " You are a number to them, a production target. Nothing more than that. If you do not make production goals you will be given written warnings and then let go. ", " strict company rules but no unattainable. great benefits including company stock. 4 day work weeks. lots of available time off. mostly hands off management. ", " The job is great, with plenty of hours in the week to work. However, the job became very repetitive, and boring after a while. I was always performing well in all the jobs that I performed, but there is no real room for raises or promotions. ", " Working at amazon is tough. They watch every move you make. They are quick to warn you and write you up and eventually fire you. Overtime is mandatory! If you don't have time to cover you will be fired quickly. ", " including benefits, great environment to work with, supervisors are easy to talk to and are always there to help. the most enjoying about working there is the people you work with its impossible to not get along with everyone. management is also great. ", " Some people to immature to have certain positions at Amazon,they don't understand that things happen in life with your family.DAY HR should look at it ", " The pay is not work it! This place will beat you up physically and mentally. The management is horrible. If they're not chasing/looking for a boyfriend/girlfriend, they're standing around or disappear into the stairwell to use their cell phones. I met some good people there but its mostly dog eat dog to get the better job assignments where you're not trapped at a station for 10 hours. ", " What I enjoyed most about this job was the benefits and not being monitored all the time when out on deliveries. You basically run on your own time, but still have to get done with your route at a fair pace. The hardest part was making sure packages don't get stolen when they're out of your hands after the package was delivered. A typical day I would start early, hop in a assigned Amazon truck with my route attached to my scanner, load my truck at the warehouse and afterwards, head to my destination and proceed with my route. Usually, I used to finish within 7-8 hours then I'd get to go home. The one thing I learned with this job is to have patience, because most times, you'd be in a rush to go home, but this job made me realize to be patient and calm and everything usually goes smoothly. ", " While working at Amazon I experienced late checks and sometimes all of the money was not there. There is a lot of heavy lifting of packages in small vans that cause you to strain your back. ", " Great environment to grow. Lots of teamwork and communication. Competitive salary, available overtime, and great benefits. A truly great employer. Miss being there. ", " The day starts early morning or late evening and continued for approximately 10 - 11 hours depending on the time of year.  Training consisted of a 3-week learning curve provided by the Learning Department and Department Schooling.  Management and co workers varied greatly in both professionalism and background but all were helpful to those starting new. ", " A typical day at work consisted of counting the stock that came into the warehouse. It is needed to be counted in a timely but accurately fashion. Accuracy could not be below 99.5%. Anything below that would be considered not acceptable. The management there was always on the job making sure that employees kept up with their duties and accuracy. If ever an employee was to go below 99.5% in accuracy, the team leader or manager would work with you very well before actually giving you a write up. Because of being on one station counting product all day, associating with co-workers was very limited because it was more important to count the product so that the customers orders could go to the next step after being counted, so that their order could be processed and shipped out to them. Counting product was is a very easy at Amazon, but the hardest part comes when you're about 8 hours within you're shift and sometime you would get zoned out from the constant standing all day and waiting for Kiva Pods to bring you shelves to count. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A fast moving pace with long hours workers were friendly and helpful a place for advancement and a place with excellent benefits ", " As a fulfillment Associate you have a responsibility which is expected to be accomplished at a certain rate. Amazon provides a plethora of opportunities for benefits and advancement . Furthermore, an employee can always count on a forty-fifty hour work week. ", " Fired for having -1 on UPT. HR claims they emailed me on this, but I never received any emails. HR could've requested a meeting with me to discuss this before firing me, they never did. Others treated the same way as me. Injuries acquired on the job, never referred to a doctor or any workman's compensation either. Getting together with others treated as I and we'll discuss a class action suit against Amazon perhaps. We will get others for across the country as well to join this crusade. ", " You are your own boss. You select your own schedules and stop when you want to You decide how much money you want to earn Driving is surely not an easy task therefore you want to take breaks ", " Loved working in the facilities dept. Was always working on something a little different from day to day witch help make the days go fast.Most of the team members were very pleasant to work with but reason for my leaving was that there was one guy that I continued to have problems with and The Hr dept just would not handle the problem.So i was continuously Harassed and after 5 yrs of it and had to walk. ", " I really enjoyed my employment with the Amazon.com family and I only left due to a personal enhancement in my life.  Unforntunatly, i had to move and the near facility had no opening for me and elected to leave the company. ", " A typical day at work getting to my job starting with our stretches daily  announce our goal from our PA's leading us to our work time wrapping scanning pir driving .. hardest part of the job is leaving at 2 am . ", " Lot of time on feet, very little break time. Hard work and required a lot of bending over. Very monotonous but worth it for the pay. You'll make some friends and learn to recognize a lot of familiar faces. ", " Amazon pushes for you to be your best. The managers are absolutely wonderful for helping find your place and giving you those challenges you need. Thinking outside the box and coming up with new ideas is valued here.My favorite part about working here has been having the chance to explore area's I'm curious about, it's how I learned to create a Wiki page and became interested in computer engineering/programming. I am now looking to return to school so that I can join the Dev team. ", " This is a company that will take some of the most phenomenal employees who give their all, and will not ensure they're taken care of. In the event you become injured and need surgery with this company, they will cancel any and all health benefits within six month. Your work ethic is not taken into account with this company, and they put most individuals in the same/similar categories in which they're hired. It's a shame that this is a company that considers itself to be a head of the trend and with the times. Unfortunately, I believe that it's only those fortunate enough to work within corporate, that reap the benefits of such positive work environment. ", " I would walk for miles picking orders for customers. It was like going shopping. I learned the steps and processes it takes just for a package to go out and how it gets shipped to customers. If you had any problems management would take care of it immediately. Everyone got along with everyone and if you needed help with someone coworkers were always there to ask. The hours were long because I would go to school as soon as I got off. I really enjoyed working with a company that is there for there employees. ", " Benefits, and requesting days offs are good very high. Security is very strict. The work life is the worst though I can see why many people leave it. Aren't allow to communicate and talk. Managers don't fill you in all the time. Other than that a good place if you like to work and don't like to communicate to people. ", " Clean, take orders... restock condiments. The hardest part of the job would be staying late to help clean after your shift. The customer are always a joy to be around. ", " A typical day of work, is to clock in, go to stand up, figure out what station they have you at for the day. The hardest part of the job is the repetiveness it can make you very sleepy,also having to stay at a consistant speed while working, can really put a strain on your muscles. ", " Long shifts, 12 plus hours, on your feet walking in a so called air conditioned warehouse. Hardly any chance of rising up in the ranks. I was injured on the job and they would not provide adequate medical care. ", " Working in the pallet dock is not for the lazy.  So much goes on there.  You are respobsible for building pallets with all the same items with all the same UPC ", " The Team AWS I was on was a fend for yourself team. There wasn't a lot of collaboration and team connection. The volume was so high that providing exceptional candidate experience became lost. I felt as though I was on a conveyer belt - however I do believe it depends on the team you're on. ", " Being at Amazon on a typical day is pretty smooth but the learning process is somewhat difficult and sometimes a lot too learn. ", " Amazon is a great company with great perks while working there Ive learned a number of skills I can take along with me like teamwork, communication, responsibility,hard work and packaging skills ", " workplace, a pleasant place to work where I want to come back soon, because I like the staff there and can understand when you need help "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It's a cool job I liked my co workers very funny and easy to get along with managers are friendly wish they had better benefits I would go back if they raised the pay ", " Amazon is a good place to work. Their compensation is very good. They do not provide enough training for new hires but expect them to hit production target as soon as they start working on the floor which is not reasonable. ", " management and hr was horrible, unfair treatment, i was in the stow department but I did love my job. I loved the benefits that were excellent for my family ", " The company is a modern day sweat shop. Management is the product of people that could pick the fastest, not people that have had any type of management experience or any formal training. ", " great job! but... management its horrible. Why ? They hire none experience 4 year degree people who are willing to sign a contract. ", " Amazon was a good company to be employed by. Generally speaking, the work was not labor intensive, they offered good benefits and the compensation was competitive. They offered monthly bonuses dependent on productivity, attendance and performance. Personal, vacation and unpaid time off available which helped ", " If you want to try working for Amazon all I have to say is good luck. They promote employees to Assistant Managers that aren't qualified.  They work you to where you go home hurting so bad.  They don't care about you. ", " Management cares about is their package count and employees scan rates. Sometimes they don't even give the employees a break and will work them without a break but let them off work early ", " Very fast paced environment. Loved learning how to drive the powered industrial trucks. Lots of room for advancement within the company. ", " Amazon isn't a totally terrible place to work...as long as you're willing to insistently do the same thing over and over and over. It isn't back breaking or really physically challenging, just a fast paced, frenetic grind. Benefits are fairly decent and cheap, and you also get bi-weekly increments of paid personal time, vacation and restricted stocks after 2 years, so that helps. Just not worth it to me. ", " I do like to work on C-return position but didn't like to stand very long hour with 10 Hour with 4 Days and my body is very exhausting and I get home and went bed didn't have time to spend time with my family. ", " Standing in place all day doing the same thing for ten hours might not be for everyone. But it worked for me and for many people. If you do your job right and ask about other positions it is easy to get into another position. Great benefits, nice management. Does get a bit hectic outside of the picking stations but overall it is pretty good. ", " It was a internship that ran on. there was no raises hours where first come first serve. Amazon had no benefits, but you get a discount . ", " Great management and training provided at amazon warehouses. Great salary and benefits as well. Although the work is not easy - show your best and you'll be spotted and rewarded! ", " I was hired for dayshift. The waited until my first day to tell me they changed my hours to overnight. I also made it clear i am highly afraid of heights and they still made me go high up in the air. ", " highly stressful atmosphere. continuously on the go, but the compensation does not evenly compare to the amount of work and responsibility ", " SMX was the company I worked for when I first started at Amazon. They served as the recruiting agency for amazon. During my time with SMX I was made a PIT/Safety coach and moved up to the supervisor position. My duties consisted of assisting in PIT training for new hires, making sure safety protocol was enforced and followed. I also assisted associates in any way that it was needed to ensure that they were able to do their jobs effectively and efficiently. My duties as a supervisor entailed anything from assisting associates on the floor, conducting new hire orientations to scheduling and attendance. I also worked a lot with Amazon management to ensure that SMX associates transitioning to Amazon associates met quality and performance standards. Once I became an Amazon associate I worked on the floor. The majority of the co workers I worked with were all great people to be around. The management team for the most part are all young individuals transitioning right from college which in some ways was viewed as a con. The hardest part about the job was probably the long hours and work to life balance. The most enjoyable part or parts was meeting a handful of great individuals and apart of that learning along side with them. Learning how to drive all the equipment in the facility also proved to be quite rewarding. ", " Very hard place to work for, benefits and pay is good but management and HR department needs some work- workers needs are not listened to or taken into consideration ", " Warehouse ABE8. Rumors, fights. You would swear this was high school. The benefits and pay are amazing but there's always a catch. No job security ... ", " Overall Amazon is a wonderful company to work for. They just need to be more clear in listing in there policies what employees can and cannot do once they are off the clock and no longer representing the company.... "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day at work was so stressful and brought on massive anxiety. This is a company that rules by fear. There is no job security and unless you are a manager you will get scrutinized for everything you do, They are a negative company that will only tell you what is bad and not what has been done well. ", " Great Services , I like to work for amazon and if possible I will do again this job for this company. I have worked Full Time and I receive positive feedback. ", " This was a decent temp job, they seem to constantly be hiring for entry level positions. They are very structured on break times. ", " I enjoyed working with all the people present. The atmosphere was not team work oriented. There were only a few people that were recognized as doing overachieving results. All people should have been commended as a team to promote better results and lower the turnover. After a while the job is boring and does not give the feeling of a superior performance. Positives give energy and negatives take energy. The atmosphere was more negative than positive, overall. ", " Amazon is a wonderful place to work at. There are different management styles.  The Managers that have been with Amazon for more than 5 years are really great managers.  The newbies that come in and have not been there a year, does not understand the culture and lack the sensitivity to become a great manager.  They do not help develop the individuals that have great strengths but rather focus on individuals who are friends with them.  Overall, Amazon is great and kudos to those managers that have been there 5 or more years. Keep up the great work! ", " Hard work, for an honest paycheck. i have never worked harder than i do during a day at the Amazon factory. the hardest part of the job is walking upwards of 10 miles a day, and the constant bending over and picking up 50 lb packages frequently ", " Good training and facility,good expereince,but poor system which hinders you to meet their targets,one hour you can pick 50 hours another hour you can pick 20 items due to congestion,one item in isle and change of duties in a day more than once which causes not to meet their targets.  Most employees are from Agency who keep you for the probationery period once over they sacked you,no guarantee to become permanent.   Good enviroment but too much monitoring,short breaks and long hours 10 hours per day just standing all the day long.  Any obstacles which hinders your performance are not taken into consideration,no improvements in their system which generates the daily work. ", " Amazon is a great a great place to work , they are very great with their employees. working at this job have taught me a lot. ", " Amazon is a great place to work with a fast pace and great team work. I would recommenced applying to anyone who needs a job with minimum requirements. ", " A typical day at work consist of clocking in and coming to meet with your manager to exercise and give daily motivational words of encouragement. We all grabbed our scanners, scanned in, and it sent us to specific locations to pick items and full bins to complete customers ordered. ", " I was working for amazon it is a great start up career. the people for the most part is very friendly. The training is not that long of a process. They give good pay I enjoyed working with them and giving me the experience needed for future employment. The most enjoyable part is you meet a great team who is very caring. The hardest thing is the physical labor can be exhausting. ", " Employees are on their feet for ten to twelve hours daily. Employees have to continue to work hard to make their rate of production or else they may get written up. The job is very demanding because so many customers are ordering online and these orders have to be on the delivery truck in a timely manner. On the other hand, Amazon has excellent benefit packages and they often provide meals to employees on special occasions and holidays. The company also lets employees earn vacation time and get 40 hours of personal time to take away from the company to handle personal business. ", " I enjoyed working at amazon.com. The management was a little informal primarily because we were seasonal staff hired for the December peak. I learnt retail and Echo skills which presented an opportunity to develop negotiation and technical skills.  The salary was very pleasing and given a second chance I would do it again. I was expecting a more permanent role but pity the fun was short lived. ", " A typical day at the office included software updates, product releases, training, customer support, answering phone calls, training peers and coaching sessions.  I learnt phone etiquette, management, coaching, how to answer and solve any problem pertaining to the Kindle Product and associated software.  The workplace culture was extremely busy, but as the head of the morale team, I made sure we had fun and worked hard.  The hardest part of the job, was the very long hours.  The most enjoyable part of the job, was being able to provide training and coaching form team and watching a group of struggling people, grow into an IT Support team that out shone every other team. ", " I`m was working here just few months. Was actually good place to work. I was working at busiest time in year (Christmas) but I complete my missions every day. Wasn`t very hard to understand what to do and after finishing my task I was always helping other people. So time in work place was going very fast ", " Good training, and good exercise most people stayed positive and ready to help. Easy to learn the job and always work available. ", " It's a very fun and interesting place to work. People are so friendly and share knowledge about how to keep the work environment safe and fun everyday. That's why it's so exciting to wake up in the morning get ready to go to work. ", " A typical work day at amazon is usually fast past. One should stay on task, move with a sense for purpose and adhere to all safety rules. The shifts could be scheduled better though. ", " I've worked here for about 8 months, for a part time job it is pretty good. The only downside is that in my building it isn't possible to become full time and picking up extra shifts isn't always possible. ", " I enjoyed working by myself and getting things done .. the day went as a breeze because there was so much work that had to be done. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " the pay is great and the benefits are nice management can be kind of rude sometimes you will have to stand on your feet up to 10 hours co-workers are great people to work with ", " Great benefits! It was super cool. Large break rooms. I liked the outside area it was perfect for when I needed to cool down. And if you didn't bring your lunch it was no big deal at all they have a little store inside the break room. ", " Good  benefits, qualified managers,  the pay rate is great, During the summertime find a way to cool departments, the dress code policy is cool u allowed to come as comfortable as u want to ", " as a temporary associate out at amazon, I loved it I was in HRV inspecting jewelry. I always made my tack times and was a modeled worker. Amazon is very physical and stressful depending on the job your at. ", " This is a great place to work unless you have an injury. They have so many different types of paperwork for you to keep filling out, taking papers to the doctor to be filled out. Some doctors charge a fee to fill out the paper work. Then being out you cannot keep paying out to get the work filled out you will eventually start to look for another job. ", " Multicultural environment, managers are friendly and cooperative. Working place clean and healthy. Timing too long but still good place to work, big name in market ", " Does not hire many employees that are focused on the importance of the process Turnover rates is over 60% a year Management needs to be more involved The modules are always a mess ", " Company has high expectations. Give it your all and this company will take care of you. 4 10 hour days, 3 days off. Not too many companies go out of there way for you. Thank you Amazon ", " Love working for this company. They provide many benefits and offer many opportunities to move up within the industry.  The hours are long but the work is easy and the overtime pay is awesome! ", " A wonderful place to work with great benefits. Just be careful with your PTO and UPT time, or you will get fired for running out and going in the negative. ", " A typical day at Amazon consists of 10-12 hours of standing up/ walking, lots of movement &amp; productivity deadlines that need to be met so I must work swiftly and efficiently. I learned how to manage my time, understand over 10 different departments in the building, how to communicate with others and most importantly how to gain confidence in myself. Management at Amazon is getting better at first we had a lot to be desired. I was at amazon for 6 months before I even knew who my manager was until the new GM came in and our managers were required to engage with associates.          Engagements are SOOO important considering that afterwards I get this comfortable reassurance and fun environment knowing where I stand in my department. Mostly everyone is friendly and inviting here at amazon. The hardest part of this job for me was trying to adjust to being under a lot of pressure and getting used to being around 500+ people almost everyday of my life, after one year I began to love working in this environment. The most enjoyable part of this job which was the hardest at first, being around so many lovely faces and personalities daily. I enjoy learning how other people think/work and seeing how huge of an impact I can make on others while multi-tasking to complete my job as well. ", " Amazon is the best company to work for. It has a long work day and great pay. It has lots of benefits and rewards especially during peak times. HR is always available to listen to any questions and concerns. ", " Good Company just stay knowing your Paid, Vacation, and Unpaid hours. They will let you use your PTO for when your late for work. They have no point system which allows you to manage your own time. I feel like it is a great system. ", " This was one of my best job experiences! Very friendly yet professional managers and PAs. Unfortunately, I was only hired as a temp. I'd recommend this job to anyone! ", " As long as you do your job it's easy to meet standard. Hold on to your stock as long as you can goes up every year. Work hard have fun make history!! ", " Amazon is a very great job it pays good in have very good benefits it's a good workout every day you got to work you meet a whole lot of new people all types of people ", " Nice job. Good pay. Friendly staff. Nice work tempertures. Nice benefits. Oppurtunities for advancement. Extra money. ", " Amazing place to work. Great benefits and many career advancement. I really enjoyed working here. Great atmosphere and everybody is friendly. ", " Overall I like working at amazon. Hours are great especially if your going to school like I am. Co-workers are nice and easy to talk to. You can move up by showing how hard you work. Benefits are good and not a tiring job. ", " great place to work plenty of overtime during holiday season. after new years it slows down and lot of voluntary time off. great benefits. log hours and a lot of time on your feet "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a great company to work for great benefits great people, great business, but also the management need to work on there people skills. although good company ", " Stretching before a 10 hour shift was always mandatory with a little pep session that the supervisors would give. Depending on which department you are set in, you have different obligations. ", " The role was interesting with good hands-on experience. It was a quick-paced organization where the encouraged to fail quick and learn faster. The management, however, was ill-equiped. ", " A typical day involved either packaging items for customer delivery or collecting items to be packaged for customer delivery.  I learned to work in a very timely manner.  Punctuality was very important because it was a deadline oriented environment.  I got along with management quite well.  Never encountered any issues with how the people were being managed.  The hardest part of the job was being on your feet for as much as 10 hours.  I viewed it as good exercise.  The most enjoyable part was the people.  Most were conscientious and hard-working. Many were quite funny and colorful. ", " Terrible hours, promise of great earnings, instead was working 12 hour shifts for 45 pounds a day (which is about half the money than working for minimum wage) Terrible waiting time in the morning and not competetive salary ", " Typical day at work. No electronics inside amazon,Clock in exactly at the time your supposed to start your shift. Start immediately working after brief exercise. Work at rate that is fast paced. Paid breaks are fifteen mins. If you are in the back of the center consider your breaks 5 mins because you are expected to be back at the same location by the end of the break. Lunch breaks are 30 mins. If you are under the expected rate you will be written up. If your break is more than 15 mins scan to scan you will be written up. shifts are ten hours. Night shift gets paid more than day. ", " This is a fun, multicultural and fast paced environment to work. They offer great benefits and accommodations for its employees. such as career opportunity and other benefits for full-time workers. ", " Long hours, worth it. New skills, management was terrible. Co-workers didn't do much, hardest part of the job was getting through the hours. Enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people. ", " Best place to work when I started in 2010, I used to love going to work. The job wasn't so bad and managers did their best to make it a fun environment, we used to get rewarded often with pizza days, sweaters, movie tickets, etc. Forward to 2017 worst place to be it has become very unstable barely have enough work for all their employees and hold them accountable if they don't make rate. Management SUCKS, don't treat their employees with respect and talk down to them. The only ones who would say they like it are the ones that are always sucking up to the managers, if that's you, you'll love it. ", " Overal working with Amazon was a great experience. It is a tough Job and long hours. However it pays well and anyone can pick up overtime hours. ", " A day at work all work no play. I learned to productive with my time and management always worked with me. My co workers were outstanding to work with especially with all the different cultures and personalities. The hardest part of the job was standing for most of the work time. Most enjoyable part of the job was meeting all the new people and just adding a new experience to my life to learn and better myself as an individual. ", " Productive and very nice workplace. Very nice people worked there. Management was very friendly as well. That was good time for me. ", " My experience with Amazon Fulfillment Center as a place to work is that the job condition varies greatly depending on the position. When I was working on the shipping dock, work went well and relied on personal performance as well as team effort. When I worked as a picker work needed to be done at an almost frantic pace, was a completely solitary effort, and I noticed a high employee turnover rate as the slower employees' were replaced. Also when I spoke to other employees' about how they felt about their jobs in other departments, opinions varied greatly.   Amazon encourages and emphasizes a healthy employee/management relationship. Employee's are reminded daily to bring and concerns or questions to their team leaders or HR if necessary. There is a clinic onsite to treat injuries as well.  The most enjoyable part of the job aside from the paycheck would probably be company sponsored events. During holidays or to celebrate special occasions or just because, events are held to encourage a fun workplace. ", " Decent pay for easy work but do not expect to enjoy your time here. Awesome benefits but the toll this company takes on your family and private life is harsh.  The atmosphere created is one of a highly disposable workforce, where hard work is unrecognized and slacking off is the norm.  I have a very highly refined work ethic.  Unfortunately I am only one of a few who can say this at Amazon Fulfillment. The mandatory overtime during the holidays is exhausting and unrealistic.  The promised bonuses are all but mythical as this building has never made its productivity goals. ", " After being there after 1month I was promoted to a Processing Guide. I loved my job. Always keeping me busy. Their benefits are amazing, dental, medical. And they help with paying for your future career, either with amazon or not. Great company ", " The hardest part was keeping up with demands as Christmas drew closer. Management always kept us up to speed with consumer demands.expect to walk three/four miles within a day ", " Just an overall great place with excellent benefits, coworkers are awesome, and the management is really great. The only initial problem is being on your feet for ten hours but once you get used to it it's really easy... ", " I can't say that Amazon as a whole is terrible but my specific location was terrible. The hiring process was relatively easy for me, initially got back to me quickly. After being hired, my recruiter practically disappeared. The training for the job is sad. Managers often don't let you finish your training. Non-peak season you work 4 days a week, peak season gets crazy, often with un-needed overtime. Upper management is terrible. They don't know what they're doing and change their minds constantly. A lot of favoritism goes on. You're there an hour before shift and an hour after. The job is not difficult, your associates will be your favorite part. Taking a lunch or break is frowned upon. ", " Working with Amazon offers great job security. This job is definitely not for the lazy. The break areas are employee friendly with video games, multiple microwaves, a lot of refrigerator space, and a large selection of food (even healthy) to choose from during breaks. There's a daily huddle where you will be informed of things that you need to do or watch out for to make meeting your quota achievable. The warehouse is huge. When you're proficient in an area just let one of the supervisors know that you are ready for a different department. HR is available onsite for every shift for any questions or concerns. ", " A good company overall to advance in. A fast paced environment with good work ethics, great attitudes and positive vibes. Also a good place to advance to a higher career level. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It is like any other single tasked work, with constant repetition in manual labor and basic knowledge in computer understandment. ", " i learned how to be able to work multiple tasks and being able to move and work at a fast pace. As a young worker a daily work day was just being able to do the same task repeatedly and sometimes having to be moved around and being placed at parts of the warehouse I wasn't familiar with but I was always trained well.  Management was always asking how I was doing with something new and always asking if I understood what I was doing and or if I had had any questions. The hardest part was just being able to stay focused on doing one thing for a long period of time. The most enjoyable part was learning new skill sets and seeing how the company operated. ", " Amazon is full of great people they are flexible with you no matter what if you want full time they'll give you full-time great benefits once you start no one is ever in a bad mood and if you ask anyone to help you will be gladly to go and assist your help. ", " I felt ready to tackle any problem any customer brought my way. The training, even though I worked from home as a CSA, was so team oriented that I really felt like I was in an office setting. Management and leader were always there to help on those tough calls but overall, a really great company to work for! ", " walking around scanning  sorting  its very different cultures it not hard work at all meeting different people from cultures ", " A typical day consists of opening cases of merchandise. The merchandise is then scanned and stored in bins according to size.  A certain amount of product must be scanned and stowed correctly within a specific time frame to meet production and quality specifications.  I learned about scanning products and also about  bar codes.  Also about identifying damaged merchandise.  The workplace culture is to work hard and fast.  The hardest part of the job is lifting and stowing heavy objects and trying to find bins to stow them in.  The most enjoyable part of the job is the people you meet.  They are from all walks of life and I learned a lot  about different cultures. ", " Amazon provided a safe work environment with a means to elevate employees to a professional standard of work. Operations included many various complex tasks which require training and skill. ", " I clock in then I go up stairs to the stowing pod. I sign in with my badge then a pod come to me. I take a product from and chart or bin. I scan the chart or bin. Then I scan the product and put it away. ", " It is a cutthroat work environment.    Rate is stress over quality.  Employees  will fight over work to make rate.  Your fellow coworkers  won't  help you because they are afraid of getting written up for time off task.        Employees are expected  do more for less such as work longer hours and do two jobs at once.  Managers don't  address problems or take ownership of bad decisions.   They also like to do as little as possible.      This company does what is best for the manager,  but  not for the department.   After every peak they will rotate managers and PAs, leaving the department  in chaos because the new manager is clueless  and doesn't want to learn.  It is only February  and I have already had three different  managers. ", " Amazon is a fun place to be at. With good leadership and amazing guides provided to help one be highly productive, the only factor for a poor performance would be from an individual himself. Working at amazon has made me realize that any goal is achievable as long as dedication is imputed. Getting the best assistance and training from the management team, coupled with the availability of the right tools and equipment needed to get the job done easily and accurately, what more can one possibly ask for? Though daily tasks can sometimes b quite challenging, but with team work and dedication, a new record is always set. Finally, with all the benefits attached with working at Amazon, i'll say, Amazon is simply one of the best places to start and build one's career. ", " Working with amazan was nice. I do not have problem. I work with amazon for four month did tryed to finsh work some day was good some days was bad.  I say like is not hours not.days they give the job to finsh not bring back.  No need to make escuse.  If you choose itit do it.  Try to join amazan istead of egency. ", " has potential too grow as a great company i had the early morning shift it was great shift met many friends there unfortunately i could not get my badge converted ", " I joined amazon because a friend had started working there, and said it was fun.( she was in the packaging area) When I got hired I was assigned to stow ( just scanning boxes to items to bins), which apparently you had to scan fast enough but not to fast and accurately place the items to the right size bins, making sure they never blocked each other. Annoying but it wasn't to bad. What got to me though is they really didn't want you to talk to anyone, only \"this barcode can't be scanned\" stuff like that for hours. Wanted to switch job positions but it was a 2 month wait, and the location I was hired in hired too many people before the other side (of the newly built building) was finished so I was being sent home everyday for not enough work. Wasn't really worth not making money for two months to get moved. ", " The place is good but too much standings. Also can get very stressful andthe hours are long but the payments is good. Too much control for people coming checking on you when you make mistake. ", " It was pretty boring, I only worked part time. The associates are pretty fun but it could be drama. Management constantly changed so it felt like no one really figured out the best way to run things. There was no music and they hate if you talk too much but its dreadful without friends. Really easy job, people are constantly getting fired and hired. ", " I enjoyed working there, made new friends and learn new thing. The work place was good when I started, the people work hard, but is hard to say the same about management. ", " Have to constantly be working to meet \"goal\". Hardest part of the job was the constant work rate although did make time go by faster. ", " I would show up, wait for the bell to ring, go to my station, pack boxes, eat \"lunch\" at 11:30 pm, and return to my station to pack more boxes. ", " I loved the competitive nature of trying to best at amazon and working with great people. The days were long but the pay was good. ", " This was my all time favorite Jon. I worked with both Amazon delivery drivers assisting in deliveries as well as working with customers and delivery instrucions. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " -Managed and supervised inventory defect control using various resource for cost effective labor control -Audited standardized work processes ensuring correct procedural implementation based on regulations -Trained new assosciates to meet the qualities and expectations of the firm and the management team. ", " Great company to work for, lots of benifits and potential for growth but you must be dedicated and be wiling to work flexible hours (shifts) ", " Great job and fun.  Loved working from home. Didn't give much time off. Had to make sure you worked overtime to accrue time off ", " Assist customers with problems, replacements, refunds.  Listen to a lot of complaints.  Lots of meetings with supervisors.  Team oriented place to work. ", " Everything was straight forward and not too difficult to understand.  I learned how to manage my time to get the most done in a day.  The managers were nice and usually around to help with problems. Hardest part was when there was pressure to get work done inh a certain amount of time. Best part was when there wasn't pressure to get work done. ", " Managers care more about there bonuses then the employees. They are constantly setting up their employees to fail. The employees are forced to come into work even when the town they live in is  in a state of emergency weather wise (they make use your time if you want to stay home however they do not give you a reasonable amount of time). Employees are consistently overworked and treated poorly by bosses, they take the approach that if you want to leave good we will just hire a replacement. ", " Typical day of work is come into work sign in go to the briefing get assigned what to do so picking and then you pick and have to be on target until the end of the day my manager is good ", " Fast paced environment where you would have to remember the process to the letter to ensure that the customer has the best experience. Fun yet busy environment. ", " Good job and good benefits. Warehouse work can get monotonous if you don't stretch and apply yourself in areas besides your own but that adds motive for people to be driven. ", " This job was very fast paced but was very fun. All employee's of Amazon were hard working and the staff was very professional. It is an honor to work for this company. ", " Did not enjoy working for amazon. Always being threatend with your job if you don't go faster and more accurate everyday. They want a high turnover rate. Even you manage to get to management they will send you somewhere else in the country. If you don't want to go they will find a way to fire or make you quit. ", " I liked the amazon is you are working 8 hours a day if you can stand the extra hours are paid after 40 hours with 12 city have been working hard what to say was well mau fired without any rasppun called me and meow said today remain at home because they no longer need me ", " Overall the place teaches you a lot how to be safe to always stay alert of your surroundings and the surrounding of your co workers . It's almost like you're a family there for the most part because safety comes first at amzon and wouldn't you want your family or friends or even someone you just care about to be safe ", " While working at amazon, i worked as a \"stower\". Which is the name for associates who store products throughout the factory. An average workday entails clocking in, then gathering in your group to attend a bi-daily pep talk from your managers, one in the morning and one after lunch. We would then proceed to begin work by grabbing carts and storing products throughout the factory. The only real downside to this work was immense boredom from storing the same item hundreds a time a day for days on end. Despite the long dull hours and tiring work, what made it a much better and more pleasing experience was the managers and my fellow coworkers. Who went out of their way to create a motivational and pleasing environment. To which i will miss the fact that i can no longer work with them. ", " This is not a job for the unmotivated. Shifts are long, and you are standing, walking or lifting something the entire time. It's great if you wish to get in shape, but gets very monotonous fast. Most of the management want you to personally succeed at the job, and will do whatever they can to make sure that you do. However, if you don't try to succeed, you won't be able to hold a job here.  Also, a warning to all potential thieves out there: You WILL get caught, and you WILL get charged for your thefts. There is even a TV that lists all of the reasons people got fired/arrested in the previous months (without giving any personal details of who the employee was of course). ", " job was boring and there is little to no communication between management and employees plus management never pays attention to the workers except for their favorites ", " Working from home takes discipline. Amazon is a great company with great hours. The management is awesome and dependable. i started working there in 2015, and I have only had positive experiences. There is a great management team that is there for support and advice. You also have a direct manager who you can use as support. Everyone is pleasant and very helpful. They also offer overtime often. ", " A very big warehouse not enough break time, management just care about you making your production numbers. I like working in Outbound that Inbound ", " You have to make the best of you you will be trained in specific area with a 30 day learning curve after you will be required to make rate. And also keep a 100% productivity every week witch your manager will be keeping up with if you cant keep your productivity up eventually you will be fired. But it all depends on were you are located some managers will help you and move to to another function were you can possibly do better. It is not a job for everyone and there are a lot of politics among peers. But its not hard to succeed as long as you ready for long hours and doing repetitive lifting. ", " While I worked at Amazon in Tracy, I was a picker, whose responsibility is to pick items out from the automated kiva bot pods and place them in the respective totes to ship out or relocate. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I like Amazon, it's a great place to work with great benefits and pay. The staff is cool and the job is easy. I'd refer others to work there and let them know how good the place is. ", " Being a picker at amazon was very interesting. Working there you actually get to be a part of knowing the quota within Amazon. Picking the items for the customers was also interesting because you get to see things that you might've needed at one point that you didn't know Amazon had. Overall my time at Amazon was intriguing. ", " I had only worked at Amazon for a few months but from my experience, the company did offer many opportunities rise up the ladder. ", " slave labour, ridiculous expectations, poor workforce, sub standard workplace advancement, I learned nothing the whole 7 weeks I was their, I was lied to, and told I could come back, then I was lied to again, we are treated like criminals, moved around like sheep, I can go on but I think ive made my point. ", " Not a very safe company to work for...They are closed down now. But the owner is a very great person.................... ", " Working at Amazon was great but also had some bad things about it. They pressured you a lot, you are timed when you have to pick an item. Sometimes I would be on the first floor and they would randomly send me to the third floor. When you had to find a small object in the very bottom of a bin full of other items. ", " A good first job, join during the holiday season work hard, and you got a great chance at being a permanent worker. I found this jobs hours to work great with me, not a stressful work place at all. ", " It was a good job. Really good benefits. The hardest part of the job was working the night shift. It was a bit hard getting used to that schedule. It was my first warehouse job, I did learn a lot. ", " Most days at the job I would be working at a different task or a task where I was able to move around.  I learned more of how to communicate with others differently and how to keep others more lively to have the work place moving constant. The hardest part of the job was staying busy on slow days and the most enjoyable part of the job were the employees I worked with. We all got along and took care of each other. ", " Must know the job description you are getting into. If working in a newly opened warehouse there is room for growth within fairly quick. Advancement is certainly favorites. ", " I worked the 1am-630a shift and the work was busy it helped the time go by quick. I only did 1 job function the ambassador employees didn't really help to learn new things they kind of stood around and talked while everyone else busted their butts. I still have not received pay for my 1st week of work, seems the right hand and the left hand of the company dont work that well together. ", " No actual management to report to. May managers with many different answers.The hardest part is not having someone to go to if need further assistance. Set hours are not standard and when they are available have to run to get them. ", " It's okay for a fill job until u can find something else Management does not care. Closes up on warehouse  for 10.5 hours per day. 30 min lunch ", " Work 10-12 Hours A Day. Great Pay But It's A Constant Stand-On Job. Supervisors/ Coworkers Are Very Helpful With Training And Answering Questions In Completing Certain Tasks ", " B\u0103d experience Working at Amazon Warehouse in Sheffield. All Amazon staff had the easy Jobs to do and the Agency staff had to Carry out all the work. Just one 30 min Break wich is not enaugh and legal. Every night people had minor accidents on the convayors. Heavy boxes to lift, way to heavy for one person to lift. Management dosent care about employes Tips untill something bad happends. And so many more to Say about my Amazon job. ", " its fast pace work and very fun must be willing to move and learn new things along with new people. not very flexible when it comes to shift changes or personal issues. ", " i liked the job because the people were nice and when i went through training they showed me how to do my job and stuck with me for two days and made sure i knew what i was doing ", " The hardest part of the job was just being on your feet all day. The work was simple and also efficient. Management was good and always made sure the staff was comfortable and safe ", " Does not care about employees. High turn over rate. Not reasonable at all. Long shifts standing on your feet doing hard manual labor. ", " A very straightforward job working with highly active and friendly people. Does require a vast amount of physical work but pays well. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " i start working in december in amazon, only for a month, in picking.  they teach us what we need do to and how, what its the best way to do it, what we should do if anything happens. the normal process.  it was a nice experience but for a company like amazon i think they should have better organization. ", " Company was a great start for someone getting into the tech field.  However, advancing beyond desktop support to network engineer is very difficult.  Amazon requires certificates, but fails to provide any training to assist in growth.  Most have to use their own time to go to school and often school schedule exceptions get denied for \"customer demand\". ", " Very fast paced enviroment.! how to pack multiple items correctly at a fast pace an to take pride of how i performed for each package that gets shipped out. driving a hour to two hour drive working  10 shift 4 days a week. having the responsibility to fix any issues with packages. ", " I don't think that we are getting paid enough because we are using are own car and taking a chance with putting miles on the car. As well as the wear and tear of our vehicle. ", " The work is very easy and can be repetitive, but the people you work with can be fun and entertaining. Great benefits that start the first day of the job. Management is a fresh out of college. They are nice and friendly but sometimes they are caught out of their element. ", " Amazon has many perks for hourly employees including: Free coffee and hot chocolate. They also provide Gatorade in the summer when it is hot.   Lots of time off available for family and leisure  Great school accommodation policy  Pays a living wage and benefits package  Amazon has high expectations for employees due to the volume of product that they deal with (which grows every year) but in exchange they look out for their employees. It is a fun place to work. Lots of incentives and the HR Department is top notch.   Amazon is very good about promoting from within.   If every company in the U.S. cared so much about paying a living wage according to geographical location, the economy would take care of itself. ", " Usually stressful days at times, but does get better when coming up with strategies to make work easier. Learned how the building runs, gaining knowledge how other departments operate including problem-solving skills and experiencing PA work. Management has its good and greats, communicates well with associates and knows how to work with their barriers. Co-workers are fun to work with, have respect for each other. Moving inventory that weigh more than 100 pounds. Is making customers happy and come back to shop again. ", " Awful place to work,1/2 an hour break in a 11 and a 1/2 hour shift.If you are desperate enough to work for them GOOD LUCK. Hard and fast paced environment,this is sometimes made even harder depending which job you were given that night.Your every move seems to be monitored by the supervisors and managers which becomes very tiresome. Certainly not for me. ", " A company that expects too much from its managers and as a result has a high turnover rate.  Expected to do minimum 12 hours a day and closer to 15 during busy periods.  If your career is the most important thing for you, then Amazon is a great opportunity to progress and move up the corporate ladder. ", " Working for Amazon was a great experience overall. There were plenty of learning and advancement opportunities. Leadership was very helpful and mindful of everyone's concerns and also ideas on making work more efficient. ", " Fast pace Teamwork is necessary  Good mangers and supervisors  Good hours  Flexible hours The hardest part of working warehouse and making sure you get the packages in their right places. Overall, I would recommend a person to work for Amazon. ", " It was an easy job but some of the management/workers either had the degree and didn't know how to use it in the field that they worked or they didn't have the degree but knew how to  do the job but since they were not \"qualified\" they were rejected from moving up in the career. ", " Long shifts and routine jobs make it slightly difficult to get acclimated. The pay and benefits make it worth every second of your time. Since the facility has so many employees you get the opportunity to be more independent than most jobs. ", " Amazon was a good opportunity though the chances of making a career out of there for myself was very unlikely. The pay for what I was doin was ok but the opportunities to advance seem narrow at best. I wont say I would never go back but if a better paying job came up I would definitely jump on it. ", " Great this company was the best online training and employment I have experienced, Couldnt ask for a better team lead and manager. I would love to work for Amazon again to bad my position was seasonal. I truly enjoyed everyone including my customers that I worked with. I highly recommend AMAZON a a workplace. ", " Amazon is a job with great positives that rope you in. They have awesome pay, with minimal requirements. As well as immediate benefits and plenty of overtime. Which is perfect for seasonal workers. But when you are looking to advance you realize the dirty game Amazon plays.   Incentives and bonuses are not give, after working so hard to be earned. The stress, from the condition of the environment you work in, combats the mental/physical stress of doing the work at benchmark. There is absolutely no kind of job security. The job just take more from you then you'll ever recieve. ", " I enjoy my position.  Fun working atmosphere with great Supervisors.  Great benefits.  Hands on supervision.    My typical day at work begins with a stand up procedure to receive all updated announcements.  Work starts out with clocking in to your computer and getting the products ready to Prep...e.g., bagging, taping, bubble wrap, etc.  Hardest part of the job is standing on your feet for 10 or 11 hours a shift.  Most enjoyable is sitting down at break and lunch.  Resting your feet as much as possible.  Sharing important information with each co-worker to be sure the job process is successful. ", " I did not mind the job requirements for Amazon. I was rated at the top of my peers when we had to get our rates. I do feel that the company will help you proceed in the direction you want to go in in your career. I enjoyed the job but I did not care for the way problems were solved inside the company. I do know that now they have improved their staff which improved their production. ", " The warehouse was run by a bunch of kids that couldn't manage their way out of a wet paper bag. The kids that worked there were lazy and management looked the other way. Pushed all the work to those that did work. The hr ppl are bullies. Hear say and rumors are treated as fact. Just not a good place to work do to  the ppl and management. Avoid if at all possible. ", " Its ok to work here, however they only offer Temp or permanent part-time only. There is no benefits at all since your here as a part time employed. The people are very nice and the co workers! "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Working for Amazon means thriving in ambiguous and high stress situations. The part-time business model and lack of work-life balance (70-80 hour weeks are typical) drives high turnover and attrition. Planning and executing shifts to ensure that hundreds of thousands of packages are delivered on a daily basis is an absolute adrenaline rush. Working swing shifts and all holidays can be a burden, especially on family time and physical health, so making the most of time off is essential. Call offs cannot happen in leadership positions due to a lean hierarchy and specialized roles. Senior leadership has a tendency to turnover frequently which can lead to fatigue especially in regards to change management and development of new corporate culture. ", " A very demanding job, costumer focused with a H&amp;S culture implemented and followed across site. The managers are always willing to hear from you and there are some job opportunities arising... ", " The work days are very long when hired for full time. There are not enough bathrooms to accommodate all the employees, and one must wait. The lunch and 2 breaks are not long enough to really have a rest, because it takes several minutes to walk to the break room within the giant warehouse. Everything is computerized, and while working the computer is always monitoring your work, picking time in seconds, etc. There really isn't any enjoyable part of the day when working at the Hebron, KY Prime Pantry Center. ", " It was a great experience working and learning new things people were very creative and innovative , management used to welcome new ideas whenever necessary ", " Its an ok starting job if youre looking for ok pay. People are a little grumpy and it can be very fast paced at times. They'll mess up your occasiinally? ", " i work at the return center. Jobs are relatively easy and it is a fun place to work. Salary is the same as other ware house jobs. ", " Great place to work at. Also great people to work around. I would defiantly go back if I had to. I really enjoyed the experience at amazon. That is all ", " Everyday you're on the job it feels like it could be your last. It's all about rate and they remind you everyday that if you don't hit it, they will let you go. It's a very stressful situation to be in and they have the highest turnover rate I have ever seen.The Pay is the saving grace. ", " Enjoyed the challenge of ensuring payments were good prior to releasing orders.  My day was always busy, handling from a minimum of 60 to 100's (during Christmas season) a day.  The workplace culture was quite interesting, with dealing with customers from all 50 states.  The most interesting situations was when I worked with various law enforcement agencies regarding attempted fraud. ", " Amazon is a great place to work for at home for people that have children that get out of school early. I love that I am able to do my own schedule and still get up to 40 hours a week. We help customers with orders received and not received, charge inquiries, kindle, fire stick, and any other issues they may have with their account with Amazon. ", " good for workers to get a lot of steam and stress of their heads and also the staff was very kind and caring also helpful in a lot of ways if needed help to solve problems. they never cared if you worked long hours or  overtime it was up to you. safe work handling practices taught in training how to lift heavy objects and rotate your whole body when picking up boxes. ", " I had just sold my Businesses of 10 years and needed to get back into the workforce and Amazon gave me that chance.  If you can handle standing on your feet for 12 hrs at a time it's a great place to work. ", " Typical day begins with a group overview followed by a periodic stretching routine and the work day begins. Management was very friendly, the walking may have been the hardest part of this job for some people but to me it was the most enjoyable part of the job because it helps you stay in shape. ", " my agency were fantastic to work for  I enjoyed my job liked the fast pace also great help available always had opertunity to progress ", " Quality assurance (QA), which audits how well we\u2019re sticking to agreed processes and highlights any discrepancies. This team also helps analyse customer-facing metrics. ", " Having worked with Amazon for a brief time, I hadn't much really to say other than it was a tremendous joy to work alongside so many others that would work as hard as myself and strive everyday to conquer new challenges and push themselves ever further. Each day was always different, never was anything the same or boring. I learned how to better manage my work space while stacking boxes within trucks, as well as the importance of safety while walking through the pallet aisles. People from all over the world seemed to work there, each one bringing with them their own bit of home, their culture and traditions.  The Managers fought hard to ensure that everyone was enjoying themselves while not pushing themselves too hard and risking harm. They did their best to make sure that everything ran as smoothly as possible. I believe the hardest part of the job itself would have been during a time when some of the larger devices would become incapacitated and it would require all of us to pull together to get through the day/night.   On the other side of that, it could also be said that those were some of the best times, as we would come together as a team and work to keep the place moving, never stopping and allowing a small kink in the chain to slow us down. ", " The work is hard, but management and co-workers make your work day fun. There is always someone willing to help. Management is always available to assist you. Your hard work is always acknowledged. You are randomly chosen to learn and/or train in other areas of the business. ", " I did work there for nine months.  I have been trained to do all the jobs. Picking paking rebine stowing and shipping. I have sent to do any duties you have been asked for a any time  Long hours to work 10 hours a shift expected to work every minutes of it. Target system too high  Expected to walk 30 miles a shift if you do picking  Every day you can expect your job will be terminated might call youone hour before your shift finish and asked to give your work Id and leave.  No respect of work place.  Too much mess damage caused by the stowers and thieves ", " Amazon is a great place to work if you can stay away from the drama. Very childish management. Hardly move up with the company. ", " Great Place To Work, Workplace Friendly, Lots Of Hard Work, Employees Are Treated Kindly &amp; We Make Sure That Our Customers Are Always Satisfied "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a really decent company to work with and they offer such great benefits. It's a really energetic environment which is great. I, however, have learned with my time there that it is not the place for me but I do recommend it if you're looking for a job with great pay and benefits. ", " Some associates great people the management don't know how to work and treat staff so rude. Would not recommend anyone to work for them.. never believed anyone till now. ", " Moving around a lot and the company is currently growing and getting bigger they are now offering more benefits but amazon doesn't bend for its employees and it's chaotic at times but you get to meet a lot of people and learn things for the outside world ", " They work you to death picking orders. Pay doesn't match work load. Managers are sneaky. You feel like a robot working there. You don't get to use your brain picking orders ", " Amazon was a great place to work.It builds you up as a person.The leadership team is helpful.Amazon is a place that pushes you to your goals ", " Everyday begins with a group stretch for each department which has the manager announcing the amount of freight, its quality, and work expectations for the day. There you learn how to maintain a steady pace and a high quality performance. Managers expect the best from their employees for the quality can grant incentives and rewards. Employees range in various ways from ethnicity, age, and location. People commute from all over the state to work. It's difficult to move, pick orders, and maintain a high quality rate for the job duty. Employees are constantly on their feet and moving quickly. The most enjoyable part of the job is the fact that employees actually gain friends and are able to be social while accomplishing the daily goals set by management. ", " Fast paced environment, nice people, short brakes. good incentives. Once permanent your salary improves a little bit and also your benefits. ", " A typical day at work usually starts out with a briefing of the days production volume, then we exercise and stretch out. Workplace culture is work hard, have fun and make history. Management is great with making themselves available at all times and will listen to your concerns. What I learned is if you work hard you will be rewarded and the hardest part of the job is when other people don't pull there weight. But, overall it's the BEST company I have been apart of in the past decade. GREAT COMPANY!!!! ", " Overall a good place to work.... Communication is poor and organization is poor As well. Pay rate is great, variable compensation pay is a good bonus and it's a cool company. ", " typical days starts with a briefing from your area or shift manager or lead, generally telling you how much work needs to be done.  even though opportunities for advancements arrise, the chances of getting any promotion wether temporary or permenant is very slim unless you have an existing working relationship with hr and/or upper management.   the co-workers i have had during my time have a wide range of personalities and cultures, making it a varied and interesting place to work, if you can find time to talk.  the hardest part is probably a tie between having to hit demanding targets, and the long time standing and/or walking during a shift. the only good part of the day is when you have finished it ", " On your feet 12 hours per day picking and stocking heavy merchandise.  The only time you are allowed to sit is during your breaks which you are allowed 2 15-minute breaks and 1/2 hour lunch. ", " I enjoy working there. It is a lot of fun. You work a lot of hours when it is peak time. You also can make a lot of extra money during that time too. ", " Amazon us a fun active work place great Benefits . Production and great product. Fast paced a lot of walking Great potential can be made there. ", " It's an OK company to work for, can't live on the salary they give you though .  Disorganized at times but fun to work at sometimes. ", " It is like any other single tasked work, with constant repetition in manual labor and basic knowledge in computer understandment. ", " Hard work but good job. Low pay for what the job entails but good benefits. Easy route to make small advances within the company. Supervisors need more training. ", " The pay is not work it! This place will beat you up physically and mentally. The management is horrible. If they're not chasing/looking for a boyfriend/girlfriend, they're standing around or disappear into the stairwell to use their cell phones. I met some good people there but its mostly dog eat dog to get the better job assignments where you're not trapped at a station for 10 hours. ", " Amazon has great benefits, but it does not completely compensate for how poorly treated employees are, and how hard you are wanted to work. Would not recommend. ", " Friendly place to work. Lots of laughs and a good time. Great environment to work in. Awesome staff. Great benefits. One of my favorite jobs i have worked at. ", " This place was an exceptional place to work. The break rooms were huge and had computers with internet access. The benefits started right away and were not expensive. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The most important part of the job is that I was able to meet all sort of people from different background. The hardest part of working for amazon is the fact that everybody had to stay and do a compulsory over time. Then again the shift pattern was flexible. ", " Terrible work environment. Many employees do not know who their manager is for weeks! Management treats employees like lesser humans thinking that their education got them their job, therefore they are somehow above, Not knowing (ignorant) to the fact that many employees are better educated than them! ", " Management was a joke unless you were young and willing to be friends you did not move up in this company. Managers will warn their picks when they are due to be drug tested to save them yet terminate the people who work hard and show up every day for rate issues, ", " A day to day work would be picking products but the hardest part of the job was we had to hit 100% pick rate every day what was inpossible to do every day you worked there.   The management was not only hard to work for as they where only worryed about the pick rate.   Co-workers where good to work with as we all got along with each other no matter what kind of day we was having.   what did I lurn from this job team work is a big part of any job if you don't get along with every one it will just make your day harder and longer. ", " Job provides decent pay for part time work, basically warehouse type work.  Management usually requires you to stay late at least 1 hour every night, which I did not have a problem with, but they complain if people would come back a few minutes late from break. A few of the managers were younger egomaniacs. ", " It was a nice fats paced place to work which I loved because you were always busy. The staff were really amazing and helpful they always maid sure to make everything clear on our assignments. ", " A highly busy establishment that need to stay clear on the promises and incentives that's told, and give hour lunch breaks instead of 30 minutes, it's hard on people bodies to constantly stand and only have so much time to break but have to walk a distant to break, therefore it's really not a break. ", " Working at Amazon was an awful experience.  Careless co-workers caused me an injury.  Amazon is refusing to pay my medical bills or any salary while I am off work.  Awful place to work! False advertising about benefits. ", " What I enjoyed most about this job was the benefits and not being monitored all the time when out on deliveries. You basically run on your own time, but still have to get done with your route at a fair pace. The hardest part was making sure packages don't get stolen when they're out of your hands after the package was delivered. A typical day I would start early, hop in a assigned Amazon truck with my route attached to my scanner, load my truck at the warehouse and afterwards, head to my destination and proceed with my route. Usually, I used to finish within 7-8 hours then I'd get to go home. The one thing I learned with this job is to have patience, because most times, you'd be in a rush to go home, but this job made me realize to be patient and calm and everything usually goes smoothly. ", " Enjoyed working for Amazon but didn't agree with the management plan and only having the chance for overtime at Christmas and not being able to advance in the company as it capped for anyone who hasn't got a degree or if the management team wouldn't let you progress ", " At Amazon Fulfilment Center, I've learned how to use the push pill pallet Jack. I had to get a completed pallet to ship it to the trucks. I learned how to use a scanner to scan in the packages onto the pallets. I've learned to close a pallet as well. My part tim seasonal with Amazon was a nice experience. ", " this place was very boring as i like busy places i like everyday different however here everyday was same and the job was very monoton 8 hours standing on same place and pack items.This job was not for me.I like challenges i like busy environment i like dealing with people and solving problems ", " Various requirements presented to me each work day, worked on mechanical and electrical issues, as the facilities engineer I also worked on lighting, water systems backup generator and required inspection of bathrooms ", " work is not hard. but constantly have to be bothered by them telling you rate even when the machines are messing up. Long 10 hours of work. no music or no motivation to keep u going. managers show favoritism and dont do their jobs at all. unorganized and never know whats going on. ", " Don't treat British people nice , rude,nasty attitude have no respect when it comes to their employees where I suffered from anxiety and it isn't a nice place to work where they were pressuring people to keep to speed with targets and productivity which is a form of bullying and punishing the sick people too money too bad  Warn people who to apply for this could happen to yourselves ", " Great benefits after 1 year mark , manangent needs a little work.very fast pace and they don't have any problem getting rid of you , your always walking on egg shells , you only have a certain amount of time you can take off, you get personal like 40hrs (4 days) ,80 (8 days) and vacation accruing 1.35 days every 2 weeks for a year(32 hrs)-3 days and 2hours mandatory OT could be called 12hrs before a shift suddenly usually 4 day shifts on 5 with overtime . ", " I learned how to operate the reach truck, PR, PC, clamp and tugger after over a year of employment although I requested it constantly.  They constantly move you around to other departments that you are not very good in instead of cross training other employees so that there is a rotation instead of the same people always being sent elsewhere.  Favoritism was a major problem there. ", " Helps you to learn how to work in a fast paced environment. Teaches you how to please customers to a high extremity. This job helps increase your knowledge in business and you get to deliver packages to customers. ", " I learned more than packing and picking skills. the hardest part of the job is priority. I am a brilliant team worker and have experience working well with other people when playing in team \tfor sport .this has also helped to develop good communication skills. I am a fast learner and am happy to do any training needed for a job .I\u2019m flexible to working long hours and different shifts ", " They say that they'll give you hours but once you start working they try to keep you at a minimum of 20 hours I worked there for 4 months and was told after 3 months I would be given a raise and I didn't get a raise so I had left to go to another company since Amazon was not a place to grow or move up the ladder "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Great place to work, everyone is very friendly, training was smooth simple and informative. Supervisors are great and understanding, they are always there for assistance and listen to all your concerns. ", " I really enjoyed working for Amazon while my brief time there. It's definitely a company I would recommend for consideration to work. Very safe and productive atmosphere to work in. ", " Working at Amazon really tested my limits. As a picker, I walked 10 hours a day all day while picking orders that were being shipped out. The work was tough physically at times, but really improved my endurance and self motivation. During the Holiday seasons the fulfillment center was filled with spirit and hard work. November-December 2016 we were working 60 hour work weeks and while exhausting helped me with efficient productiveness. Besides getting accustomed to the job, the only real problem I had there was the rate system and we were the department with a stricter enforcement on it. For a first job, I would say it treated me well. ", " Working at Amazon can be physically challenging, you are usually on your feet for 10 hours a day. The breaks are very short, and there are a lot of managers. ", " Working for a huge company like Amazon has many pros. Stock options, excellent health care benefits, and a wide range of different process paths provide incentives for employees to stay with the company.  Certain other aspects of their treatment of employees could use improvement. On the whole the stated \"customer obsession\" that drives much of the company policy tends to crowd out treating their employees as well as they might. ", " Long hours at night standing in one spot packing boxes. even longer hours over the holiday but overall it  paid well for what you were doing but it was a pretty fast paced  enviroment ", " This employer offers no training.  When employees start, they are expected to do their jobs and figure things out as they go.  Management really does not listen to employees. ", " was only a seasonal worker and was laid off after 4 ramp downs, the work is rewarding, you get to help alot of people on a daily basis. really good wage and the managers are great. You get continual coaching every week too so you are continually improving on your skills. Would love to work there again. There is stability and progression in the job if you manage to get hired full time. ", " The best part about the work is that 40 hours a week is guaranteed, and you can do it from the comfort of your home. However, the time constraints of what is expected as you are on Amazon's time is definitely an inconvenience to workers. Training is self-taught or given by whoever feels compelled to help; but don't count on it too much. Management, for the most part, handles their duties from home as well; there's no telling the kind of rapport going on between management and employees. I don't have the energy to continue spelling out how their standard of customer service is a contradiction to any other's standards. ", " Amazon is a great company because they will take anybody in and help them learn their job duties. Amazon offers room to move up in the ranks. They offer great programs for school. ", " Decent pay, fast paced, and really requires a little drive to be the top man, but its achievable. The opportunities for promotion are given to everyone openly as long as they fit the guidelines. ", " its a great company to work for if you don't mind transfers every 3months. met a lot of people working for amazon and also built some great life long relationships. ", " Very interesting job, everyday seeing new products that you never knew existed. Very busy, fast paced job. Management changes very often. The hardest part of job is keeping up with expected quota which changes very often. Standing and lifting for ten hour shifts was hard. ", " Was a fun company to work. Leadership was mostly friendly. Great break area. Work wasn't difficult. Met a lot of great friends/co-workers.  However, work was unsteady. Everything would be finished in a few hours. Scheduled for 10 and a half hours shift, only work 2. Constantly offered \"Voluntary Time Off\" ", " great place to work,the employees are passionate about helping people and teaching them new traits. I learned key factory work traits during my time there and all the staff were nice and helpful.  the hardest part of the job was reaching your personal weekly target  the most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people ", " A typical day at Amazon is always tiring, working 12 hours on my feet, but I always get high marks of exceeding productivity marks. I get noted by my manager for being at 170% of expected productivity regularly, and am rewarded for my hard work very often. ", " very laid back place to work at. The whole place is huge and very vibrant. They work you, but it also makes time go by fast. Great benifits they offer you. During the holidays they give you amazing time an a half. ", " 4 days of work at 10 hour shifts, unless there is overtime which would be another full 10 hour day during the week. fast paced keeps job going ", " i loved working for amazon i enjoyed my daily task and i really enjoyed my co-workers. amazon looks out for its employee not like most warehouse jobs that seem like a sweat shop. there was always something to excite me about the next day. ", " As a tech company I have heard nothing but great things about Amazon.  However; this was not the case in regards to the logistics and Supply Chain business.  I was fortunate to learn quite a bit in regards to how a large company in the midst of rapid expansion handles personnel issues.  The culture consisted of an underlying... almost unspoken theme of one specific way to get ahead. I believe that there is ample opportunity but it just isn't for everyone.  Management is highly concerned with numbers as they should be however the rapid rate of expansion can swallow you up and spit you out if you aren't in a position to take full advantage of what is offered. Culturally speaking; management does put forth effort to create an enjoyable environment.  Although they are notoriously known to over staff managers and pit them against each other in order to drive sales and process improvement. The over staffing causes many managers to leave the company as not everyone can pick up and move out of state to remain with the company. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a hard place to work at. Not that I am against hard work. I worked there for 4 years after all. If you work day shift you go in when it is dark and you do not leave till it is dark or almost dark. Your body aches and after a while you develop health issues.   Why? Because they push you hard to move as fast as you can, or you get written up.   The benefits are excellent (minus the mediocre pay) so you can see those expensive doctors, and get those surgeries and treatments you are going to need.  Management is a mixed bag. There are people who care who have risen through the ranks over the years. You will know these people as they are trying to make the place better. Then you have the pathways managers. Pathways is a program started in 2011 where Amazon hires inexperience people with master degrees to oversee all operations.   It is a disaster. The traditional managers end up doing all the work and the pathways managers take ALL the credit.   My recommendation is do not work there. 4 to 6 ten to 12 hour days is not worth it. ", " Completely hated working here. Long hours, high hourly targets, management don't care about you only want you to work faster. No care for safety or the individual just work faster make Amazon rich. ", " Feedback from customers can make employees star. Conversely, any negative feedback can throw an employee out of the company. Very less focus on employees but all the focus on customer. However, there is motivation in working because when you keep customer at the center of your innovation , you end up doing some cool stuff. Work-life balance can definitely be better. ", " The job as a picker is easy enough, but working there is horrible. The social environment sort of felt like going back to high school, from management down to packer there wasn't much maturity and felt like a cliquish unwelcoming environment. It's tolerable to work as a temp but working there permanently must be stressful based on my experience. I wouldn't recommend it except as a temporary means to supplement income. ", " As long as you do your job it's easy to meet standard. Hold on to your stock as long as you can goes up every year. Work hard have fun make history!! ", " Too many managers NOT aligned with the mission statement that get in each others way.  Getting feedback takes upwards of weeks.  Management turnover is standard. ", " While working for atmosphere I enjoyed the diversity of culture that ran throughout the building, everyone was aloud to express themselves as they saw fit and it made the whole place feel more welcoming. Although at times the customers can be apart of the cons of the job, there wasn't anything that stuck out as unfair or biased. I would recommend working here to anyone. ", " Loved the job, good benefits, nice management. The job was a bit stresfull for me due to I having a son, the hours would not let me spend as much time with my son. ", " I love my work, the management is pretty good.  Employees are treated in a very transitory fashion and essential lied to about the prospect of permanent positions.  The sad thing is that its obvious that the objective is to gain good workers and release them before they would be required to give them a raise / benefits or be obligated to give them permanent work.  Economy killers. ", " Awesome managers. Great work hours especially for students. I learned a lot from management and my coworkers. Honestly the only downfalls are no benefits, paid time off or that management didnt really engage personally. My favorite part was the meetings we would have before every shift. It helped us to know things and we clapped in like a true team. Didnt like that there were some people that were very lazy. ", " I was working for amazon it is a great start up career. the people for the most part is very friendly. The training is not that long of a process. They give good pay I enjoyed working with them and giving me the experience needed for future employment. The most enjoyable part is you meet a great team who is very caring. The hardest thing is the physical labor can be exhausting. ", " nothing good to say about this company. management is all politics and although they say they care about their associates and their input, they do the complete opposite. ", " Amazon has been thus far the best job I have ever had. There are so many opportunities and benefits to take advantage of and gain from. When working for Amazon Fulfillment Center you really get the feeling of being a part of a team and being a part of the main goal and plot of the company. Everyone employed has lots of energy and much to teach and learn. ", " I really enjoyed working on behalf of Amazon.co.uk  The job was brilliant, even the 5:30am wake up calls to get onto site before 7am for loading on the parcels. The customers where generally a happy bunch, even when a problem had arose the ways of dealing with the situations where simple and easy to follow to resolve the situations. My only problem was my supervisor as they where on a major power trip, they never took into consideration employee problems or misunderstandings unless they where personal friends of theirs, this made for very awkward morning briefings and giving advise on how a service could be improved to help the customer. ", " I work from home so I am able to have a very flexible schedule and I love that. I actually miss the face to face contact with customers but  my overall day is amazing. My management team is awesome and my virtual co-workers is amazing. The hardest part of my job is at times knowing that a customer wasn't able to get their package on time when they really needed if for a special occasion. I really enjoy helping the customers at the end of the day when I am able to help the customer smile by the end of the call I have done my job well. ", " typical day at work - picking and packing what i learned - teamwork and communication with other to achive goals management - demanding and looking to achive targets co workers - focused on achiving targets, nice, hardworking people hardest part of the job - sometimes could been very repetitive the most enjoyable part of job - working close with people ", " Terrible management, unreachable and unrealistic expectations and targets that you must hit or you get points which means you get terminated, without any warning. ", " It was a decent place to work for. Working there is good way to lose weight. The amount of work they expect you to do vs the amount of pay they give you isn't totally worth it. They give you a monthly bonus based on the whole builds productivity instead of your own personal productivity which is not right in my opinion. If you place 2 pieces of product into a wrong bin out of 5,000 plus you do a day they will give you a big lecture on how you are doing a bad job and need to do better or you will get a write up. ", " Typical work day was 4 hours with a 15 minute break. The job was relatively easy it was just a lot of work. I learned that I can do anything I set my mind to and its okay to seek help if necessary. The management was very flexible and extremely helpful. They worked with you on a personal level if need be. The hardest part of the job was really how far it was from where I lived. The most enjoyable part was the people I met. ", " Responsible for all HR functions in a warehouse containing 500 personnel. Generates high level labor planning reports for Sr. Operations to review staffing needs per volume. Facilitates annual training for Area Managers regarding HR procedure. Maintains accurate roster along with updating attrition/retention/performance data for weekly regional calls. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job is hanging out with teammates and colleagues after the working hours. we're enjoying each moment as a fresh one. I love it. ", " I loved working here it was that I wished I had applied to be permanent instead of temporary.It was a really straight forward work what were u duties and requirements. The long shifts of 11 hour days was just exhausting though. Benefits were wonderful because they were fully paid for. Great team players. ", " Amazon will be a great place to work if a few changes are made to improve management. Constant changes procedure and rates. ", " I worked on the line scanning the product and placing the on the pellet in a 4 foot square wrapping it and sending it off to the truck to be loaded and sent to there destinatio ", " Fun environment because of fellow peer associates. Good benefits when you start work. Bad work environment due to upper management not controlling day to day incoming and outgoing volumes correctly (some days it seems like they don't have a clue on what's going on at all).  The hardest part of the job would have to be having to stand in one spot for ten hours doing monotonous repetitive work with just two 15 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunch and that is still the same as when required to work an 11 hour shift. ", " they have board games, trivia, a basketball hoop in the lunch area. they also have food there you can buy from the machine.. the work is really easy, which could be very boring. but the people are nice, and there is all shapes and sizes there. amazon is very diverse and friendly. ", " Amazon as a whole i feel like is a good place to work.  Unfortunately i feel as though middle management is more concerned with meeting the numbers that senior management has standardized.  therefore management has a  \"what have you done for me lately\" mentality towards their associates. ", " They didn't want to work with my school schedule and would always call me in on my days off. YOU have to work with their schedules.  Everyone that worked there was really friendly ", " a reg day at work is 10 hours they tough me how to be in the warehouse industry management is very nice the hard part is when u dont complet the job u get a point then thats bad, the best part of the job is  free free free free stuff ", " Almost like any other warehouse I've worked at, their benefits are amazing to say the least. Not every FC is the same I know that and just like any other job there are obstacles but the job is what you make it. ", " I enjoyed my time at amazon great work environment. fast pace, same environment, growth opportunities , nice managers, equal opportunity ", " I enjoyed that it was a a very productive place and it was fast pacing when it came to the actual working. Staff were nice and worked with you when you was trouble shooting. ", " Bar Raiser program is great idea with poor execution.  The company is run via great data analytics, but, it's hiring via the Bar Raiser Program has become highly subjective. ", " I work three day Thursday -Saturday 12hr shift good time management , treats all employees equally , has diverse workforce and good work environment as well as more benefit ", " A typical day would involved being placed to perform a variety of different tasks, some which involved little physical and others which required a lot. I enjoyed the physical aspects of it, and usually volunteered for these positions. The work hours were also reliable, with plenty of opportunity for overtime. Management was lacking however, with people leaving their positions for a considerable amount of time with no repercussions; I also felt that management did not adequately address employees concerns or requests. ", " This was a very stressful job definitely not for me as I would have to walk home from town to my house after doing a 10hour shift.the breaks were also to short as it took ", " hard work, fun people, flexible schedule, part time.  People I work with are great. Management sometimes can be a challenge. ", " I was hired for dayshift. The waited until my first day to tell me they changed my hours to overnight. I also made it clear i am highly afraid of heights and they still made me go high up in the air. ", " Amazon is a pretty cool job when it comes to being flexible with your schedule that is definitely a plus, it also provides weekly pay which is great. However you are only getting 4hrs a day can only work 30hrs a week, but no overtime is given. ", " I think this is a fantastic establishment that is fair and very productive, it is a great place to work! This establishment serves its purpose well and does it professionally and in a proficient way. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " management is a joke. constantly trying to get people fired. after a year of working their i got my first and only final writeup for TOT. after i asked the manager , he told me he took off tge cart change over etc. he did not . so i have a final with the Tot. ", " Very fast paced busy work environment. Clean and warm work environment. Excellent canteen. Good training and health and safety standards. Typical day; - Logging on to a work station next to a conveyor belt. Scanning bar codes for identification counting number of unpacked items. Passing items on for storage/ to customers. Lots of rules and proceedures to adhere to. ", " The only downfall about working for a school district is that raises and even some jobs are based  on school budgets. So it's hard to stay in a single role. ", " none of the managers had any experience - We the workers did most of the training and the managers made all the money - and the bonus program went from 4 - 5 hundred dollars to 27 dollars I think was my last bonus. Pretty much a joke since the work never diminished like our bonuses did.  was sick for 2 days and went over my time by 15 minutes and was fired after 7 1/2 years.  Not a very understanding company to work for.  Wasted 7 1/2 years of my life. ", " As a Stower, I enjoyed putting away assorted merchandise into various-sized storage bins. However, the rates requirements are very tough to meet, at least for me. Sometimes I was faced with sacrificing the quality of my work to try to make the quantities required per hour. There was no provision for transferring to another position if you weren't making rate in your current position (no cross-training available to employees that were deficient). If you can do well by meeting the rates requirements of the position, the benefits of being a regular employee are very good. ", " An Amazonian's experience varies greatly depending on the business--and there are many, many businesses within Amazon. It also varies greatly depending on the manager; while at Amazon, I've had the best manager in my 20-year career, as well as the worst manager.  Amazon is a great workplace if you're looking for a career-building opportunity to work with incredibly bright people and to refine your ability to make data-driven decisions in a (almost prohibitively) lean environment. ", " a typical work day at amazon is very busy and long other then standing for ten hours always on your feet you are constantly working really fast to make rate being here I learned the process of what it take to ship out a item and all the steps one little order goes through management was okay fun kept everyone with a smile on their face co workers was nice you get to meet people of all different backgrounds the hardest part of this job is making sure you make rates you could your hardest and sometimes you think you make rate and you don't the most enjoyable part is meeting the new people ", " Typical day at work is fun, learned how to use a Dora, management are helpful when faced with some difficult challenges, co-workers are easy to talk to also helpful if needed, wouldn't say there is a hard part to the job and getting to meet new people when dropping off parcels getting to know the customer so if there not avalable I could always complete my drops some way or another ", " The company has great pay and great benefits, but long shifts. There should be more accommodations for those who are pregnant. ", " Working as a team to complete our cleaning goals on a day to day bases. Things I learned proper way to clean warehouses and apartments in a safe timely manner. Management was good and understanding. The hardest thing was just making sure everything was done correct and in a timely manner so we could go on to complete are next building. I enjoyed the group I worked with hard working and happy to be around. ", " It's not a bad job just management have poor decision making when it comes to the employees. Nobody has a answer they make you research information. Normally HR has most of the unknown answer but they just what they are with no information on employees base. I was known for HR to walk you out and have at least a little detail or information about the work place as for what goes on inside the plant but they don't if manger send you to them they send you right back to the manager. ", " A typical day at work is like any other, go in work then go home, pack the box send it down the line, Its always fun talking with other people, management is always nice to talk to and always help me with my problems ", " A normal day at work is quite long 10h per day plus 2 extra for transport so is eating your time. I learned how to comunicate, how to make myself pleasent to the other people because there are people comming from around 50 countrys. The hardest part of the job is that involves heavy lifting objects and is generaly a fisical job. The most enjoyable thing about this job is that you can make a lot of friends and everyday you get to know a lot of new people. ", " It's hard to find a manager when you need one.  You're very isolated, you spend ten hours walking around grabbing items Amazon needs for their truck. It's the same thing every day.  They will hire anyone.  The job itself is so easy it gets boring.  The most enjoyable part of the job is meeting new people but you get in trouble for talking, so it really isn't allowed. ", " Fun company with great people. The hours are long and it's hard work, but you are paid well for it. Management is helpful and understanding,but the attendance policy is strict and leaves no room for illnesses. They do not accept doctor's excuses nor do they tolerate laziness. The best time to work there is peak (holidays). Shifts are 10 to 12hrs. Be prepared to sweat! They promote fun as long as you keep moving while you do it! ", " They push a rate of packages that need to be put away hourly. Seems like they don't take into account the size of the item or the weight. They have people in direct roles and indirect roles and threaten to fire the people that are in indirect roles. They also have different positions and for instance stowers have to move for pickers but the stower still needs to make rate. ", " Amazon is an enjoyable place to work because I am able to interact with people of different cultures, ages, preferences etc. We work together and build relationships as we are working to satisfy customer needs. Everyone at Amazon knows how important it is to get the job that we are given done in the right way in a timely manner. Everyone is kind to each other there and we all respect each other, as well as the consumer products. Amazon makes it easy for each employee to build, not just as a person but as a worker. ", " B\u0103d experience Working at Amazon Warehouse in Sheffield. All Amazon staff had the easy Jobs to do and the Agency staff had to Carry out all the work. Just one 30 min Break wich is not enaugh and legal. Every night people had minor accidents on the convayors. Heavy boxes to lift, way to heavy for one person to lift. Management dosent care about employes Tips untill something bad happends. And so many more to Say about my Amazon job. ", " benefits are great. coworkers are awesome. management can be better they're all miserable life balance is good except during peak ", " Hires mid level managers with no management experience who are focused on analytics and do not have a fundamental understanding of building teams, caring for people, and creating a positive work environment. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " they promise you everything but they do not deliver on this they constantly favoured people with families even though their partner might also work.  not good if your single and what to have a stable job. ", " Typical work day consisted of clocking in looking at designated work area to find out where I will be working then moving boxes to designated area relatively comfortable fast-paced work area ", " Work is good, pay is good, I don't have much to say, I only worker there for 6 weeks or so, so having a 150 character minimum is difficult for me to reach. ", " Amazon is an amazing company to work for. They provide a great work environment. Easy work/ life balance. Compensation and benefits are awesome. You can advance easily in the company within weeks of employment Shifts include 4 or 5 days 10 hours shift or 3 days and 12 hours shifts.  Pay is great I started at 12.50. Overtime is available wh time and half. ", " At Amazon you learn alot about what is expected to do at a warehouse. Fast moving place with goals to reach each day.. hardest thing to do at Amazon is having to put away over 400+ items and only be able to make 1 mistakes and you get written up ", " You will meet great people, work hard, but have fun doing it. Hardest part of the job can be standing or walking for too long. I enjoyed the times when I did get VTO, which was a voluntary time to go home if you were chosen to. Everyday at work was different for me. Its best to work in the summer. ", " Fun and fast paced environment. Flexible shift selection. I personally worked four days a week, ten hours a day, left me with plenty of personal time. ", " Working at amazon is tough. They watch every move you make. They are quick to warn you and write you up and eventually fire you. Overtime is mandatory! If you don't have time to cover you will be fired quickly. ", " I don't like company culture of Amazon. It don't treat employee friendly. If you cannot find a job in any other places, you may want to join amazon. But it is not a good place to stay for a long time. ", " I really enjoyed working for hhgregg for the manager were positive and very influencing even if you came in with a bad attitude they were    positive regardless ", " Awesome place to work. If you are planning on join Amazon, Don't watch the documentary on Amazon because it has changed a lot. Managers are friendly and will help you out as much as they can. The targets are easy to hit as long as you put the effort in. The only downside to Amazon is the agencies that work with them. PMP and Transline are both terible. However if you are going to join one, go with PMP. ", " While this company has a lot of great opportunities for younger generations, the work life balance is lacking for senior leadership. Additionally, the accountability for managers is extremely low - they are allowed to get away with way too much without any consequences. On a good note, the rate at which this company is growing leaves a lot of room for one to really leave their mark on the organization if they choose. ", " This is a very good job when you are between jobs.  The pay is low and the hours are long.  The work is not hard but it is tedious ", " I would come in and sort various packages into their appropriate location, so that customers are able to receive the items they bought online. ", " While working at Amazon I was considered a \"picker\". Everyday was the same. You were on a timed schedule to go from point A to point B. Managers were about a half mile apart and were helpful when needed. The culture of the workplace was quick and dry. Everybody had a destination and therefore kept to themselves the entire 10hr shift. Working in complete silence. The hardest part of the job was also the most enjoyable for me. It was hard on the body, however the workout was most rewarding. ", " When I was first hired at Amazon, I didn't think that I would make it past the first two weeks. Well, not only did I make it past the first two weeks, I fell in love with the job. It was the \"holy trinity\" of jobs for me: good pay, good hours, and I was great at it.  I worked the night shift, which meant coming in four days a week, working 10-11 hr shifts, and then going home feeling exhausted and great. My shift on ship dock would involve either loading trucks by hand from a conveyor belt or scanning boxes before stacking them on pallets. And I honestly loved doing it. I was also really good at building strong pallets and box-walls (I blame a childhood of playing Tetris).  My only complaint is about human resources. When August came around (I was hired in June), I needed a schedule change that would better accommodate my school schedule. HR would not work with me due to company policy, and I had to leave the job. I would have gladly stayed on the job for years had they kept me. ", " I like the company but I don't like getting off at 4 in the morning, my diet has also been affected by the hours worked some days I wake up and go straight to work, and out breaks are very short so there's little to no time to eat ", " Enjoyable place to work, fast paced environment, excellent customer service, good team players, good support provided whenever needed ", " Various requirements presented to me each work day, worked on mechanical and electrical issues, as the facilities engineer I also worked on lighting, water systems backup generator and required inspection of bathrooms ", " Amazon for me was a fast paced job, not hard, and good daily work out. Usually i would just be at a desk with a conveor belt in front, and basically u pick wich item u wanted to pack, complete the packing process and make sure its in the system and let the belt take it. There was also a rate you had to have by the end of the day, as long as u keep moving and have a technique then rate wasn't a problem. Hardest part of the job would be getting a big order to pack that was heavy or didnt fit in the box ect. Could have used a management change though. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " We worked 10-12hour shifts. Where I worked you had to walk around and stock the shelves with items that would later on be picked up by the pickers and packed for shipment. ", " The location in moonachie and perhaps in the metropolitan area over works their employees , they make workers  \" call in\" for their lunch breaks but in reality they can not take their lunch breaks due to the over whelming schedule on making sure all packages are delivered ASAP! So many just hustle through it without being able to have lunch. Management or supervisors do not treat their workers good either. A lot of screaming and a very stressed environment. They have a very big turn around due to many quitting due to What they put you through. If you go fir a job here trust me you will be hired because Many always  quit. And at only 16 dollars an hour it's laughable all you have to go through for such low pay. No benefits. Nothing. The people who stay long there have an eye out for better paying jobs but hustle through until they can get one. Your body goes through a lot of hurt and pain- if it snows - they make you go out there with no safe vans most of the times guys get into accidents due to the terrible conditions. It's horrible. Amazon pays these companies money to hire people but yet don't want to give benefits it's really sad how they over work their workers. For such little pay. They want robots for workers. I suggest better pay , better management , more organization if you want to keep good workers! ", " A normal day at my workplace was about have fun but getting on with the job there was a lot of ups in the work place everyone got on very well in the workplace ", " I was hired to work what's called \"Peak Season\" at Amazon, meaning the Holiday season. It was a fascinating place to work at and see how a retailer I've done business with operated. My shift was 4 hours, 5 days a week and I found they had a process for everything and was trained to scan incoming packages of all shapes and sizes so they'd move onto their next destination(s). Each day, a specific goal was set for packages to be processed. It was fast paced, obviously, but I rarely felt overwhelmed and at the end of a shift felt a sense of accomplishment, especially if we'd met our goal for the day earlier than expected. Management was easy-going and treated me well, they'd always update us on how many packages we'd processed. My only regret was not being kept on after Christmas, I would've been curious to see how things go after the Holiday rush ", " worked there for about 6 weeks for Christmas. enjoyed the work wasn't that bad just had issues with other things that is too much to go into on here. although not amazons fault more the company I worked under. ", " Lack of structure and organization.  Management dishes out demands and doesn't listen to those doing the work.  I have learned to multitask and work in different departments.  I have learned to work with people who have different agendas and attitudes.  The best part of my job is that I picked my schedule and i works to balance family and work life. ", " The job is in a warehouse, which means that the schedule is strict and your output has to be consistent with increasing speed and efficiency as time goes on. ", " Have a good day everyday learned alot management is pretty good the hardest part of the job is keeping rate but out of everything you meet alot of friendly faces ", " It was an ok place to work I went in got my job done with a smile on my face everyday and in turn I got paid nicely it was very laborous a lot of heavy lifting and very long hours ", " It was good working there , it had its benefits. Staff made you feel at home and if you had any concerns HR was sure to help you . Overall working there, co-workers were friendly ", " A good place to earn between Rs.15000 to Rs.20000. No burden. No tension. Work from home. Order arrives with payment. Only receive payment and ship accordingly. ", " While working at amazon they did not work arud my school schedule, however the pay was really good. It ws fast pasted but really easy duties. ", " Great money but work is over whelming when no change of scenery or position for hours at a time. Management was okay for the most part but at times only cared about work not the workers. ", " Today never looks like yesterday. That's the best way to describe this company. In such a fast paced and complex work environment thing are always on the move. Amazon manages always to keep you focused and challenged. ", " a typical work day consist of receiving bulk freight and finding space to stow things away for vendors. Picking customer orders and space consolidation. Problem sloving product to ensure customer quality. ", " Amazon is the best company to work for. It has a long work day and great pay. It has lots of benefits and rewards especially during peak times. HR is always available to listen to any questions and concerns. ", " Several groups different parts of the bldg. doing stretches and receiving different information. some got right information, others wrong. Moved around a lot. ", " I was a forklift driver for over a year. you would work 12 hour days and get 3 days off. It was a good decent job. The temp hire service they used was silly and probably used to keep people from getting benefits and claiming unemployment. I ended up getting converted from the temp service after about a year of working for them it was supposed to happen after about 6 months. I don't blame amazon for this because they probably didn't know this was happening at this location. I was really proficient at about everything I did there but they always needed forklift drivers. I wasn't really a fan of doing it but I did it anyways. I put in several request to be put in a different area none of them ever went through ", " You have to have the ability to work successfully in stressful situations. Working varying shifts including holidays, and weekends. Physically demanding and standing and /or walking for an least 8 hours. ", " I worked at Amazon\u2019s warehouse in Logan Township during the summer of 2016. During this time, I had many different jobs throughout the warehouse including wrapping, organizing packages, and unloading trucks "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I worked at amazon through a tempt service. I liked working for  amazon but you barely have a life working here.  You work long 10 hours and get only 2 breaks  which are 15 minutes and a lunch that's half an hour even though it takes you 5 minutes to get to the break rooms. They get upset if you leave 2 minutes before break which is ridiculous. The shift leaders and PA are not helpful sometimes at all some won't even bother to help. The PA are like high school students who talk bad about people. I had a PA tell people that I wasn't doing my job correctly because I went to go get water... Not only that there's a lot of older adults who need help but don't get the help they need because of stuck of people. The only thing that made me happy is the pay and wonderful people. ", " Amazon is a good company but they push you to the limit everysingle day and sometimes have unrealistic expectations but I am greatful for all the experience and having a stable job ", " Worst management. Constant worry if whether your job will exist in the morning. Unrealistic target system. Hung, drawn and quartered for talking to a colleague. The permanent workers get their targets exempted by sucking up to the team leads so they stand around and do nothing whilst the temps work their butt off. Wouldn't recommend to anyone to work here after the short and dreadful tenure I had there. 0/10. ", " It's a decent job to get started in the law enforcement career field, the management is a joke, the pay is low for what you have to do, you get treated like garbage from the employees you serve. ", " Do not work for amazon! I repeat, do not work for amazon. They are extremely unorganized! Many young people holding mangement positions, who are rude, and slick mouth. They do not care! No one knows what to do or what is going on! Fired even though I called repeatly to get my job back due to being on a leave of absence from getting hurt on the job. For this to be a high tech workplace, they did not take any time into human resources! -Currently filing a lawsuit! Work for them at your own risk! You have been worned!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ", " untrained, unprofessional (children in background constantly), very hard to contact when i needed help. Her answer was always \"I'm not sure\"....not honest with seasonal end date, led us on. ", " Its great company to work for. They have excellent benefits for each employee. They allow you to move up to other positions to improve yourself. They have programs out there help you excel in life. ", " The Management was no where to be found if you had any kind of serious questions. 10 hours a day standing in one spot wasn't the worst of it. It was the constant complaints from other employees about the job. When people came to help with the robots or conveyor they would act like you broke it when they constantly broke down. ", " Amazon is an enormous business. The hours are long and breaks are nearly non-existent. The physical toll on your body is extreme and you can never really find a manager. The training is poor and they would probably have a smaller turnover rate if the had better understanding of employee needs and what positions best suit people. I was nice to have immediate health care provided in every building, including free over the counter type meds that help you through your workday. I learned that I could push myself further, physically, than i ever have before at work. I also learned that that comes with a hefty price. ", " Working from home as a customer service agent was awesome. Although seasonal, you meet some great people. Management however are never on the same page. I was trained in all aspects of customer service from phone, chat, email and device. I was transferred to 4 different teams in less than 2 months.My skill sets were reduced to just phone. When I was sick I was not told that I could use a waiver for days off instead of sick time. This was told after the fact when I had a negative balance. ", " Amazon Fresh is new to the Atlanta Area and is still getting loose ends tightened but since opening day business has grown. We are an online grocery store, customers order their groceries online through the Amazon Fresh website and the associates pick and pack their groceries for delivery. That is the prime duty but when we have new freight in we do do stow or bin our freight, we also remove old and outdated items from the shelf to insure no customer receives spoiled or outdated groceries. ", " I only left this company due to them moving to reno. I have 3 kids and could not travel and work 12 hour shifts i would never see my kids. They are ok for the most part. Good pay but could be a little better. Hard work but i loved it. ", " For this position it is a great side job. You pick your own schedule based on the hours available which is great if you like to take vacations or have kids/school. At this location the communication between supervisors and associates needs work. There's more than one supervisor depending on the shift so one might tell you a specific thing, while the other may tell you something different. They aren't always on the same page with important information which can be frustrating. It overall is a fun place to work if you like order picking but can be a little hectic based on peak days. ", " IThe most enjoyable part of this job is that you get to do different functions depending on how hard you work and the willingness to get trained in different areas. ", " Good experience first hand for noobies. But long term goal isn't a good place in my opinion to stay. Work long hard hours and very hard to move up in position. ", " i went in at 7am and had coffee. then we had a team meeting by 7:10. we went over any issues that need to be addressed and came up with solutions while doing our morning stretches. right after we would go to the assignment board and see our job assignment. depending on your knowledge of the job functions we would be moved frequently from one job function to another. sometimes when there was an issue that was interfering with your work performance we would report the issue to the process guide and they would relay it to the area manager to get the issue resolved. the hardest part of the job was being flexible going from function to function but also the most enjoyable because some of the work can be tedious and get tiresome so going to a different job function allowed you to have a sense of new work and not get bored. ", " Fun to work there,but had issues with management and the processes that are not in place.Great benefits package and pay is good. ", " I absolutely loved the fact that they gave employees pep talks, and motivated us to always stay above on productivity. They were very hands on making sure everyone was working at a steady pace and that we take our breaks and lunches. In addition they had prizes for the hardest worker with the best percentage level of working pace for each department. ", " The job is disorganized. I hurt my ankle there and the made me come in the next day. They do not care about their workers. All of the supervisors are extremely rude. ", " i worked there for 3 months and i enjoyed working there the enviornment was very nice and employees were amazing to work with "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " highly stressful atmosphere. continuously on the go, but the compensation does not evenly compare to the amount of work and responsibility ", " The workplace was always nice everybody stayed productive. I have learned from this company that I need to stay on top of my work and be very attentive. ", " If you enjoy hard work and making money..I Love working for Amazon and yeah we get frustrated but what job doesn't..work is steady and leaders are nice and helpful. MDW6 is def a work in progress but changing and growing rapidly. Amazing coworkers too\ud83d\ude0a Feels like family\u2764 ", " Personally I love the easy work. You could never call it hard but the hours get to some people when they found out how long you really standup other than that it was basically easy work and money  Management was very horrible ,  they will not tell you that you have a write up. They'll wait till you have a second write up then tell you. At that point you cant do anything.   I found out that amazon will have to fire people just to recieve a bonus. ", " I really liked all of the training we got and the fact that it was very easy to reach out for help if need be.  It can feel very isolating working from home but Amazon did a lot to make everyone part of a team.  Their tools were the best I have ever seen.  The hardest thing is that your very job is based on the review that every customer is sent.  If you only get one returned that week and it is negative that is a ding on the CSR even if they have had 1000 great calls that week. Too many bad weeks or low responding weeks and you can be fired just for the customer reviews and that is a little hard to swallow.  They did frequent opportunities for cross training. ", " I had a fun time working here! The machinery was easy to learn and they had a great training program in place. The workplace culture was very welcoming. ", " The schedules are great. The work/life balance and culture is great. There is no communication with managers, HR, or other teams and departments. The pay is low and there is no room for growth. There is no motivation to stay with this company. ", " Fantastic work place with the most enthusiastic employees. Management team is constantly helping you to improve your work functions to be the most productive you can be! ", " if you were laid off after peak season, the holiday season, be happy. Amazon did you a favor because amazon laid off more than half of its workers during peak season so their are fewer workers now. Only 30 percent of workers compared to the amount of workers during peak season remain. So now their are few workers so the work load is heavier and the management keeps on rushing workers and checking scan rates and spying on workers. Some workers who used to work hard got laid off. Their are still plenty of workers that barely work who only pick up yellow envelopes all day instead of picking up packages. Yeah people keep on getting laid off as their are spies spying on most workers and snitching to management. But its not a workplace you want to work at because the workload is heavy even though its a part time job. Thought about applying for full time but after going thru the heavy work load of part time where management is rushing you, I decided not to. Also their are some honest friendly managers that will appreciate you for your work and their are some managers you want to avoid working or being around because they are their looking for the next person to lay off so if you happen to be doing something around them like taking a rest they may think you are not working and lay you off on the spot. Like I said not  good place to work and you should only work their temporary and try to find a better job. A lot of people were upset they were laid off, but they should be glad because the work their got worse and its place you'll hate working at. ", " An average day working at Amazon consists of repetitive actions depending on which department I was working in. My last function working at Amazon was in the packing department. I was able to do several different jobs throughout my shift which helped make the 10 hours go by fairly quickly. Upon keeping an above average rate in pack I was also called upon to have an indirect role which enabled me to move around and help replenish stations with certain inventory the employee would need to do their job correctly. Management would always come to me to do any job that needed to be done swiftly and efficiently. I think I was most proud of being able to help the other employees effectively carry out their job duties without any problems. I was and am always willing to help a fellow associate execute any job they might be having issues with. The end game is to make sure the customer receives their items on time and undamaged and in doing so the employees need to have the proper tools to carry this out. I would always go above and beyond for management and associates alike to make sure the operations ran smoothly. I had very good relationships with everyone in the warehouse, employees and managers in other departments all knew me by first name and were very respectful. ", " Must meet standards and they do require strong people to work. start you off with pay leave and non pay leave.. and lots of overtime. ", " good jobs just would like flexible hours, very customer service eccentric, workplace culture is diverse. Customer friendly and make sure customers get treated equally ", " Enjoyed the morning meetings and the requirement to \"warm up our muscles\" for the physical demands of the job. Certain culture at the job which required you to deal with all kinds of people.  Good experience for anyone, especially someone who is used to working in a law office or any other kind of office. ", " Amazon.com was a awesome place to work. However i was there for a long time and the big thing i noticed was Favoritism. You want to work your way up and get promoted you had to be a Favorite. They wanted to keep the hard working individuals in the racks not give them the necessary credit they deserved! ", " including benefits, great environment to work with, supervisors are easy to talk to and are always there to help. the most enjoying about working there is the people you work with its impossible to not get along with everyone. management is also great. ", " a typical day was mostly aggrovanting i learned there how to use the rf gun and different pit. some of the people that work there are nice to work with ", " Overall, the job was okay. Learning what to do was the easiest part. The job isn't hard at all. Management made the job difficult. Not only were they unorganized, but they had their favorites. HR was no help! Most of the time they were gone on lunch or roaming the building.   -Former FTW-1 Associate ", " Love the people great pay and great benefits and really good supervisors on work a lot of Friendly faces to work around not to many problems but i enjoyed working there. ", " it is a very busy productive workplace were there is alot of communication as well as alot of work there so you will not be standing waiting for work ", " Amazon at Christmas time is booming in the warehouse with light and Christmas decorations and fun incentives for all employees. It is a fun pace to work. "], [], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A particular day at work when I was chosen to be an ambassador which would have me to train the new employees . The management was awesome they was there to answer what ever questions you had also made things easy to under. ", " The managers at the  Amazon fulfillment center were often quite unprofessional at times but I'm glad I had the opportunity to work for such an awesome company. ", " A great place to get free PIT training. After a year of working there moving up is easy and encouraged. While moving up seems to be shoved down your throat it really is as simple as a year of work. Good management that is there to help you as well. ", " I love working for Amazon Flex! I wish it was easier to secure hours.  Business is growing so there should be more hours the more delivery grows. ", " We pick alot of orders and brought them to the shipping department and after that we loaded them on the right truck for where it was getting shipped to. ", " This is a very fast paced company. You work 10 hour days and 40 hours a week. During PEAK seasons you are working a minimum of 60 hours a week so no time for family. ", " Management was a joke unless you were young and willing to be friends you did not move up in this company. Managers will warn their picks when they are due to be drug tested to save them yet terminate the people who work hard and show up every day for rate issues, ", " Long hours, but the culture of the place is very nice. Management seems to respond better to buzzwords than job performance. ", " it is a nice place to start your working experience, teach you so many good things and you will learn to work with so many different people around the corner . ", " hard work puts you to the test friendly people and the job keeps you motivated so does the workers there they have high expectations for you. ", " They don't care if things are done correctly, only that things are done fast! There's merchandise being kicked around on the floor, things are just shoved haphazardly in places, and a lot of things get damaged. ", " Easy to grasp once given a little help. Navigation could use a little adjusting and it can be hard to find parking sometimes. Customers are happy to see you arrive. ", " Part time worker, heavy lifting, coworkers are lazy but they are the ones with a permanent position and doesn't have to work as hard as other coworkers ", " Amazing place to work in my opinion. Due to the volatile nature of the Industry, one slip can cost your career. I am very blessed to have had the experience, and I do see myself pursuing further opportunities with Amazon later in life. First, I must broaden and expand my experience ", " The atmosphere feels like High School like bullies are some of the  Leads then cool kids are a group of people who stand around and chat,chat and lastly management decides on where the wind blows meaning solving a situation depends on who knows who like some people are untouchable despite their unprofessional behavior.I will say Leads and management are the worse. ", " Learned How to work at a fast pace, the staff are friendly and approachable, the targets were impossible to hit but there were times where you can have a laugh with the staff. ", " Overall great experience  I enjoy it  Good pay The hardest part of the job was leaving at the end of the night i would of prefered to stay because its such an entertaining job ", " An excellent esprit de corps experience daily.  Excellent corporate attitude.  Good hiring and promoting practices except for the facility I was at.  My facility had a horrible HR department but corporate  policy was excellent.  Good benefits. ", " I like it but I don't see myself making Amazon a career choice for the future. The benefits are awesome,and I learned four different positions in the warehouse. I enjoy meeting our daily goals because it gave me a sense of accomplishment. The hardest part about the job was adjusting to the 12 hour shifts before Christmas. Management was easy to talk to for the most part, all of my managers were very social and comfortable to express my concerns to. ", " I didn't like working at Amazon , the pay was to low for the labor , they don't give you enough time to meet rate . You have 4 days of training that's it , they just expect you to know how to make rate , after only 4 days of training , they do lay offs way to much , but there website is fun to shop off of . "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A lot of physical work, a lot of management there don't care about the associate they don't speak when you pass by them meaning a lot of them are not friendly at all I don't see compassion at all. A lot of favoritism there. Only 2 managers I've found out that really cared that's what I experienced since I've been there more than 2 years now. some of Co-workers I have there are cool then there's some not friendly. ", " I enjoy working, Not only do I enjoy it, but like many people I have to work. At Amazon I learned a lot of things, especially about computers. My team leadership was very nice and compassionate for those of us that were not computer savvy. I enjoyed my co-workers at Amazon and made a lot of new friends. ", " Booming company with guaranteed full time hours and decent pay with great benefits for amazon employees but they work you like slaves with short breaks and 10 hour shifts. ", " Amazing place to work in my opinion. Due to the volatile nature of the Industry, one slip can cost your career. I am very blessed to have had the experience, and I do see myself pursuing further opportunities with Amazon later in life. First, I must broaden and expand my experience ", " Work consisted of lots of moving and lifting. Not much contact with management. 20-30 hours per normal week (different during peak). Some people work hard while others do not work. Decent pay for the work that is asked to do. ", " This was a good paying job, and I had the opportunity to lead great teams! I think it takes a certain type of person to thrive in this company; and the ability to be patient in the world's most customer centric company. ", " Very unorganized breaks are to short by the time you get to the first of the building your break is finished breaks go by scan to scan. your being timed constantly. Management is misleading and they play favoritism. I had to asking over and over to be trained in the OP. ", " Working in a fulfillment center is a demanding job. The shifts are 10 hours with minimal breaks. Amazon is a great company especially if you're in the right position. Find the right position! ", " Hardest job I have ever seen worked at! Constantly on the go go go. You had to be constantly on task you can't be off for any reason! I loved the people and the work was very hard and exhausting and crazy hours but I loved it! ", " like to be in  a work evoriement and love working  group and working as a team and have a dress down on same and the manager bring you water to your station and supply if you run out ", " Steady day at work, I've learned how to receive and stow products, the management is great there, I have the best co-workers I could ever ask for, the hardest part of the job is really nothing, enjoyable part of my job is getting off... ", " I enjoyed my employment with Amazon. The team I worked for was fun and upbeat. As a work at home agent, they encourage you to use your break and lunch time to get outside and be active. ", " This is a great place to work unless you have an injury. They have so many different types of paperwork for you to keep filling out, taking papers to the doctor to be filled out. Some doctors charge a fee to fill out the paper work. Then being out you cannot keep paying out to get the work filled out you will eventually start to look for another job. ", " Amazon was focused on customer obsession. Procedures and policies were still in development and ever changing. Hardest part of the job was that a large percentage of the management staff had never supervised people or managed any business, but also led to challenging ideas which was good. Exciting to be on the Wild West frontier and be successful. ", " connecting onto VPN from home computer. assisting customer with amazon orders and contacting 3rd party sellers.This job really teaches patients and learn how to handle all different age groups and varieties of personalities. ", " It's a very fun and interesting place to work. People are so friendly and share knowledge about how to keep the work environment safe and fun everyday. That's why it's so exciting to wake up in the morning get ready to go to work. ", " Today never looks like yesterday. That's the best way to describe this company. In such a fast paced and complex work environment thing are always on the move. Amazon manages always to keep you focused and challenged. ", " I loved working for this company there is much room for advancement opportunity there are schooling options after being employed with the company for a year or more and many rewarding prizes given out daily to top performers. ", " They put you under a lot of pressure to make a certain rate and if you don't make that rate they will write you up. If you have three write ups and you don't make rate the entire next week they will proceed with a termination. If you choose to work there stay on top of your manager about your quality and productivity rates so that you can perfect your rates. ", " Although it was a contract position I enjoyed working for Amazon.  Doppler Building has a lot of amenities for employees to grab a snack or to take a much needed break.  If you are a hard worker then you will enjoy working at Amazon. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Wonderful place to work. They value their employees and treat each and everyone with respect. They reward us for our hard work. The only thing that is terrible here is the job is super repetitive so it gets boring quick. Long hours but super easy work. ", " Good job to work at . Good pay . Have too work 12 or less . Easy job . Have to stay on your feet . Friendly place . Helpful employers. Time management. ", " I have been with Amazon for over a year and a half and would recommend working there to my  friends and family.  It has been a pleasure working with my team ", " Amazon is known for great benefits and perks but they demand overtime quite often and those perks (40hrs paid overtime, 10 hrs unpaid) have to be used if you can't work their very often mandatory OT. ", " Very long hours, benefits on day one but takes months to use them, unforgiving absences. The supervisors arnt helpful on site, I learned more from the people working next to me who did the jobs of there superiors. ", " Never a dull moment   Quick-paced from the start of the day to the end   Didn't have much contact with management do not much I can say about working with them ", " I enjoy working at Amazon but they are frequently demanding and management can at times be unprofessional. I enjoy what I do at work, I'm usually a packer with a rate between 230 units per hour and 270 per hour which is above the goal of 230. I also enjoy my fellow coworkers they often make my day enjoyable. ", " Amazon was an okay job. The pay was great and overtime pay was worth it. However, the managers were new and had very little experience. The job is easy, but demanding as well. You can get spoken to for the littlest of things. ", " Overall, it's a pretty good place to work. But, the hardest part about the job in my opinion is standing for the majority of the shift. Very Tiresome. ", " Loading and unloading of product.  Stocking product.  Quality control checks.  Consolidating product. Extremely fast paced. ", " I worked with a team of 18 guys. I worked in the middle west area. We traveled a lot. Worked on the railroad fixing the track and cleaning it as well. ", " I would recomend this job or anyone who loves fast paced and enjoys warehouse. The hardest part about the job is having to keep up with a rate. Wether there is little work or a lot. The managment is outstanding. The hardest part about the job is having to lift heavy shipments 10 hours a day. ", " I was able to work from home for Amazon and I did enjoy the work and the customers, reasons for leaving are between Amazon and I.  However, I highly recommend Amazon customer service for individuals who truly enjoy helping others, are able to have open communication with team members and their managers.  Individuals will want to have the need to learn and implement Amazon policies with respect and empathy towards their customers. ", " An exceptionally fast paced and ever changing business. No day is the same. There is a lot of issues surrounding bureaucracy, but if you can get over amazon's \"peculiar ways\" it is a great place to be. ", " This company has excellent health benefits, stock options, paid vacation and personal days.  The work is not complicated but it is physical work. The associates are friendly and helpful. The management team is great. This company wants its associates to succeed. Whether it is on the job or in your personal life. There is a tuition reimbursement program to give you the opportunity to get the education you want for a new career. There is opportunity to advance within the company as well. ", " Good benefits, no job security. Decent work life balance. How much more of a review could you possibly need and how does this help me GTE a different job? ", " Productive and fun work place. i would clock in at 7 am do morning exercises, then i would pull card board all day on a pallet jack... with a weight of approximately 200 and 400. I learned a lot of safety respect n how to b on time. the hardest was the pulling n lifting, and going from one side to the other while pulling. and the most enjoyable was on Xmas  when they did raffles distance competitions, and dinners. ", " To many people wants to be in charge. No one really wanted to work they just want the paycheck .Management there were horrible. They don't have a direct number for the job site to get in contact with onsite mangers . ", " Job was easy enough if you can learn/adapt quickly. I would still be driving for Amazon Flex if shifts weren't impossible to get. ", " I was very happy working there. Was nice people working there, managment was also nice without any problems. Wish to came back someday, if of course willl the chance that. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The project work assigned to me involved heavy application of algorithms and data structures, something I am really passionate about. My team was extremely helpful in ramping me up with the initial environment set up which can really be complex in a company like Amazon which has humungous dimensions of platforms and dependencies and can be overwhelming for a new employee. ", " worked there for about 6 weeks for Christmas. enjoyed the work wasn't that bad just had issues with other things that is too much to go into on here. although not amazons fault more the company I worked under. ", " It was good working there , it had its benefits. Staff made you feel at home and if you had any concerns HR was sure to help you . Overall working there, co-workers were friendly ", " Dive deep the potential problem sources for reverse logistic network from customer to logistic parters to processing facilities is like a doctor detecting the source of virus and improving the efficiency of the whole process to reduce the operation cost in fixed and variable cost. ", " If you are a machine this is the perfect job. 10 hour shifts are very demanding .Short term breaks and lunch are too short . This job is made for single and young people. You will need to be in top health condition to work here your body will be tested. ", " its an awesome place to work with lots of bnefits people are very helpful and nice i love the game systems in the break rooms and the supervisors are always taking care of their staff ", " This was a good place to work. work compensation for dock workers should be more then what is paid for the work they have you do.(we were over worked and paid the same as a packer) turn over for dock was very high. some of the managers didn't have good people skills. ", " A typical day is a 10 hour shift where management is expected to arrive 1 hour early and leave 1 hour late - in order to prepare for the day and then report on the days results to upper management I have learned a lot working for Amazon, i have developed my leadership skills tremendously. I have gained experience in developing a team, in performance managing hundreds of direct reports. I have gained knowledge in lean methodologies and performed a multitude of process improvement initiatives.  You have to be a certain type of person to succeed in this role. It is most definitely not a 9-5 type of job. The hours are long and the expectations are high. The payoff is good when you have the right team and are in a department where you can flourish. ", " It's a good place to work with a flexible schedule and good pay  A day there is filled with getting the  customer order out one time   I learned to move at a quick pace   Management is very easy and understanding    The hardest part is building a good stable pallet ", " Compensation is lacking and is sad due to the revenue made by this company.  Most positions are seasonal or temporary with a possibility of being hired as a permanent full-time employee with no guarantee after 6 months of work.  A company this size should know within 3 months if an employee would be a fit or not a fit.  Spends a lot of money recovering issues with shipments instead of resolving the direct issue of allowing customers the ability to choose what shipper they want to use.  This company got the shipping formulas wrong...if a customer is willing to pay for whatever shipper they want to use this company should not tell the customer they know better than the customer.  Adding a fleet of trucks will not resolve this issue. ", " Lovely bunch of people from all different backgrounds. The company put you through your licences for example FLT PUP Reach and LLOP, unfortunately they are all in-house licensed. ", " If they don't like you, they set you up for failure.  Management helps whom ever they please.  It is stressful to think you are going to be written up. ", " Very long hours, benefits on day one but takes months to use them, unforgiving absences. The supervisors arnt helpful on site, I learned more from the people working next to me who did the jobs of there superiors. ", " Very diverse and fun people. The work is very physical and hard labor. Management is good to you if you show that you are a hard worker. ", " The management team at Amazon Fulfillment will fabricate to you about helping you to advance within the company. The job is tiring 10 hours a day on our feet with only 30 minute lunch. ", " I enjoyed my job and always learned something new or how to do something better. It built on my people skills and has many avenues for advancement. Definitely a job that can make you think outside the box, and it is what you make it; it can be a job or a career. ", " Fantastic work place with the most enthusiastic employees. Management team is constantly helping you to improve your work functions to be the most productive you can be! ", " I have learned a lot from my coworkers, The work force is awesome and you can learn a lot from all of the various workers that are there. The job it self is easy but the lack of mental stimulation makes it harder. ", " it was great to meet our deadline and have good team work. you can learn alot of different things about shipments etc.i enjoyed staying very busy at all times..there are only a few jobs that are hard and tiring..but the rest is great. ", " It took a little while to get used to, as this was the first job I've had in a warehouse. But I love fitness &amp; exercise, &amp; working here was basically like being at the gym! Good way to stay in shape. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Can be a demanding work environment depending on the department, but there are lots of opportunities for learning. They are also really great about internal transfers which can be helpful when you want a change. ", " If your looking for a job that isn't very bodily tasking then this is the job you're looking for. It is not a bad place to work at but, when I think of work I think of being worked and moving around. Not staying in a 5 foot radius for 10 hours. ", " It's a really nice place to work. There's allot of great friendly people and the management is always there to help and listen when needed.  You can have the opportunity to learn new things. ", " Its a good work place but depends on what one wants. The supervisor are just always watching employees like they don't already know what they are supposed to be doing anways. ", " Pay is good, management is nice, but the long hours and standing on your feet the entire time is awful. Overall pretty good job ", "  \tRF Scanning / USB Scanning  \tFinding stock and merchandise in the warehouse  \tRoutinely cleaning work area and all warehouse areas  \tBuilding Pallets Win gifts and prizes Win days off ", " love the job. benefits are great. advancement opportunities. always learning new things. to many people trying to lead when they don't have the qualifications. ", " Great work place job can be very flexible with all employees.  The diversity is amazing within the amazon community as well as outside. ", " Amazon have no clue how to treat employees. They expect you to work like robots and accept being treated like dirt.  I was fired over the weekend but was not told on the phone or email so had to sit in the furfilment center for an hour to be told to leave (i had no way if getting home either).  Travel was \u00a310 a day  Training was rushed and unclear Staff treat employees like dirt and act as if they are above you  Breaks are rushed   Overall. Sham of a company. Really needs to step up if it still wants to hire people ", " The work is easy, just get your job done and you will bew fine. Moving up probably isn't going to happen unless you have a degree of any kind (BA, BS). ", " I have worked there a little over  about three four months now I love it but the hours are really long our department had peak plus the Christmas peak do that means we were working 11 hours shifts a day which was great money but I need time to spend with my children ", " the supervisor at the location in commerce was horrible and never their, and would people sign him in when he wasnt going to show. ", " Overall it is a good company, there are just a few things they could change in the work place. I like to be able to interact with people through out the day instead of it just being me a computer and product stuck in my head. ", " Indeed a hard place to work. Its a very physically demanding job. If you get over the exhaustion of the job, noise and dirt in your first week you'll do fine overall. Its a very welcoming place, no mater where you're from you'll fit in just right. ", " Very respectful place easy work just hot and tiring but very fun. Always have liquids around you. Stock to your work station. That's really it. ", " The fastest paced warehouse I've ever worked in, and you make no more or less for production speed (Picker/Selector). Pay wasn't the best, but you also weren't lifting large products. Fun, full of culture, but tough hours at the specific location and position I filled. Job security was great and my wife received a promotion a week after being there! (we both worked at the same time). ", " The management constantly changed leaving little to no guidance for the employees. The opportunity to move up in the company was based more on who you knew as opposed to the work that was produced. ", " easy going. great benifits. fast paced but easy to learn. the work is not hard either. the managers accept everyone. its a clean enviroment everyone who works there is a great friend. ", " I worked from home. but was very easy to get hours to work as you had to fight for the hours with other workers.I was not going anywhere in the company but the pay was good and the help was always there for you when you needed help. ", " Amazon at the airport is paid prison. Its literally the worst place i have ever worked. Getting there is long and far. Leaving is even worst. Break times are a joke, Lunch is even worst. The food is dreadful and the microwave situation is AWFUL. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " amazon is an excellent place to work very clean fast pace and respectful staff. My only concern is the work we never really had much work to do some people like it some don't 10 and a half hours is a long time to just try and stay busy but when there is work the time go by fast. ", " There is never a dull moment here, especially if it is a busy day. The management pays attention to the employees and their needs. Due to the nature of the work, employees are always on their feet. ", " A typical day at work is scanning items into containers and scanning them onto shelves. Lifting heavy box's that can weight up to 45 pounds and meeting your requirements for goal ", " The management definitely plays a lot of favoritism. Most days you do not get a route even if you just started and they know it will take you a while to get the hang of everything ", " I really enjoy working with Amazon. I am seeking employment elsewhere only for an opportunity to receive more competitive wages. The company is very professional and there are plenty of chances to work overtime. ", " Culture is very fast paced.  Must be willing to be very flexible and adaptable.  Upward advancement is possible but slow.  The most difficult part of the job are the long hours you may be required to work and a moment's notice. ", " $12.25/ hr. sounds good until you realize you are only working 18+ hours/ week. So if you are retired, or a young buck just starting out in the workforce, then this job is perfect for you. If you have mortgage payments , car payments, utility payments, children to support, you won't make enough to live on. NO advancement, NO acknowledgement you are doing a good job, NO healthcare. Plenty of favoritism. And don't think getting an Ambassador vest means you are special, it just means you have to put up with all the bull**** without an increase in pay or hours. Teaching safety school, which used to be a leader job, is now an Ambassador job. More responsibilities with no extra pay. Leadership was more worried about where they were going to order their next lunch from than employee concerns. There were and are good people there, but they soon become discouraged and leave. ", " Peak season is kinda crazy. But after peak work is pretty usual and steady. Overtime is also great during peak. They also have a pretty high turn over rate. ", " Its a nice place to work the company just get bought alot threw different companies ,and have to be able to keep up with other and meet your Numbers all the time ", " I was working at Amazon in stow department and i find it easy in fun it was at Christmas time and now im trying to find any job if it available if it is available thanx. ", " Its a good job for the future lot of success good pay good benfits u could also move up position and the workplace is awesome and its always help when u need it ", " The benefits that Amazon provides are excellent. However, their set hours are very long and not suitable for any kind of living outside of having a job. ", " Need improvement in management and rewarding but overall good experience Hardest part is work/life balance, as early shift can be at 6am and latest shift can end at 9.45pm ", " Good place to work with opportunities to learn and work in n different departments. Strong safety matters onsite amcare ", " For some reason, people really like to talk bad about this place.  It's really not horrible, just kind of monotonous.  I heard horror stories about how sore I would be, but the claims seem to be largely false.  Benefits have to be the high point of this job.  Be careful though, it's not difficult to get fired. ", " Amazon was a tough job but the pay was very good and there where a diverse group of people to get to know they also had a great set of people there to teach you if you needed help with something ", " Great pay, but very strict. The commute was farther than I had anticipated and with only one vehicle with my wife and I, it was ultimately why I left Amazon. ", " Many positions throughout warehouse and the freedom to choose where you want to be productive  You are encouraged to take initiative and lead when necessary to ensure functionality throughout the warehouse ", " The supervisors were professional people, and generally speaking you wouldn't run into trouble with them unless you were slacking off. The atmosphere was quite lively, since you were working in close proximity to a number of people.  Still, I don't think that it's the type of place that you can grow in. It was more 'status quo.' So, for folks like me who are lacking in experience, it was a good job (though mine was temporary). Though for those go-getters seeking to advance their careers, it's best to look elsewhere. ", " I clock in for work go to our daily stand up meeting, to discuss what is happening at the job and what goals we have met that day. Then I look for myself on the board to see what my job for the first half of the shift consists of and then I go and do my daily work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I really liked it there, by myself most of the day. alot of the managers and most employees turned out to be helpful when I needed them. Management was great tending to any questions I had or explaining easier ways to get my work done. Pretty fast paced and you dont really have to see anyone except on break or when your passing someone to get your order ", " Amazon is great to its customers but not its employees. Stay away.. Its very hard to move up in the company. They have a very turn over rate. ", " Amazon demands that you worship it as your God. If you enjoy anything close to the idea of free time forget working here. As you will easily give 15 hours of your day to Amazon. Hardly any training for your incredibly face paced work, a \"Safety\" team that I've seen cause more injures due to poor medical care, and a slew of nigh illegal business practices make Amazon less than the ideal workplace. ", " As a picker I had to walk several miles a day but I did not mind it. Managers are very nice people and I dont find those horror stories you can read online apt, the job is not so bad, really. ", " If you don't want to have a life outside of work this is the place for you! If your single or looking for any job possible apply there. it truly sucks. ", " I loved working there and plan on going back. I loved everything about this company a good company to work for if you know what you want out of a job.. ", " Multicultural environment, managers are friendly and cooperative. Working place clean and healthy. Timing too long but still good place to work, big name in market ", " A lot of lifting heavy products....strict on meeting rate on a daily..great people to work with...long hours but u have 3 days off...I was trained in several different departments so you didn't have to do the same thing every day ", " Company has high expectations. Give it your all and this company will take care of you. 4 10 hour days, 3 days off. Not too many companies go out of there way for you. Thank you Amazon ", " Lovely bunch of people from all different backgrounds. The company put you through your licences for example FLT PUP Reach and LLOP, unfortunately they are all in-house licensed. ", " Amazon is a place where you can come in and get out at a reasonable time. The work is not to complicated but you will be on your feet for the majority of the time. The hardest part about working at Amazon is keeping a high scan rate. The most enjoyable part about working at Amazon is at break time they may have snacks and treats. Also they have a system where they may give away electronic items and gift cards. ", " Working at Amazon was honestly a great experience, but management could really use some improvement. The way they treated us reminded me of being back in high school. We are suppose to be getting a 15 minute break, but management allows us a 10 minute break. which includes a 2.5 minute walk back to the front and then back to were you working at, so that adds up to the 15 minutes. With my experience with management, they often treated the associates with no respect and it was almost like they thought we were stupid. They would often lie to us about how much volume we had to do that day, knowing that we could've left early instead of staying later. ", " Amazon is great place to learn about fast pace, focused logistics and customer orders. It's a great place to work with good benefits and hard workers! ", " I spent 3 years at amazon. At first I loved it. I was proud to work there and loved the job. As time went on, things went down hill. I trained 3 of my managers straight out of college who had no idea how to run a department. As a former manager myself, I tried to help these new managers out as best I could, but each one wanted to fix what wasn't broken and reinvent the wheel. Overall the environment went sour and a lot of good people left. I'm sad because I really did love working there and was sorry to see things change and not for the better. ", " I worked at nights, the management was ok they worked with you hands on. the work place is very big and loud. the hardest part is pushing the cart full of items. the enjoyable part of the job was payday. ", " Working as a team to complete our cleaning goals on a day to day bases. Things I learned proper way to clean warehouses and apartments in a safe timely manner. Management was good and understanding. The hardest thing was just making sure everything was done correct and in a timely manner so we could go on to complete are next building. I enjoyed the group I worked with hard working and happy to be around. ", " Amazon is a great place to work. It's nothing like having a job with good pay and great benefits. The environment is pretty nice. The company is set up to help you grown, and become more well rounded in all areas . There is no question that management cant answer somebody knows the answer to every question. The hardest part f my job is standing up all day. I've worked in a warehouse before , but its something I have to get use to. The most favorite part i enjoy are the breaks. I literally be counting down time until i can have a seat for a few minutes. ", " putting the customers orders in envelopes or boxes for them too be put down a line towards shipment zone , then from there it gets scanned and put on which ever pallet the scanner has told you too and then it gets wrapped and taken away , both of which ive experienced. ", " Love the staff and employees. I didn't like the long 10-12 hr shifts. It was REALLY HOT in the aisles.  Great Pay and benefits!!! I would do it again. ", " My typical day at work was very fun and very self competitive. The most enjoyable part of working with amazon, is working with really nice and funny co-worker. Also knowing your co workers and management are always there to help you in anyway. I would have to say that, the only hard part in working with amazon, is trying to get a parking. Other than that, I enjoyed every day I clocked into work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " was a cool job but it got boring fast. You were a robot for 10-12 hours a day which got old quick. Money was good since you work a lot. PTO and UPT were a plus. ", " Warehouse associates are over-worked and under-paid! Corporate office is apathetic about our needs!  Unable to get help from our local HR team. ", " Customer service representatives handle customer complaints, process orders, and provide information about an organization\u2019s products and services. ", " I work overnight at a warehouse, handling boxes, management seem to be very helpful . I enjoy interacting with my coworkers. the job is not difficult at all . ", " Amazon wasn't the worst place to work, but it definitely wasn't the best. It is a very fast paced job that keeps you going on your feet the entire shift, but it can also be pretty unorganized. The hours were never promised. One week we could work a full 40 hours, and the next, they are sending employees home left and right. Supervisors only treated employees like numbers, and didn't show much respect. The employees that I had the pleasure of working with were amazing people, and I made lots of friends. It really gave me the opportunity to break out of my shell and become more social and learn to better work with people. ", " Amazon warehouse was a great experience. Learned many things. I liked working in a team. I learned how to read and use a scanner. Learned how to be more organized. I learned how to be more careful at work, and how following the rules can help you from getting hurt. I met new people and had a great time knowing some of my coworkers. ", " I would go in and start my shift by prepping my area and then attending the shift stand down in an effort to see what was planned for the day.I would then get my scanners and other equipment and head to my assigned areas. Once there I would work or train associates if needed as well as train new managers.I learned on the job how to enhance work process paths in order to make work more efficient. ", " Amazon has a lot of great incentives and good benefits but that can all be affected by management. I really liked working here but the managers spoiled the job for me. They were very unprofessional so thats what affected my position there. ", " Fun company that we started. Allows us to participate in consulting manufacturers and sellers on finding success within the e-commerce world. We help manage seller accounts and grow online presence. Exciting job ", " I had problems with this job but enjoyed working here.  People did talk about me and tell on me but for good things that I did and created rumors.  I'm looking for another job that's convenient and pays a little more. ", " Treat the staff like rubbish , would never recommend any one work there if your disable or disabilities ,. Won't let you take more than a week holiday ", " Typical warehouse job. It is a normal warehouse job that you have to stand, bend, and lift items all day. Not bad of a job. It is just something to get you by and it is easy to move up on the job. ", " I really liked working here because I was constantly going, and I always had something to do. I was never ever bored and never not had something to do ", " It's great if you absolutely hate leaving the house and enjoy working from home. I wouldn't recommend to college students. Unless you work part-time, they aren't very flexible about scheduling. ", " When they allowed us to work from home it was the greatest opportunity I have ever gotten. I was salary based but I loved my job so much I didn't mind working 70 hours per week from home. ", " it suck, the pay is ok but the hours are long and they dont care about you . they want you to act like a robot and if you dont do what they say then its the boot for you. ", " it used to be a very  busy environment but you get used to it and the staff was very friendly. the supervisors were very helpful. i enjoyed working there. ", " It is a Fast pace work place. Great place to work BUT no room for growth. Management is hard to work with. The hardest part of the job is no support from the management. ", " Typical day at this work is like in prison, grab a scanner and you have to run to your workplace after the briefing. Then you have to work as fast as you can or even faster for 10 hours a day. In the same time your quality must be perfect constantly. If not they will put a lot of pressure on you because they are controlling your every minute of work, (even if you are going to the toilet you have to explain yourself many times.) I've learned that I am just a slave and I have to work like crazy even if I am not able to do this and I can not talk with anyone even for 30 seconds. ", " This is a company that puts you first. They are concerned about safety on the job and getting the product to the customer. They train you to believe that you are the one receiving the product that you are shipping. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " You are seen as a number of productivity, and not a person. I managed to become a Process Assistant(aka Assistant Area Manager). It was a constant struggle to get management to understand that if you weren't salary paid, that hours really matter. People were constantly sent home early in the name of productivity. People would often lose out on hours as a result of that.  I can say, if you were able to get ahold of a Process Assistant position, that you were really likely to become an Area Manager. However if a PA position was filled, there was little room for advancement. I enjoyed the people I supervised. They understood that I was sticking up for them, and they appreciated me trying to take the time to listen to their concerns. It was high school drama with management. ", " Current employment in Lexington KY. says it all. I can only agree completely! They will hire anyone and it really shows! Management is only out for themselves , no guidance whatsoever!! ", " Long hours, small pay, and body aches. That pretty much sums it up. I learned that I am not cut out for this type of work. I am use to working in an office setting not a warehouse setting. The hardest part of the job was being on my feet for 10 - 11 hours a night for 4 - 5 nights a week.  For me, there really was not enjoyable part.  I did enjoy making a check but it was not worth the wear and tear on my body.  I am still paying for it.  My left knee and ankle will probably never be the same. ", " Understood all aspects of production. Received products using Radio Frequency scanners. Adhered to strict quality and production standards. Troubleshoot problems to resolution. Picked customer orders on all levels of a multi-level mezzanine. Pushed a small library cart that contains products (books, dvds, cds, etc.) to a designated area in order to stow or store the items that will later be picked by another associate to be shipped out.  Scanned the items and place the items on the designated shelves and when the current cart is emptied I repeated this process with another cart containing new items. ", " Be prepared to be on your feet 10 hours a day  if you work hard , show up to work, and don't go negative UPT or don't get written up,your sure to move up in management.   management can be good or bad depends on the person   co-workers are usually nice some workers are good some are lazy.  the hardest part is just having to be on your feet and probably keeping up with production.  the most enjoyable is the perks they have bbq's, panics, chances to win Seahawk tickets ,etc.. ", " fast environment I learned how to handle multiple problems with multiple at the same time. my manager was rude most of the time but she got the job done. my coworkers were awesome and extremely friendly. nothing about the job was hard. and I didn't really enjoy it either because the leaders only cared about the job and nothing else ", " Amazon offers decent benefits but low pay.They promise advancement but do not truly guide you to it and most do not make it to management. They hire a lot of fresh out of college managers with little or no leadership training. It is not hard work but it is very demanding. It is a good place to work if you need the experience. ", " Working at Amazon is a feat many young adults will undergo in this day and age, largely due to the fact that Amazon has been applauded for enormous hourly wages and create company benefits. With this in mind, however, at least in my experience, those applicants will quickly realize they're being sucked dry for those benefits, as they are put through vigorous physical activity and little comfort. The warehouse is split up into several different portions, and in my case, I was handling Inbound Packages, which meant I unloaded several boxes off of trucks, usually by myself, and unwrapped them, and prepped them for the line. Amazon prides itself with a rule of not lifting more than 50 lbs without help, but in my warehouse, this rule was largely ignored, and we were expected to lift any package, regardless of weight. The Front Line Supervisors varied in quality, with some offering help when necessary, where others were negligent and for the most part only sat at their computer all day. Coworkers also varied, with morale dropping significantly as the ten hour workday progressed. The most difficult aspect of the job was having to maintain a high amount of energy and productivity in an environment actively challenging that. by way of the strenuous physical labor or the fact that the warehouse was cold and dusty without any sunlight. There genuinely was not anything I enjoyed about the job, and only stayed as long as I did for the wage, ultimately quitting due to a neck injury received from the job. I would not recommend working for Amazon Fulfillment unless it is absolutely necessary. ", " Typical day at work included packing and sorting items to be delivered to customers  Learned how Amazon handles large quantities of orders via Internet  Management was hands off mostly because of the large number of employees and large work area (warehouse)  Culture was mostly routine once you got your daily assignment  Hardest part of job was fighting fatigue as breaks were very short  Job paid weekly. ", " A typical day at amazon begins  mins before your scheduled shift, you will be assigned to a post and carry out the duties of that post until the end of the shift, the dismissal time is scheduled for four hours after your clock in time but can extend up to an hour later depending on volume or production. Management is fairly good although sometimes they do not seem to be in sync with one another.  My coworkers are the most friendly and helpful people i know, i love them,  The hardest part of the job is sometimes keeping up with the demands of management and the high pace environment.  The most enjoyable part of the job is the job itself.  Amazon is a fun and easy place to work. ", " A typical day at work was very busy and I enjoyed the pace. I learned a lot about distribution. I also learned a lot about inventory control and quality assurance. My management team was a great team to work with. I enjoyed working with my coworkers. I met a lot of great people. I also trained employees coming in the facility. The hardest part was probably the long hours. I enjoyed the people. I also enjoyed training new employees. I enjoyed the challenge every day I came in the facility. ", " it is a very busy productive workplace were there is alot of communication as well as alot of work there so you will not be standing waiting for work ", " I worked for amazon fulfillment as a seasonal worker who helped during the Christmas season, i enjoyed their fast paced work environment. many benefits available ", " It is very hard to work and It alot of pressure.  Too short 20 min break , But great pay and great Benefits.  There isn't  much to enjoyable at work it always working  . ", " I have been working for Amazon for a year and two months now. I can say that the managers are very inconsistent and unorganized. Each shift is different and is a constant change. Managers don't usually stay long. You will encounter managers with degrees that don't relate to their job requirements. Beware of the fake smiles and positive speeches. If you work in stoughton, beware of the following names. Iris Spik,Steve Smith, and also Stew. Don't get comfortable and stay here as long as I did. This sort center has no communication with their employees what's so ever.Also, no advancement to move up. The site manager Bill said, \"this is just a part time job and don't expect to move up\". My time as come to an end. Good luck future Amazonians. ", " A very technically minded organization with a view to proactively engage with new prospects.  One is offered the opportunity to grow and develop whilst learning new things. For example, I went into the role as a salesperson but have since developed my sales operation skills. Co-workers are very nice and approachable. Management ethos is one of \"don't bring me a problem unless you have a solution too\" - I like this because it does make you think outside the box. The hardest part of the job is building a successful sales process but that is in fact the most fun thing about working here as I am making a positive impact. ", " This job is scanning,  sorting,  and moving packages.  It's not skilled work and it's a giant concrete and steel warehouse.  It's not a professional environment or workforce.  But,  the management tries very hard to make this job fun and as pleasant as it can be. They pay above average for this level of work and recognize good employees even though there may be hundreds of people working a shift. There are a variety of jobs you can do to break daily monotony. There is favoritism and people try to score points by kissing up but that's not entirely the fault of management. If you go in to this job with realistic expectations is not a bad place to work. ", " The Amazon Fulfillment Center was a decent place to work at.  I had to either gather orders all day, sort boxes of incoming orders or load trucks for outgoing orders. The management was decent, but more direction would have been better. While at work, everyone was extremely busy all day long, and the only time we associated with each other was on our lunch break. The hardest part of the job was picking merchandise while there were some many trucks on the floor who were doing the same. It made completing orders take a longer time. The only enjoyable part of the job was having a full time job. ", " Amazon have no clue how to treat employees. They expect you to work like robots and accept being treated like dirt.  I was fired over the weekend but was not told on the phone or email so had to sit in the furfilment center for an hour to be told to leave (i had no way if getting home either).  Travel was \u00a310 a day  Training was rushed and unclear Staff treat employees like dirt and act as if they are above you  Breaks are rushed   Overall. Sham of a company. Really needs to step up if it still wants to hire people ", " This was the worse job i ever had...Management was terrible respect was the last in their list..Open door policy..BS..mandatory OT..for no reason at all..and ince they got you there..They would VTO you..not to mention they were so unorganized there were times when i would go in and they wouldnt have anywhere for me to work..it would be kik 20 -30 ppl that wasnt places..and as far as moving up...ha! Never u had to be a favorite or special..they would pass up a great candidate just to give a position to there friend..i would say the Only good thing was the giveaways during the holidays.. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical night meet at stand up area answer safety questions talk about the night volume . Learned new things when you move to different areas of the warehouse. Learned how use pallet jack ", " the makeup brushes were great when i put them to use, they did not shed or anything. until i washed them with the brushes cleanser spray they began to shed when i apply foundation on. then they became useless and was used them for some other reason. ", " i used to work there and i liked it but it was too hard for me they work you like a dog and my muscles where hurting they need to treat workers better ", " It's a fun place to work with an excellent staff. management is above and beyond and they really look out for their workers. Its a neat place to work for sure ", " the days will vary depending on the work,if work is slow so is the day vice versa i have learned to take my work serious and professional management is great and always willing to listen and help hardest part of the job is standing all day,be sure to wear comfortable shoes. most enjoyable part of the day is enjoying the company of great people you work with ", " Working here I was able to learn how to operate forklifts, I was trained in many of the areas here at this facility and I was also able to become a team leader and lead others. ", " It was always a good place to be a worker there was always people willing to help you and to  support you no matter what they were always friendly ", " Ok job. Expect a little much, with little rewards. Want you to put in 120% a quarter, for 5 RIC bucks. When a t shirt cost 20 RIC bucks at the store. And it's random who wins. ", " When i worked in amazon it was a nice company to work for and always kept busy  The hardest part of the job was keeping on your feet for couple of hours  i mostly enjoyed working down amazon it kept me busy ", " 10 hours a day for day shift. Eleven hours there. Ten and a half paid. It is a hard and tedious job but pays well. It definitely isn't for everyone but if you can get into it, it's a fantastic thing. ", " The management team at Amazon Fulfillment will fabricate to you about helping you to advance within the company. The job is tiring 10 hours a day on our feet with only 30 minute lunch. ", " At the beginning of my employment I loved it. But after about a week I noticed the management tells certain people that they like that they can tell other people what to do even though they aren't qualified, resulting in them reporting things that aren't true just because they don't like somebody. Also the managers are just rude and disrespectful to anybody that isn't an amazon employee. Also they don't care how productive you are if you don't do what they decide is right. ", " Picker for amazon. ten hour shifts walking up and down the factory and isles. simplistic everyday objective to get a certain amount of picks. with patience and dedication objective was reached. ", " The company had a lot to offer to their employees. The environment wasn't all that easy to adapt to, due to different language barriers from the other employees ", " I enjoyed working for amazon.  The environment is like I have heard google.com described.  We were supported and treated like members of a team instead of an employee ", " Came in stretched talked about the goal for that day and we got to work. You could communicate with others, it didn't feel like a jail house you actually enjoyed your work. ", " a typical day at amazon includes doing morning stretches and getting the daily news before heading to your station/job duty ", " Fast paced environment, nice people, short brakes. good incentives. Once permanent your salary improves a little bit and also your benefits. ", " Decent place to work if you're looking for side income. But is imperative to have another job. Wear comfortable shoes and dress in layers. Also it helps that you can you choose your schedule to fit your life. ", " Productive workplace they have a convenient schedule you can pick your shift that you want the staff are very welcoming to everyone "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It was a fun enviroment and i meant loads of great people. The chance to improve your skills and learn new skills is always an option to use. It's a very fast paced but fun and enjoyable workplace best part of the job is meeting new people and your always kept busy and your always learning something and the chance to advance in positions is always available. ", " Well-paid job with good hours but expect to be treated like a machine, only allowed outside for one hour per day, can be fired at any time. Low-morale and even lower respect from management. Near-unobtainable targets. Time limits. ", " A typical day at work can be explained as Dynamic, because there is always something new to learn along with the diverse culture. ", " The work is sorting packages, after a shift you will feel tired because of constant movement but it's still easy. Enough work to keep you from thinking about anything serious but not enough to fully occupy your mind ", " Every manager sets the tone for the job, management were very close with all of their employees.  They work very hard and very close to know the best way to make all the employees comfortable with the job. ", " Worked here as a driver for a few weeks, got to say that the culture at Amazon is pretty awful, I've also been to their HQ in London and seen why this is probably so - it's run by bits of kids, running round like headless chickens from mindless meeting to meeting. On the front line in the warehouse and performing deliveries, the Amazon staff really are clueless, they move the goalposts daily, changing the rules, they suffer from limited communication skills and those charged with 'leadership' couldn't lead a blind man across the road. As a driver they will treat you indifferently, give you massive amounts of parcels for delivery, expect you to deliver in a set time period and wo betide if you bring anything back without following the 'procedure'. You've been warned....at your own risk... ", " On a daily basis I would walk around pushing a cart with a yellow tote on it and using a RF scan gun picking specific items that appear on the scan gun from either of the 3 floors and 100 aisle. It was a very fast paced environment and constant walking back and forth nonstop. ", " great place to work  just apply early for a permanent position do ur job do not  make conversation   that isn't necessary with co-workers and you will be fine  better yet keep your head down and work ", " Help train new hires on the process of their daily operations. A team effort and working with operations.  Training over 180 new hires in all aspects of the operations. ", " Overal working with Amazon was a great experience. It is a tough Job and long hours. However it pays well and anyone can pick up overtime hours. ", " I enjoyed my job and always learned something new or how to do something better. It built on my people skills and has many avenues for advancement. Definitely a job that can make you think outside the box, and it is what you make it; it can be a job or a career. ", " Great place too work, Friendly people and a great environment too be in. Keeping busy is no problem in Amazon with the amount of orders we get daily.. ", " If you don't have a life outside of work it's a fine place to work. Just know you're expected to be constantly moving and when you're not working you won't have much time or energy for anything else, but the paychecks and co-workers are nice. ", " It was a internship that ran on. there was no raises hours where first come first serve. Amazon had no benefits, but you get a discount . ", " I wouldn't refer anybody to work for amazon there benefits are amazing but the way they treat there people is horrible. A typical day at Amazon is nothing but hardcore work if you're a picker. You have to pick items and go up and down stairs within a certain time and if you don't its going to be consequences. ", " This job was alright. It was short hour and good managers but there were too many people there who would try to start problems with other people. But over all it was good ", " Amazon is a very great job it pays good in have very good benefits it's a good workout every day you got to work you meet a whole lot of new people all types of people ", " The job is great, with plenty of hours in the week to work. However, the job became very repetitive, and boring after a while. I was always performing well in all the jobs that I performed, but there is no real room for raises or promotions. ", " amazon was a pretty good place to work. it just took some getting used to honestly.the physical exhaustion was a lot to deal with for the first week or two. but after i adjusted it was fun and i never had a minuet to be bored at work. ", " dont let them feel to powerful, they were cool but got big headed. I dont like big headed supervisors they think they know how to talk to and handle employees but not really my guy. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I got caught ina wreck and i didnt have time to cover it. And they me to leave on good terms i pointed out. Up until i was aaked to leave i had been with amazon for 8 months i really like the job more there is more possibilities out there ", " worked here during peak good pay rate provided you work every hour given otherwise its less. i worked weekend shift due to no other choice and couldn't change it. the training was quite inadequate so learn the rest as you go from other workers. good pay and you do earn it with long hours. free drinks but canteen food poor quality. toilets were dirty and not always working and not big enough for workforce. packing is easy but very boring and tape dispensing machines worn out and often faulty causing loss of production which they blame you for. by the time you learn the job you are laid off in large numbers without warning no matter how hard you work. very dusty and noisey if you work near the machines. when they clean out the packing machines they use airlines and blow cardboard dust everywhere right by where you are working. some management can be disrespectful but on the whole they are ok. water machines were unhygienic. was a good experience but would never work here again. ", " a typical day at work was very challenging but it was fun at the same time......i learned about customer service and fulfilling customer needs.... ", " Amazon is a exciting place to work it's big so u have a lot to do. What I learned was who to stay on a steady rate while I'm on the job also to be more productive in my work. The management at Amazon is very helpful and always there to keep you focus and moving constantly. The work is fun and easy. I think it's enjoyable in so many ways. But I found the hardest part about this was staying positive about the job you are doing. But I enjoyed the people and keeping customer's happy. ", " Overall the managers and HR really work with you and help accommodate every situation. The hardest part of the job was the actual shift times for overnight it was really unusual. I didn't really make it my business to learn anything I just simply did my job. ", " The hardest part of the job is trying to get the money owed to me as they owe me over \u00a31000 the management wasnt great the money was ok ", " Great place to work when needing financial help during career search. Amazing, flexible, and plenty of job schedules to help you manage your work/life balance. ", " Working here I had so much fun they treated everybody like family we sometimes go out on Fridays with the boss and we will have a good time I love driving the stand up that's one of my pros I was a trainer for anybody who wanted to learn how to drive one ", " At Amazon a typical day was a hard 10 hour shift which consists of two 15 minute breaks and a half hour for lunch. The downside to working for Amazon is the rates you have to hit are very high, I would probably say that hitting the rates is the hardest part  of the job. On the other hand the most enjoyable part of the job is that there is always over time and that's even more money to add to your weekly pay. ", " Good company with lots of benefits as private healthcare  insurance, help with the future studies in your chosen specialization, good salary. Fun workplace, good experience ", " The work was well explained, safety was a constant priority, there were surprisingly nice break room facilities for a concrete warehouse, and there were probably one or two interesting ways to switch up your role on a given week if you happened to be a motivated worker. The only issue was that it was only ever part time, and even that was questionable towards the end of the busy season. ", " Very energetic place to work. Great management and guidance. Work culture is fun and customer orientated. Hardest thing are rude customers. Most enjoyable part of working for amazon is the top performer prizes. ", " Sometimes fun and good money though.   The hours can be very long. But you do get alot of great benefits working there. Some of the manager's are nice. ", " Amazon is a busy place to work. There are man things I learned, from being a normal associate to becoming a leader. It is not always easy but the manager is always there to help. I would say the hardest part of the job is finding time to do everything that is needed to be done. I enjoy the pressure because I see it as an experience more than a a hardship. Having a goal for the day makes me feel achieved. ", " This was one of my best job experiences! Very friendly yet professional managers and PAs. Unfortunately, I was only hired as a temp. I'd recommend this job to anyone! ", " learned alot about warehouse work enjoyed opportunity to learn forklift met lots of interesting people kept busy over seasonal period kept informed of progress you were making ", " Team cordinater dutys  Patrol dutys  Escort details  Checking building  Giving access to employess Alarm reaction  incident reaction  Great team  and great company ", " Good place to work if you want to be active for 10 hours a day, very fast pace, with a verity of different people to work with, well rounded, and a very clean place. ", " This job is very fast-paced. It is a lot of physical work. I would sort packages up to 50 pounds. We were required to scan a certain amount of packages per hour. ", " Job is not what I expected. It is hard for doing 10 hours four days a week if this is your sleep schedule up so much and that you only have time to work eat and sleep I have more than that which I wanted to do that is why I did not continue. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " learn new jobs new equipment good pay and insurance hours pretty good Management not together on things One will say do this and another will say against policy ", " Lost my job due to a medical flare up when Amazon's emergency services didn't believe something was wrong with me. They put me on a new position that my body couldn't cooperate with and when I asked to be removed from this task the management would not allow it. ", " I have been with Amazon for just over a year and a half. I have had rough days at work, just like any other job, but for the most part it's not bad going to work. This is a place you don't have to dread showing up to. Management is great, and employees make the day so much more. I have met an awesome group of people here. All Amazon asks in return is for you to work hard. If you show up to work everyday wanting to grow, learn and explore more options with opportunities available to you, this is the place. Amazing benefits and higher wages. ", " Amazon is a place that gives a chance to anyone who is looking forward  to get a job quickly and be able to earn their living.It is also a place where people communicate a lot and a place where one can lear a lot! ", " amazon was ok but lunch time was to short but it was ok and the time was ok the money was good and the people where friendly and its a good place to work I will work their again ", " i work last year to Amazon warehouse \u00een Hemel Hempstead.....i want work again more than 3 mounth i want work permanent contract direct with Amazon Company ", " I loved amazon when I first started working there I loved getting up and going to work and pick up extra shilfs that was my favorite to do. I was the for a year and our manger were leave one by one and we ended up with new mangers that would not listen to one other they argue right in front of employees all the time ", " I like how accepting this workplace is, and how many friends you can possibly make. They have free beverages like powerade and coffee, and many different vending machines to choose from in break rooms. There are games to play on breaks, employee telephones and computers to use. I feel one hand doesn't know what the other is doing when it comes to management, and it can be a very disorganized place on occasion. Daily quotas sometimes do not take into account restroom breaks, trying to find tools to do the job etc. The breaks are short and hours are long, especially standing and doing the same task over and over again. Unless you get fired for disciplinary action, you can however always reapply, it seems they always need people to work here. Benefits are very good for full time Amazonian, but through the temp agencies you may need outside insurance. Pay is fair, but could be better. There is a lot of networking and activities you can get into in the community as well as the workplace. Most people are friendly and helpful. There are different jobs and shifts you can always apply to transfer unless you are on probation or are a new hire, although that doesn't mean you will get approved. If you manage the time off given to you when you start it is fair, but holiday schedules could be coordinated better, as well as the VTO and VET notifications for both direct hires and temp hires. There is opportunity to grow with the company if you are willing to put in A LOT of time at the company doing remedial work. Overall it is a good company to work for for a time, just not to make a career ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> out of. But that is just my opinion. ", " Amazon is one of the worst companies I ever worked for. In the beginning like any company you have high hopes  advancement and everything going smooth and having a really fun work experienced as said in many interviews and orientations. Amazon isn't that, Amazon is a pretty face with a terrible attitude with a turn over rate as low as 4 months they constantly hire and fire daily on any level. Management is fresh out of college with no hospitality, or associate commutation skills; 97% of \"leadership\" (management) this is their 1st job ever. They are less qualified than the average incoming associate and its said. You work at 10+ hour day get two 15 min brakes and one 30min lunch and your are not allowed to sit or even use the bathroom because of time off task (witch you can get fired for). The schedule is suppose to be 4 days on 3 days off but I've been working 5 days on 2 days off for 11 hours a day since i was hired 6 months ago, its just not worth it and the make you feel like your just a number than an actual person. Just stay away from amazon..... just waring you. ", " The managers only care about meeting their quota and pushing others to receive as many pallets possible by hovering over them and letting them know who is in first and last place. Not the environment I want to keep working in where there is a winner and loser type competition. I drive forklift and they always \"insist\" we let them know if we don't feel safe operating the machine I let a manager know I was tired and didn't get enough rest I was told to pull a pallet jack instead which was worse. So I ended up driving while I could barely keep my eyes open. They also vote for a schedule change from 5 8's to 4 10's. This is a job for you if you don't have a life outside of work or a family or live at home and don't go to school. You sign your soul and social life over once you work for this company. ", " Good place to work, good training. The support staff will always be there to help if you have a question. The hours are manageable and there are plenty of breaks. ", " I thoroughly enjoyed working for amazon i enjoyed meeting different people and working in the different parts off the company ", " The harder you work the better. Some times it can Be frustrating but it's worth the pay . It's an other night position and you only work 3 days . The only thing is everything is through computer or telephone, you're never talking to anyone directly ", " The people are great and make the job more fun however often times you are talked at instead of talked to by leadership, other than that it's a great company. It would be nice if there were more advancement opportunities. ", " responsibilities: loading the van, delivering parcels along a particular route using Amazon's routing technology, filling in documentation ", " Working at Amazon is nice in the beginning, they do take work very seriously. They have fun stuff in the break rooms like games and alot of food. Overall working was a seven. ", " Great benefits and friendly co-workers, but very poor communication with leadership. Departments rarely were on the same page with standard procedures. ", " It was an easy job but some of the management/workers either had the degree and didn't know how to use it in the field that they worked or they didn't have the degree but knew how to  do the job but since they were not \"qualified\" they were rejected from moving up in the career. ", " Amazon is a very nice place to work, easy to learn your daily work and there is someone always willing to help you out if you need anything. very fast paced work. ", " Amazon is such a great company, but I really feel like they don't care about their employees as much as they say they do. Just my honest opinion...... "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day at Amazon normally runs for 4 hours of warehouse atmosphere at it's finest. Morning stretches to limber up and meeting with all employees and management to confirm volume and safety measures taken for the day and weeks to come. We then proceed to  designated areas posted for each employee individually and process all freight incoming from the online orders made previously. Volume changes day to day, you have to be flexible and ready for anything. I've learned to take each day as it comes calmly and efficiently while maintaining production excellence with as little down time as possible. The job is very fast paced and no room for error. There are employees from all different backgrounds, cultures, ages, and genders. The diversity in the workplace allows for many approaches to common issues, and communication is key to harmony in the workplace. As such I am comfortable working with people from many backgrounds and walks of life. The hardest part of the job is only how fast paced the processing is, with next to no downtime. It does tend to get frustrating at times; however, as previously stated i have adapted to this atmosphere. I have even thrived and become a top performer in my position. Easily the most enjoyable part of the job is meeting new people and learning about other employees cultures and backgrounds. I consider myself a people person and am not shy about sharing my life experiences with others. ", " its only a part time job.i usually done sorting the mail according to the zip code.its really have a good enivornment and really like it very much.its help me to improve my knowledge about fullfillment field ", " Excellent management. Easy non physically taxing work. Great coworker, and plenty of incentives to be the best at your job. plenty of opportunities to advance within the company ", " Wasnt that bad the money was good.Your garenteed at least 40 hours a week and overtime is either 50 hours or 60 hours depending on customer need.The only time to not work here is peek season ", " Booming company with guaranteed full time hours and decent pay with great benefits for amazon employees but they work you like slaves with short breaks and 10 hour shifts. ", " Great place to work and easy way to make some extra cash. Flexible hours, friendly environment and easy going supervisors. Best part you get paid weekly! ", " Over all this is a good job especially if you have no skills and are seeking to learn something about big business and management. This was a job where you only got what you put into it. ", " Great benefits, plenty of opportunity for advancement. Happy work environment, Friendly management. Even working as a seasonal employee I admired the atmosphere of the job site. ", " A day at work can be fast because you are working so hard you barely look at the clock. Working at Amazon I learned how to be grateful as in (appreciate) and I say this because at Amazon there is a rule if you and another associate get into a dispute while at work you both get terminated even if they know another person started it's the fact you reacted along with the person. The hardest part working at Amazon was waiting for break and on the other hand I would say working was the best part of my day. ", " I wouldn't change anything about this job at all I encourage those who are looking for a fun, fast paced job to apply the people are cool and so is the amazon team. ", " I loved helping the people but my leads person was terrible. You could not get the information you needed from her. During the Christmas time it was even worse. She could not or would not help. ", " a typical day a work was very long and strenuous. 11 hour shifts with only an hour or so of break time, including lunch. management was poor and unprofessional. the hardest part of the job was standing for such extended periods of time. the most enjoyable part of the job was my fellow coworkers. they also worked extremely hard in spite the grueling working conditions. ", " my worst day @ Amazon is still better than any day of my 29 yrs. as a mailman with the post office. the atmosphere is positive and the environment is clean in Pittston, Pa. ", " I have learned a lot from my coworkers, The work force is awesome and you can learn a lot from all of the various workers that are there. The job it self is easy but the lack of mental stimulation makes it harder. ", " Amazon is a growing company every day and is a very good place to work.  Good to there employee and has great benfits for employess ", " At Amazon Rugeley it was a best life experience i had in UK. Nice people,professional workers. I suppose to work on night shifts. ................................. ", " Just a horrible experience. They will work you until you can't stand, then try to work you some more. Very physically demanding with months of mandatory overtime. ", " Amazon is a great place to work with many opportunities. We are growing exponentially and we have no limits where we will go. We are always trying to innovate and become the best at any task set forward to be the most competitive and customer obsessed  company in the world. ", " Not a very family orentated buisness, hard working drivers for the others  Great manager and great workers very friendly ", "  \tAll packages are picked up from local department stores and delivered to both residential and business addresses  \tAccountable for the shipping VIA UPS World Ship, received and unloaded freight both manually or with equipment such as pallet jacks; checked for damage goods, verifies quality and quantity of orders.  \tTo successfully maintain to quickly find the best way to execute a route and close out each delivery in real-time with signatures and secure locations. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I wouldn't recommend the job to my worst enemy the management is poor and lack luster at best, treated like slaves instead of employees and the lack of equality among employees is beyond poor. ", " Working for amazing was pretty stressful. I was a picker there and I felt like I was a slave. They work you for long hours and don't get enough break or lunch time. ", " A very straightforward job working with highly active and friendly people. Does require a vast amount of physical work but pays well. ", " Amazon has a great work environment, which is one of the few benefits of working there. At first, I really enjoyed my time at amazon, as I spent a year working at an Amazon Fulfillment center.  Unfortunately by the end of the year I was really starting to hate my job and eventually decided it was best to quit and move on considering how competitive it got.  Pros: -Great Work Environment -As long as you are a friendly individual, the managers are fantastic and very supportive for the most part.  -The benefits can be a plus depending -Most coworkers I found to be a joy to work with and kept in touch with them after leaving -Amazon is a huge brand and would look good on any resume -mandatory rates weed out people who don't pull their weight.   Cons:  -starting wage in the fulfillment center is only $14 an hour which is extremely low considering you're expected to make extremely high rates which are constantly being pushed up and your wage stays the same.  It's also low because they require you to get trained as a pit driver.  The thing is the average wage for a pit/forklift driver where I live is 16-17$ an hour, so the wage does not match the level of performance they expect from you.  -with any fulfillment center having 200+ employees, it can be extremely difficult to move anywhere in the company unless you compete with everyone's rates consistently.  This alone is extremely tiring and is again, not worth $14 an hour. -Shifts are 10 hours which wouldn't be a bad thing if their expectations weren't so high. -Mandatory overtime, especially during the holidays is extremely ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> exhausting and time consuming as they sometimes require you to work 3-4 weeks straight working 50 hours a week.  -Holidays for amazon and prime week are a complete mess since every employee has to work on those days and half the time, the workload is just too much to handle. And still the wage is $14 an hour.  -The rates are too high for any job positioned at.  everyone gets counted per item or action they do on an hourly basis and if you don't meet the rates too much, you'll be fired. Sometimes, you have to run just to keep up with everyone else. ", " I really enjoyed my job at SMX at Amazon. Unfortunately we did not have enough employees and I had to leave. I enjoyed everything I did. I learned so many new things during my time with this company. I moved up quickly in the company and developed many skills to help me throughout my professional and person life. ", " Need improvement in management and rewarding but overall good experience Hardest part is work/life balance, as early shift can be at 6am and latest shift can end at 9.45pm ", " I spent two months with Amazon as a full-time associate. Let me start by saying this: Amazon is a great company. They offer an exceptional benefits/compensation package for the type of work you will be doing, and the warehouse is air-conditioned. You also manage your own time off. You will not find an pleasant warehouse/packing company to work for anywhere.  Those are the pros.  Let's start with hours. When I got hired, I was told it was usually 40 hours a week, with voluntary overtime offered and rare mandatory overtime. That wasn't true. Expect to work 11-12 hour days, with no more than 45 minutes total for break (including lunch). You are timed.  Next is training. The training is substandard. They will tell you that there is a learning curve; that you have 4 weeks to get up to the rate that they expect. That is also untrue. Their two day training program doesn't do much to prepare you on the job difficulties, equipment issues are abundant, and team leads/managers are never close by. Every time you need to find someone to help you, your rate takes a nosedive. You can be written up as early as your second week for failing to meet productivity/quality goals. And their rates are high, expect to bust your tail and go home sore every day. It's not easy by any means.  Third is job security. Out of the 30-40 people I got hired with, around 6 or 7 made it past a month. A few quit because it was too physically hard, but most were pushed out by Amazon for failing to meet their quality/productivity standards. They are not kidding about that part at all, and its why they have ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> to do mass hires every two weeks.   I personally made it four weeks before my first write up. My fifth week, they skipped my second write up and went to my final. The first day of my sixth week, I was terminated after 3 hours. Why? I made 4 errors out of 1000 items received. Four.   It's a great company, offers a lot of benefits, but its difficult to keep your job. ", " Managers care more about there bonuses then the employees. They are constantly setting up their employees to fail. The employees are forced to come into work even when the town they live in is  in a state of emergency weather wise (they make use your time if you want to stay home however they do not give you a reasonable amount of time). Employees are consistently overworked and treated poorly by bosses, they take the approach that if you want to leave good we will just hire a replacement. ", " For a normal day of work in amazon i would walk the mods and pick and that meant doing a lot of walking at least 8 miles a day. I did learn how to use a scan gun and how to solve simple problems on the gun.The management was good and they  were all interactive with the employees. The co workers in the warehouse were mostly tired from having to work the long hours. The hardest part of the job was having to walk non stop picking the orders. The most enjoyable part of the job was seeing what kind of items customers would purchase. ", " The most horribly run place I have ever worked at.  The compensation is good but don't expect to see your family in July or after thanksgiving. ", " Apart from the wages being decent the rest is awful.  You only see the agency managers if your not doing good. If you speak only one language and that language is English you wont speak to many people when your working at Amazon at times it genuinely feels like your working abroad because about 10% of workers can understand and speak English, the rest have no clue on how to speak English what so ever ", " job was good but no support from managersCollating and processing initial order sheets for incoming and outgoing goods Ensuring the accuracy and quality of all goods are first class Loading and unloading delivery vehicles Liaising with transport companies regarding timeframes and deadlines  Making sure all stock is labelled and stored correctly Carrying out health and safety checks ", " The benefits are excellent, pay is wonderful for the caliber of work and they strive to take the best care of their employees they can. With medical staff on site in case of minor injuries or a major crisis, you;re in good hands. Also the benefits can not be beat with paid time off immediately available after being hired in, 401k, and shares of stock issued within the first week. How can you beat that? ", " This is a company is great or not so, completely dependent on you. If you have needs outside of your job, like caring for family, this is not a great place due to a lack of work/life balance. IF you are not dedicated to caring for another, it is a great company with huge benefits.   If you enjoy being pushed to excel, perfect place. If you enjoy innovation and creativity - awesome.   If you like to come home and turn off the job - not happening... ", " all my managers, assistant manages, ops manages and area managers are all fun and understanding, the company has a lot of good benefits ", " Amazon's promotion process rewards people who have better visibility with people who have no idea about your work. Leads to internal politics about who you know and how you can get your name known across the org in order to be promoted. People's incentives are aligned to drive poor treatment of those who cannot help you get promoted. ", " Amazon is a great place to learn about process improvements and develop a diverse portfolio of experiences. As a long term career, definitely a tough job. Work life balance is poor and would be ideal for a person starting out without a family. ", " well, you start off stretching so you dont hurt yourself while working on the concrete floor. I got on this job through a temp. agency so, they dont really value you enough to apprecciate your wok, thats just my opinion. Im not to sure on management, i wasnt there long enough to get to know anybody. Its hard to get to know your coworkers because of the envionment, everyone kind of has there own path to follow. the hardest part of the job is getting to and from break on time. Also you have to arrive to work like an hour early to be able to get a good spot in the parking lot. the most enjoyable part is clocking out for the day and going home. ", " Just everything about this job is so great the management team, the co-worker's I really like the feeling of being apart of something bigger then just myself. I would Recommend this job to anyone who's looking to push them self and get the most out of life! ", " Traveling was the big issue wasnt worth the money. Good long hours though kept you busy. 2 paid 15 minute breaks 30 minute lunch unpaid  wasnt aloud outside "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I like the location. All the employee at Amazon are nice And helpful! Management go out there way to make sure everyone is comfortable with the job they are preforming, ", " Everything about the job is fun a typical 10 hour shift consist of getting 100K units out a day managing 10-20 associates to maintain a work balance. There is nothing hard about the job its constant physical work with many different personalities. ", " while at my time here ive never worked in such a safe and clean warehouse with good management and colleagues on a daily basis good canteen and vending services. The only downside really was the long distance you would have to go just to get one or two small items and the occasional crazy vna driver. ", " In AMAZON i loved working their, very friendly people and loads of people cant get bored, ive learned at amazon that you have to be fast to achieve in life which i also do outside amazon, my managers my teamleaders were very nce and talkative. the hardest part of the job was we had targets to achieve which was 250 per hour and that was nerve wracking. the most enjoyable part of my job was i never got bored i was able to do enjoy myself their. ", " I enjoyed my time at Amazon. They paid for my schooling. They provide great benefits for employees. I would have stayed there if I could drive for them. ", " Amazon's workplace culture is pretty amazing, for better use of a word. Hard work truly pays off at Amazon.  The management is very supportive of their employees and they create a very valued work environment. ", " Working for amazon is super fast paced especially if you are in picking. You must meet a certain \"rate\" while working. Your pretty much working/standing in the same area unless your going to break or to the restroom. Pretty nice job, hard at first but then you get used to the speed. Nice pay too. ", " Work is and always will be a very fun thing for me to do. I am always the type of person who loves to get up in the morning and get straight to it. I'm always amazed when the management makes it very comfortable for us to work. I always learn new skills everywhere that I go and that brings me joy. The hardest part of my work experience is when someone else is not at your skilled level but assisting them is never a problem, everyone has to be trained to succeed. ", " Management was horrible, not really sure of how to complete any job functions. HR was even worse, never were able to answer any questions for any employee. The pay was OK but after paying for health plan and taxes you seen maybe half of it.You do not receive sufficient break time. DO NOT RECOMMEND. ", " good for workers to get a lot of steam and stress of their heads and also the staff was very kind and caring also helpful in a lot of ways if needed help to solve problems. they never cared if you worked long hours or  overtime it was up to you. safe work handling practices taught in training how to lift heavy objects and rotate your whole body when picking up boxes. ", " Long hours standing. Repetitive work. Short break times. Helpful Managers. good pay. Full time hours. Cool coworkers. Independent work. Ask for help is a must.  Follow instructions. Problem solving. Using calculator. Mathematical skills ", " the days will vary depending on the work,if work is slow so is the day vice versa i have learned to take my work serious and professional management is great and always willing to listen and help hardest part of the job is standing all day,be sure to wear comfortable shoes. most enjoyable part of the day is enjoying the company of great people you work with ", " Good place to work if you are looking for career progression. Lots of opportunity to improve skills and working with a highly experienced management team to achieve both the company's and your own aspirations. ", " Excellent company to work for if you are ready to work for a company doing business on a global scale.  Amazon.com definitely values customers as their company culture revolves around it's customers.  Since I worked for this company, I have gained excellent customer service skills to keep customers in the center of everything I do.  Through working here, I have obtained knowledge and experience to work for any company with confidence. I highly recommend working here!! ", " I worked during the holidays so I was working 10 to 11 hour shifts every week packing boxes and sending them to the conveyor. The most enjoyable the multiple and music that would play during work. The management was great, I did't have any type of issues with them and they answered any question that I had. the hardest part was getting up at 5:30 to be there by 6:30. Some of the Co-workers that I met I instantly connected with and where the people I would sit with during lunch. ", " My normal day on the Ship Dock at Amazon is very busy and fast-paced. I learned not to miss opportunities. Management is alright but doesn't seem to listen to their associates' ideas. Co-workers are pretty easy to get along with. The hardest part of the job is making sure that all of our critical departing loads leave the building at specific times. The most enjoyable part of my job is operating the forklift. ", " I learned a lot about Amazon. It is a great place to work and they have a great set of managers. There are thousands of employees which I've been giving the chance to become great friends with. The most enjoyable part of the job was knowing how much we shipped out and being able to ship out items as fast as we do. I learned a lot about the customer obsession at Amazon and how much we envy a customers opinion. ", " Excellent experience, greats co-workers, I learned management people and work with public. The most enjoyable part of the job was help people to get what they need, customers come first. ", " Amazon is a good place to work for me. The schedule is flexible and the training as well as development is helpful. A typical day involves solving customer issues and working with my team to ensure Amazon meets customer needs. The hardest part of the job is meeting somewhat unrealistic but achievable goals. ", " A typical day at work would consist of safety checks, start meetings about company numbers and progress. I've learned how to work in a fasted pace production environment, I learned data entry skills,shipping and receiving skills and also I learned how to be proactive in going above and beyond (safely) the call of duty. I like the management because of their experience to teach and provide incite. The hardest part of a job for me was being in an environment where I'm not able to grow. The most enjoyable part of a job would be the people that I worked with which made the time go by fast. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I start my day at 15:00 and finish at 00:00. I assist customers with Prime Video and Twitch Prime subscriptions. I start relatively early as I'm always working over time, then I set myself up and communicate with customers from all around the world via phone, email and chat. I've learnt how to provide the best customer service by treating my customers as friends. Expressing empathy is everything when working at Amazon. I adore management, especially their style of management. The environment is laid back and anybody that works for Amazon knows that you're self managed. The culture is vibrant and energetic. Amazon offers opportunities for growth and development. The hardest part of my job is providing customers with the best customer service via email and the best part of my job is providing customers with the best customer service through any platform. ", " Loved this Job Keeps you busy Great people working with you Fast paced Nothing compares Great hours available Great second job  Able to advance very quickly ", " Working at a amazon warehouse is very oppressive. The management team was very poor at informing associates about schedule changes. The HR department had miss recorded associates PTO and UPT on many occasions. ", " The managers all wk together. The job itself is really easy. The hr team is very patient with things that r going on in your life ", " It's a great place to work  It's a safe place to work Good earning oportunity Good team work Meet great people from many cultures ", " It's a job. Nothing really special about it. You come to work and do what you have to do to keep your job. The benefits are good. Not a job where you can see yourself really advancing far. ", " I loved working for amazon.com. It was really fun and chill environment, the staff and management was the bomb and during christmas they played music over the P.A system and people would be dancing and working . i loved it , by far the best job i have had. ", " i went sexually harassed more than twice by the same male, i reported it to HR and supervisors and they did nothing to help except to move the man away from me.He kept harassing other women as well and they still continued to do NOTHING. ", " Typically the life balance is simple because I am no used to working 11 hour shifts 4 days a weeks which gives me a lot of time with my family. The compensation is much better than most companies and the benefits help take care of all my everyday health needs. I believe that job security is based on performance so everyday I work hard and put excellence at the top of my list so that I can continue to know my job is safe. My management has always been supportive in allowing me to take steps to improve my ability to move up in the company. I have worked both the night shift from 5pm-3:30am and am now on day shift from 5am-4:30pm and the job culture is surprisingly similar to one another. Most people are just there to work together and get through the day while improving themselves so they can feel successful at work as well as successful as a person taking care of their families. ", " constrictive , stupid rules , boring work  environment ,  I would stand in one spot for 12 hours .  Nobody ever  talked because everyone had to be at such a fast pace and doing the work at such a constant rate ", " Long hours but pays fair  Some days are real slow while other day there's non stop work Managers and supervisors are great with communication ", " It's an OK company to work for, can't live on the salary they give you though .  Disorganized at times but fun to work at sometimes. ", " i would pack items customers order online. its a good place to work if you like to work long hours. they also pay good and you can become a employee for the company ", " I loved working at Amazon/SMX  The staffing agency I was employed through moved to another city and I was laid off. I was I could have stayed forever.  I was a driver and alone basically all of my shift and the time still went by quickly because your constantly moving. Very fun job ", " Great place to work just think they need to work on communication and helping those that want to advance. They need to meep their word on when they say they will train you on things. ", " A lot of experience , new things learning , hard but fun working , fun people always like a team. Loading unloading vans, nice costumers , always happy to work on amazon ", " Worked here for 6 months as a financial analyst intern.  There were desks and cubicles.  Thats about it.  I learned some SQL. ", " Awesome experience, fun environment. Break rooms have awesome game. Snacks are always fresh and really cheap too. Not too expensive. Chairs are comfortable as well as the couches ", " it was the only job I had in my real field. that's why i enjoyed it a lot and wanted to continue it but because of health problems at that time i had to left the job. ", " Always have ID/Pass on hand at all times. I learn how to work in a face pace environment and keep full focus on whats next. The management was a bit poorly on some days but not all days. The challenging part of the work was to complete the job description in a short amount of time. The scanner shows a time clock counting down to where you had to find items from one side of the building to the other. You practically have to rush which was kind of exciting. There was a No phones policy on the work floor and yet, some employees still carried them. The best and enjoyable thing about the job was meeting new people everyday. The place had character. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Working hard getting packages out on time,new route in austin,my time is management,friendly,driving in traffic,its fun making new people.... ", " A Fun and entertaining work place culture, every day is leg day at amazon. A major recent shift in the company's way of working its employees has led me to search for work elsewhere. ", " A typical day at work would start with stand up. Where management gives us a pep talk before stretching and sending us to work stations. After lunch we have raffles. Power hours where the fastest and most proficient workers get rewards like amazon swagg bucks or an amazon fire stick or a tv. After a 12 hour shift i got to go home and sleep for maybe 4-5 hours before getting ready for work again. ", " The compensation and benefits were excellent, and the co-workers were great overall.  But there was too much drama and inconsistency with the management. ", " Lots of labor ...10hr shifts ....30 minute lunch .....   paid holidays great benefits there is also alot of fun people that work there. We also had raffles throughout the month of December ", " The work day was 10 hours long although the work week only has 4 days, very packed work in the day and keeps getting more demanding. Amazon as a company always tries to keep you motivated with rewards but the management sometimes fails to do the same.  The hardest part of the job is standing around for 10 hours a day in steel toes sometimes being in the same place, the most enjoyable isbeing done for the day ", " If you are lazy, no career goals, or just looking for a pay check Amazon is not for you. I personally enjoy the daily challenges and for the most part look forward to working with the employees. It is rewarding when you play a part in someone being promoted due to your mentoring. ", " Overall I like working at amazon. Hours are great especially if your going to school like I am. Co-workers are nice and easy to talk to. You can move up by showing how hard you work. Benefits are good and not a tiring job. ", " It was a very energetic place to work at. I loved my coworkers and how helpful they were. I would definitely go back there if I had a chance . I enjoyed my job description it was very active. ", " If you want to try working for Amazon all I have to say is good luck. They promote employees to Assistant Managers that aren't qualified.  They work you to where you go home hurting so bad.  They don't care about you. ", " 10 hour work days for a part-time worker, endless walking/standing, workers not allowed to sit while not on break, short breaks compared to how long the shift is ", " Fast paced environment with a lot of hard heavy lifting. although warehouse work is hard I really enjoyed it and found the days going by really fast considering how busy I was. ", " I was employed by amazon for seasonal employment. I loved the job! The monetary compensation really made the job worth it. The staff was friendly and clear of work schedule. WORTH REAPPLYING OR LONG TERM WORK MOST DEFINITELY!! ", " My work hours was the best. I did not certain attitudes worker had when coming into work. The pay was ok. Working wed to sat was pretty cool. Hours was pretty great. ", " My typical day would consist of loading trucks with boxes and scanning them in. There are multiple things to do and you can kinda just go around doing what you want until you find something that you like. Sometimes someone will come up and tell you to go somewhere else though. The job is super chill and easy. Some people are just awful but no more than you'll find at other places. ", " Great company with good benefits. The atmosphere is full of life and management appreciates the employees. Moral is kept high with contests and fun challenges to complete our tasks. The most difficult part of the day is associates who do not want to work. The most enjoyable part is knowing we are helping make a customer very happy in receiving their Amazon product. ", " Picker and packer all over the place  Forklift operating printed label loaded and unloaded trucks  the job was fun but u can still get hurt on the job ", " Great way to meet coworkers, very flexible and willing to make sure their employees are happy.  Always offering training to make you better and advance in to management. ", " great place to work at just need to stop blaming employees for things. great enviroment and cool people to meet. need to have more  employee apreciative lunches. ", " Work consisted of lots of moving and lifting. Not much contact with management. 20-30 hours per normal week (different during peak). Some people work hard while others do not work. Decent pay for the work that is asked to do. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a exciting place to work it's big so u have a lot to do. What I learned was who to stay on a steady rate while I'm on the job also to be more productive in my work. The management at Amazon is very helpful and always there to keep you focus and moving constantly. The work is fun and easy. I think it's enjoyable in so many ways. But I found the hardest part about this was staying positive about the job you are doing. But I enjoyed the people and keeping customer's happy. ", " Amazon at the airport is paid prison. Its literally the worst place i have ever worked. Getting there is long and far. Leaving is even worst. Break times are a joke, Lunch is even worst. The food is dreadful and the microwave situation is AWFUL. ", " It's the people.who they put in charge of the workers . The management  some sort ment center well it's Thier only job that they had like other people.are better fit for.the job title as a manager.  But the point it if u brown nose hire ups then u get the job title u want. Or if ur a favorite with in the sort mentioned center u get promoted.  Like me.and others we speak our mind and they know they can not control us like how they want us to be. ", " The jobs aren't bad, but there;s a pay cap for tier one associates. Moving up can vary depending on your building, and transferring to other buildings can be hard. Management care about numbers, but they don't pay enough attention to what's really going on as opposed to their computers. ", " I was there from Nov-March.  Being a rebinner the work was exhausting. I received a fit bit for Christmas from my family, and soon realized why I was sore all of the time.  I was walking 30,000 steps a day which was equivalent to 13 miles (a half marathon).   Then you have the managers standing at gate keep talking and announcing rates over a microphone the whole day.  It's a good place for people straight out of high school to work cause it pretty much is a high school.   Always had to watch where you stepped outside cause they're would be food on the ground by peoples cars.  Supposed to get a bonus every month for attendance and productivity. didnt get one for January or February.   They make it sound like a great place to work, but it's quite the opposite. ", " It is a great company with great leadership principles. The culture is self-learning, that you have to learn everything initiatively. Good news is that Amazon has pretty mature company structure, work process, systems and tools. ", " Great pay,shifts are demanding but all together a fun environment to work in. More could be down in terms of incentives for employees.and longer breaks. ", " A typical day (or night) at work was full of nose to the grindstone work. I learned how to properly package a persons order following a quick pace. Management was good, and answered any processing questions that I had. co-workers were what made it all happen. Without one person in the mix of people, the job became harder to do as we would have to pick up the slack from the missing person or do our job and their job as well. The best part of working at Amazon was the flexible schedules that they offered. ", " Benefits were good. Work was hard. Co-workers made it fun. Plenty of opportunity to move up. Opportunity to travel. Hardest part of job was standing on concrete. ", " This job has good team work. It's a good company to work for. During the busy seasons employees can pick up more hours to earn more pay. ", " A typical day at Amazon usually consist of trying to force yourself to keep going for another ten hours. I learned how to drive PIT which is a great skill to have but other than that, I honestly don't have any more positive things to say. Management as a whole are an OK bunch but when you get to the Area Managers that's where the slippery slope starts. You can either get a really awesome I'm going to teach you everything you need to be a better person or your going to get \"I'm only going to spend my time with these select few and help them on their path to success.\" The hardest part of this job is that I graduated high school a couple of years ago but it honestly feels like I'm back, especially with all the THOTS walking around and all the men who like to complain and rat on everything and everyone, but in all honesty the most enjoyable part was leaving everyday. The ten hour work days are excruciating but the three-day weekends were worth it. I do not recommend Amazon as a company to work for unless you are a brown noser. ", " great learning experience   good for career good pay nice poeple  excellent scheduling  can grow in the company if you work hard ", " Personally I love the easy work. You could never call it hard but the hours get to some people when they found out how long you really standup other than that it was basically easy work and money  Management was very horrible ,  they will not tell you that you have a write up. They'll wait till you have a second write up then tell you. At that point you cant do anything.   I found out that amazon will have to fire people just to recieve a bonus. ", " Amazon is a really hard going job i enjoyed it while i was there but my contract was only for Christmas. I would of loved to stay on but there was no work for me. ", " A great stepping stone to kick start your career. Great HR team, work hard and make history.  New challenges everyday. No day is the same. ", " Great place to work when needing financial help during career search. Amazing, flexible, and plenty of job schedules to help you manage your work/life balance. ", " Typical work day was 4 hours with a 15 minute break. The job was relatively easy it was just a lot of work. I learned that I can do anything I set my mind to and its okay to seek help if necessary. The management was very flexible and extremely helpful. They worked with you on a personal level if need be. The hardest part of the job was really how far it was from where I lived. The most enjoyable part was the people I met. ", " Distribution Center, Dematic conveyors, shoe sorters, label printers, 3M tapers, Wexxar box  machines, scales, RA conveyance, Hydrol, Power Flex, reactive calls, repairs and projects.  Many machines to work on regularly at fast pace, nothing can stay down - Hold you to very high standards, if for any reason you can't do the job they cut you lose. ", " Working at Amazon really tested my limits. As a picker, I walked 10 hours a day all day while picking orders that were being shipped out. The work was tough physically at times, but really improved my endurance and self motivation. During the Holiday seasons the fulfillment center was filled with spirit and hard work. November-December 2016 we were working 60 hour work weeks and while exhausting helped me with efficient productiveness. Besides getting accustomed to the job, the only real problem I had there was the rate system and we were the department with a stricter enforcement on it. For a first job, I would say it treated me well. ", " To many stops a day, lots of drivers working with no time to lunch, that means working 10h 12h without eating if you want to finish before 9pm. Lots of expenses with van and fuel and the 0.16 they pay you back for fuel it's just a joke. Security is always looking for burglars and delay drivers even more. The equipment don't work properly delays drivers, and when that happens the day ends at 9pm "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a competitive based work environment. They have a \"trample the weak, hurdle the dead\", hire to fire, your job is your incentive mentality. You work with a lot of really awesome people and some not so awesome people, as with anywhere. If you survive, you learn some awesome leadership skills and how to work with others, how to talk to others, BUT you have to want it, work really hard for it, ask for it and hope that someone noticed how hard you work. Keep a positive attitude and you'll be fine. ", " Amazon is a fast pace environment where you are always moving, you can learn different areas of the warehouse very quickly and unlike other jobs they will always rehire you faster then most places. There very flexible with shifts and have a set schedule once you pick one. They reward you for a job well done and always have  incentives to keep you  motivated. ", " I was hired for dayshift. The waited until my first day to tell me they changed my hours to overnight. I also made it clear i am highly afraid of heights and they still made me go high up in the air. ", " It's a good place to work with a flexible schedule and good pay  A day there is filled with getting the  customer order out one time   I learned to move at a quick pace   Management is very easy and understanding    The hardest part is building a good stable pallet ", " Good money but poor management ,they changed hour from 10 to 11 in a work day mandatory overtime all the time. All they wanted was there numbers to be right ND to meet they quoter for the day. ", " 4 day work week 10 hour shifts Work place culture is very diverse  Managers are very supportive and encouraging  Voluntary overtime is usually offered, a lot ", " Working with amazon wasn't easy but it was a lovely experience. It gave me a confidence boost. I learned how to work with my colleagues in a group. I would help my co-workers when they'd need help or if they'd ask.  There was nothing hard in this. The best part of working here was everyone was friendly. ", " as a temporary associate out at amazon, I loved it I was in HRV inspecting jewelry. I always made my tack times and was a modeled worker. Amazon is very physical and stressful depending on the job your at. ", " Decent pay for late-teens/early 20-somethings, but no opportunities for advancement or a home life. Amazon overworks employees and will often show favoritism. ", " Amazon definitely has very rigorous work standards for some, but the indirect jobs are a lot more casual, making everyone yearn for those jobs. Amazon has very flexible schedules and even provide unpaid time off along with the normal paid time off. Communication between management can sometimes be nonexistent. ", " The company seemed great when they opened. Peak was hard. 55 hour weeks just about kill you. Management ...smh a bunch of know it all college kids. They used to be so focused on team building but then they spilit up my team. I suddenly felt like a new employee because everyone that I had gotten to know for the last year was on the other mod every week. Their new performance system sucks. Expect write-ups alot here even if you miss the expectations by 1. Breaks are spent walking to the outside for about 5 mins and then race back before 15 mins is up or they write you up for that too. ", " A great place to get free PIT training. After a year of working there moving up is easy and encouraged. While moving up seems to be shoved down your throat it really is as simple as a year of work. Good management that is there to help you as well. ", " Easy place to work with minimal training required to do your job. Lots of room for hours and advancement. Very fun environment when you have the right coworkers. ", " This place will chew the life out of you man. If you want to do the same task every day for 10 hours 5-6x a week this is the job for you. I took the job of a picker/packer over the peak season (fall/winter) while going to UCR. I was saving up for a trip out of the country. Anyway, this review is for my fellow colleagues/ students going to school.  The typical day at work consists of packing/picking 200-300 units per hour. Keep in mind the company wants you to maintain 80% or higher every day of every hour. If you don't meet the standard, you will get harassed by every type of upper level \"management\". These guys are incompetent as they come. I feel bad for people who stay imprisoned here because of the money and because they get too comfortable with their \"buddies\".   Also, the management keeps track of your time off task. If you are late from your meal/ break you will get punished. They treat their employees like inmates. Additionally, they sometimes requires you to work an extra day for over time to meet the companies demands. Honestly, out of all the jobs I have worked at, this place was the worst. If you are trying to make quick money, and would not mind the long hours and awful working conditions, then try it out. Otherwise look somewhere else. ", " Job is generally easy, it's as simple as 1-2-3 but 12 1/2 hours shifts which im not even sure if legal. it kills you, then they make unrealistic goals such as 1200 picks in a day. Yeah that would be easy if each pick had 50 items like some lucky people got but then it would send you all the way to the other side of the building to pick 1 item then all the way back for another.  It was pathetic and a joke but i suppose if you're desperate this is where you'd end up. ", " Not a job i would recommend for people who dont work hard they dont care if your sick they will fire you no joking around at this place but it is good money for someone who can take all the bull there ", " This is a large company easy work but constant moving and walking. The company isn't as open to certain workers as the temp agencies like the lead on. ", " Amazon is a good place to work. Their compensation is very good. They do not provide enough training for new hires but expect them to hit production target as soon as they start working on the floor which is not reasonable. ", " Great place to work at. flexible scheduling. Great management and workers. There is lots of room to grow if you stay for the company for more then one year. ", " Very tough job but overall rewarding. Long hours though, especially durring the peak season. Good pay regardless. Lots of walking. Very hard on the feet. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I've loved my job from Day 1.  I get to quickly walk 8 to 12 miles a day in a warehouse the size of 10 football fields and 3 floors, fulfilling customers' desires.  I not only get a healthful workout, but I can enjoy being artistic, arranging items in a tote like intricate, colorful puzzles with as many barcodes as possible facing up so that the sorters downstream from me can easily scan them and assemble orders.   It's fun to see what people are buying these days, to find out what the hottest items for sale are.  My workplace is a testament to all aspects of human imagination and endeavor.    My managers have only ever shown a passion for my well-being and ability to succeed in my job.  They remove barriers from my success and provide unending support and encouragement.  They are compassionate, smart, creative and have a wonderful sense of humor.  I enjoy contributing to the business by posting my suggestions publicly on the Voice of the Associate whiteboard.  Qualified individuals respond in a timely manner and, frequently enough, my suggestions have been taken and I've seen changes for the better over time.  Problems constantly are being solved although we must always strain as a team to improve.   My coworkers make coming in each day pure joy.  I've met people from many countries and backgrounds.  I once came back to work after several months on medical leave, and people whose names I didn't even know told me that they wondered what had happened to me and that I was in their prayers.  It feels like family to me. ", " I liked my job In Amazon.  The people there are so friendly but some of them are racists that's why I live my job. I was working day shift and I been happy with my job. ", " like to be in  a work evoriement and love working  group and working as a team and have a dress down on same and the manager bring you water to your station and supply if you run out ", " Good benefit and great workplace. Not too many things to drink and eat. Need work on-call rotation with a pager. Have a little party every Friday afternoon. Ping-pang table and billiards table available. ", " Great company to work for, the benefits are very good. The hardest part of the job is nothing really overall I love it. The management is okay I guess you'll meet some managers whos isn't so kind and understanding but that's on any job. ", " I enjoy working for Amazon I work 4/10s and 3 days off. They have great benefits, have fun, make history, and work hard is our moto. The hardest part working here during October-December we are working 60s a week and having 1 day off is hard especially during the holidays you don't get to spend time with your family who comes into town. The most enjoyable part of the job is the people you work with. ", " I enjoyed my time at Amazon and would have liked a full time job but the traveling become a problem and getting to work was a problem  but would recommend it to anyone ", " Great benefits but they work you very hard. They change mangers often. Very short breaks and long distances to get to break rooms. A lot of favoritism. ", " I worked as seasonal fulfillment associate in amazon fulfillment center under new year peak. It was my first job in the united state.I like that it was challenging and cool.I made my first friend's in U.S. I also learn how to do multitasking and how to be accurate and fast to meet the deadline in season time. ", " Typical day was very early starts however once there the hours flew passed. The daily hours were between 7 - 12 hours a day. Learned how to micromanage my time very quickly. Really enjoyed my time and wish I could have stayed longer. ", " There are a lot of different jobs within the company, most of which are repetitive. You can kind of shut off your brain and just do the work, so there's a lot of time to think or hum to yourself.I personally loved working for Amazon. It is one of those jobs that you either really love or really don't. I made a game out of seeing how fast I could go while still being accurate. ", " Long work days, sometimes 11 hours a day. Mandatory overtime almost 3 times a month. As a student, it is very hard to balance work and school life. Advancement is hardly encouraged, very unorganized management team. ", " You would come in, scan your badge to sign-in and get right to work. The work shift was only 4 hours so you only got a lunch break. I can't remember the exact length of time, but it was 45 minutes+. During the day shift they were very strict that you make it back to your station on time. After the time that is left, you most likely will flex up an hour so you end up working until 5pm. Then you clock out and go home. ", " With a customer obsessed corporate culture, AMAZON.com provides each employee the opportunity to \"own it\" and take charge of their individual employment horizon. ", " Real smooth work place, easy going and fast paced, very understandable and can catch on easy. Management was not too bad could have been more organized and respectful. ", " 12 hour shifts short breaks and a lot of overtime, it is a lot of hard manual labor so the pay is decent but 12 hour shifts give you no time for anything other than a quick meal and bed before going back to slave all day ", " My experience with Amazon Fulfillment Center as a place to work is that the job condition varies greatly depending on the position. When I was working on the shipping dock, work went well and relied on personal performance as well as team effort. When I worked as a picker work needed to be done at an almost frantic pace, was a completely solitary effort, and I noticed a high employee turnover rate as the slower employees' were replaced. Also when I spoke to other employees' about how they felt about their jobs in other departments, opinions varied greatly.   Amazon encourages and emphasizes a healthy employee/management relationship. Employee's are reminded daily to bring and concerns or questions to their team leaders or HR if necessary. There is a clinic onsite to treat injuries as well.  The most enjoyable part of the job aside from the paycheck would probably be company sponsored events. During holidays or to celebrate special occasions or just because, events are held to encourage a fun workplace. ", " Depending on daily orders, sometimes it might be really busy and sometimes its a normal work day. It actually prepare one for future challenge and imbibe team work in workers. Its all fun at work place. ", " Enter picking, packing and loading information into the predefined amazon database. Report any errors in product selection and quantity to the supervisor immediately. ", " Communative environment, fast paced, goal oriented. The crews and staff are extremely courteous and helpful. All crews and staff function almost as a single cohesive unit. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon was Tough and very Fun. But very strict at the same time, Long hours and Acceptable pay was motivating along with the additional days off helped. ", " Committed to analyzing production costs and conducting extensive testing to determine the feasibility of engineering specifications. ", " Working at amazon is very stressful mentally and physically. You are harshly graded on your productivity and forced to meet their unreasonable standards. You have very little off days for holidays. the only holiday that we are off for is Christmas day. Management is crossed, restrictive and shows an immense amount of favoritism. The only upside to working here is that they have a set schedule and it is a good backup plan because they do hire everyone. It is not difficult at all to get a job here and they pay a good amount to not have any credentials but there is a reason why because they will work you like a slave no doubt. ", " This job is somewhat easy, the hours are okay. The one unfair thing is they take time away from your Unpaid Time Off if you can't stay past the time you're scheduled to. ", " Amazon is a very demanding job. Its hard to keep up and had a lot of inside politics. It's a good place to make money because you get paid weekly. ", " Picking  Packing Sorting Stocking RF scanner Electric pallet jack. Tote count Problem solving  Ambassador Loading Unloading Goal rates Team work Culture   Amazon taught me everything. ", " Fast pace place with very friendly people. They help you a lot by keeping you on track or how you are doing through the the day. Hardest part is being on your feet 11 and a half hours. ", " Working for amazon was an ok experience. I worked for them as a Temp and I must say that i enjoyed it. It has it perks, I was able to be certified on Forklift.. but i wish they would would treat their temp associates better. ", " I learned how hard and fast you really have to work for warehouses especially for amazon because a lot people order from them. ", " Amazing pay, amazing people, amazing experience. its hard work but its so worth the pay at the end of the week. The training is very good and helpful and helps you do your work easily. ", " I walk nearly 5 miles a day working with many people. I learned how to multicast effectively. I've helped manage people when the area manager wasn't present. A large variety of culture that is supported and cherished by all. The most difficult part of the job was long overtime overs. The most enjoyable is the people I work with, ", " I worked with a brilliant team, we helped each other. The job demands are very high as you will be always on the go. It is a place with lots of opportunity to learn and develop. ", " A typical day at work usually starts out with a briefing of the days production volume, then we exercise and stretch out. Workplace culture is work hard, have fun and make history. Management is great with making themselves available at all times and will listen to your concerns. What I learned is if you work hard you will be rewarded and the hardest part of the job is when other people don't pull there weight. But, overall it's the BEST company I have been apart of in the past decade. GREAT COMPANY!!!! ", " just wish had a branch in Bolton and was close to home and it was permanent like there shift 4 on 3 days of good atmosphere and a friendly environment. ", " Its a great job you get to learn more about the city and you learn new things. It keeps you on your feet and in great shape. the hours of kinds long depending on the route. ", " i start working in december in amazon, only for a month, in picking.  they teach us what we need do to and how, what its the best way to do it, what we should do if anything happens. the normal process.  it was a nice experience but for a company like amazon i think they should have better organization. ", " working for the company was good but the company only  I only worked for the company for Christmas. But I worked until I got the job done ", " I did not like working for them they were a new facility and they did not know what they were doing. I would go back if I knew that they had worked out all of the kinks in the system ", " Amazon is good place to work.If you plan on being there for a while to become one of the big bosses &amp; want to move up in the company, then get ready to travel. Every quarter you get 30 Hours UPT (unpaid time off). Don't feel like going to work? Use your UPT for the day, but remember you only get 30 hours every quarter. One part time work day is 4 hours. ", " Having to walk all around and up and down stairs to find a certain shelf with certain items. The day goes by really fast because you never stop moving "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Peak season of 60+hrs.  Management lacked good communication skills which made job training difficult.   Lack of advancement for other possible positions. ", " an overall fun environment with many interesting and new people. a very safe place to work with safety employees walking around making sure everyone is safe and doing there job to keep their body safe ", " I worked from home. but was very easy to get hours to work as you had to fight for the hours with other workers.I was not going anywhere in the company but the pay was good and the help was always there for you when you needed help. ", " I really enjoyed working for Amazon while my brief time there. It's definitely a company I would recommend for consideration to work. Very safe and productive atmosphere to work in. ", " The people and environment are very casual you can wear shorts to work. You get two paid breaks for fifteen minutes. The hours are really long. Managers are really hard on you about productivity. ", " lots and lots of pressure from upper management to meet \"unnecessary\" quotas the procedures make it seem as if you are only a number, and not a valued employee. ", " The work was difficult, but the pay was good and I had fun with the other associates that I worked with. I didn't have much of any problems at work. Management was pretty nice too. Some of the people were rude, but overall it wasn't too bad. ", " Not a nice place to work, they don't care about employees needs Youre not allowed to talk just work no fun and no play work work work I want to change jobs because am unhappy there ", " Amazon is a great place to get a start in working and have fun while getting paid. Fast paced and can learn different jobs to do. Everyone gets along. ", " Make sure the drivers get out in time to the UTR agreement.  The job can be very stressful but you are helped as much as possible.  Its a high turn over of employees which doesnt make sense.  You meet some good people. ", " When i worked in amazon it was a nice company to work for and always kept busy  The hardest part of the job was keeping on your feet for couple of hours  i mostly enjoyed working down amazon it kept me busy ", " Very productive and fun workplace with ping-pong table and great work-life balance Job work-life balance was excellent Compensation and benefits were excellent ", " Amazon is a good company. People are friendly and easy to work with. They provide a good work environment and so many activities such as free days, thanks giving Day and more.... ", " Typical shareholder driven company.  Does not care about its employees, shady contracts, drivers are penalized for dishonest customers and thieves in the neighborhood.  VERY disorganized with on the spot changes in policies.  Managers are inexperienced in logistics. Sit at a computer screen all day and operate using data.  No customer experience, poor employee relationship skills.  I would not recommend working for Amazon. Stay away!! ", " When I first started it was a great place to work good pay and great benefits the only thing is now they want to make it like you don't have a life outside of work. Some of the superviser are jerk to the employees and change stuff up on them without telling them what they have change then start writting people up for it. So if you want to work for ok pay and great benefits then I would recommend Amazon other than that I wouldn't go to them or at less the one over in jeffersonville IN. ", " Work hard get rewards and results. Slack off then enjoy the write-ups. I have been able to advance my career by being willing to bust my butt. They offer tons of overtime and give plenty off time off. ", " Amazon is a very great job it pays good in have very good benefits it's a good workout every day you got to work you meet a whole lot of new people all types of people ", " Better management Good methods of operations Satisfying salary Accessible Easy to go and come back home Good staff  Supervisors and other officials very co-operative Enjoyed this job Comfortable environment ", " i have worked at amazon for a year, and when i got pregnant they let me change positions and also my shifts they work with you when you have school and also childcare needs, they come with good benefits and excellent pay i will reconsider going back in the future. ", " Overall good atmosphere. Associate engagement and reward system in place however not properly structured. Middle level management is left to handle performance issues with minimal support from upper management. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I Love it...!! Its an awesome olac6e to work. It is very past paced. The staff is very helpful and patience.  The first three weeks are the hardest on you, but you just have to push through. Working here at amazon is very rewarding. ", " Busy and professional  Nice co-workers  Learning new things everyday  Set your own goal  No health benefit  Casual dress code  Respectable customer  No insurance coverage ", " Long 10hr days of standing on your feet as well as very strict and regimented work day. Quotas are enforced to keep processing up. They do not mess around with breaks and being back at your assigned areas on time. ", " I am still working in Amazon and it is a good job especially for a few months but it is not a long term type of job, it doesn't have as much aspiration that other jobs can provide. ", " A typical night meet at stand up area answer safety questions talk about the night volume . Learned new things when you move to different areas of the warehouse. Learned how use pallet jack ", " Good benefits comes with headaches from management production is alright to work with with the right management. Expect a high turnover rate with production managers. ", " its great pay but you will sacrafice your social life th breaks at to short for 10 hours shifts no need to let the pack employees sit  from time to time ", " great benefits but stressful work environment also no availability for first shift managers are helpful HR department not very organized  confusion on getting my badge activated ", " I had a fun time working for Amazon and lots of professional growth, but the culture there sometimes is unbearable and completely unfair. I would recompensed working there but not for a life long experience. ", " If you are willing to work hard, this is a fast paced environment rewarded with good pay and great benefits. Leadership has a willingness to feed in to and grow their associates who desire to grow themselves as leaders. Variety of people to learn from through a vast difference of life experiences. Great team to work with from all departments. ", " is a nice and fun place to work.... amazon is big company has good people works with.... at warehouse lot works to do or has so many departements like some do pecking or stowing or packing  item return..... with with coworker we become like family ", " If you kiss butt a lot can move up. If you call out managers on their wrong doing you get targeted to be fired. Positions are all political. Will get passed over if not correct gender or race.Do not care if you are a veteran that has many skills or management experience. They want workers that keep mouth shut do as thier told and make metrics. ", " you have to work under pressure, you have time limits, your progress have been checked and you must avoid errors. If you do errors 2 weeks in a row they just release you, no matter if you are at training. The hardest part at receiving dept is that you stand still 10 hours without moving at all (except breaks). Free drinks and free parking. Close to train station. ", " good job hard but worth it decent managers and diverse employees which makes it a warm place to work good Taking delivery of goods and supplies, checking for damaged or missing items  Storing goods, moving stock around by hand, using lifting gear or a forklift truck  Picking and packing orders ", " A good company to work at in general. Loved getting to know new people and learning about the online retail  e-commerce industry.   I also liked the experiences of speaking and chatting with Americans They are very friendly in general.  The hardest part of the job was speaking to folks on the eastern side as they always challenging. ", " It's a decent environment to work in, mostly straightforward; if you find a decent group to work with, it'll be a good experience. Personal recommendation, just try to get out of Pallet Land ASAP. ", " Overall I like working at amazon. Hours are great especially if your going to school like I am. Co-workers are nice and easy to talk to. You can move up by showing how hard you work. Benefits are good and not a tiring job. ", " Easy job, but poor leadership guidance and management. Great flexible hours, pay could be a lot better for how large the company is.  If pay and discount was increased would be a better postion. ", " Cool and fun place to work at. Very fast paced. Nice people. If you're physically fit then it's the right job for you. 10 hours a day and you get two 15 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunch break. Very excluded from your family (if you're around them all the time) ", " Have a good day everyday learned alot management is pretty good the hardest part of the job is keeping rate but out of everything you meet alot of friendly faces "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " freindly enviornment 3 breaks constantly working managers supervisors and staff really seem to care learn how to operate cp pallet jacks amazon system hardestpart is standing on your feet everything else can be easy ", " He drove a forklift truck which was causing me big joy. each employee was nice for yourself. everyone was helpful for everyone ", " i love walking there its easy and fun. they have so many different types of positions. i wouldn't mind going back.but they also have to many rules.the coworkers and management is nice and easy to get along with. ", " it is a productive place to work but the managers are not friendly, they only care about quantity over quality, they managers and PAs play favoritism. ", " Amazon is a great place to work. I am always learning new management skills everyday. The hardest part of working at Amazon is certain parts of the year the over time work and life balance. Over all I enjoy working here everyday. ", " The management is terrible. Lack of communication.They have no respect for their employees.Hr is a joke they never no anything ", " I was hired as a VCC was told I was doing fine my  nrr hundred percent above what was required....I  made a mistake I mentioning I was a three-time cancer survivor to my supervisor during a one-on-one chat and a week later I was let go stating that my productivity was down which is ridiculous because I was taking calls as fast as they were getting to me.... they were asking for people to take voluntary time off all the time because they didn't have the call load they expected. now it's been 10 days since my last day and I still haven't been paid oh and I was told I'd get a bonus but on my last day on the job they gave me a verbal and a written warning for something that happened when I was in training weeks and months ago on my last day and taking away the bonus so yes they lie to their employees they misrepresent themselves and if you're over 50 and have any past health issues don't let them know management might seem nice but they have Two-Face the worst of all was..... I told my management about my cancer because I was telling her how great it was to work for a company again giving me a  some thing to be part of after nine years of fighting  cancerand finally getting over cancer when u fight cancer that long it tends to own working there was really great .... almost like she laughed inside and then took it away.  Because up to  that point I was given the impression that I was being considered for a permanent, It's like the moment I was honest .. the company's additude instantly changed... ", " I love the company. The people and the benefits. Working with the company has helped me build my body strength and showed me proper ways of lifting and stretching. ", " Great management and training provided at amazon warehouses. Great salary and benefits as well. Although the work is not easy - show your best and you'll be spotted and rewarded! ", " Really flexible and consistent environment. Great co workers and managers just all around outstanding place to work. I wish I could work their again while in college, because the opportunity would be honorable. ", " Great work environment. Room for advancement and to learn other jobs. Its really neat to see how all of the positions work together to fulfill one role, to provide exemplary customer service around the globe. ", " fairly enjoyble workplace. Worked through an agency here and as such, seemed to feel a little distanced from the regular staff employed by amazon. Paid well and good benefits. ", " Very fast paced environment but all of the leaders are very helpful and understanding. Rates are to be met but if you're not meeting them, they will try to help you improve. The health benefits are among the best that I've seen ", " Overall, I enjoyed my time at amazon! I've advanced so much mechanically, I became a lot more detailed oriented, and well rounded in trouble shooting procedures and general protocol.  I was trained on 10 different pieces of power industrialized trucks and learned how to keep inventory of parts, and tools.  Management was not the greatest in my department specifically, however, i enjoyed my job and that was most important! ", " Amazon provides knowledge of working in a warehouse environment, as well as cross training to learn new skills in the different departments. ", " It's a good place good people if you aren't lazy. Lots of people complain about it but it's not hard if you do it and the pays good. You'll always know what to expect walking in everyday. ", " Management was focused on productivity numbers. Quality of work performed was secondary to volume of packages handled. Management were visible but did not engage employees. In morning briefings they touted lofty goal numbers but failed to explain how it related to employee performance. ", " Better to be working 10 hours per day, every employee should work a week in each section, assign employee to where he/she is more productive. Most of My co-workers had the same view with me. the job was very interesting. The hardest time is when you are being sent to pick just one item in part M from the 4th floor. ", " Amazon is a great company to work for and it is easy to advance in the company. Amazon also has amazing benefits for there employees and there families. ", " Require seldom critical thinking, but require moderate to intensive physical labor. Pay is well, and environment is very calm and slow for the most part. Amazon will practically hire anyone, so a great place if in dire need of a job. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon has challenged me daily and has helped me develop as not only an associate but as a person. Amazon has pushed me to learn how to grow and express myself. Amazon has given me the option to allow myself to advance and explore career opportunities. I love Amazon and can truly thank them for opening my eyes to what I am best at. Which is communicating with people and helping others with issues. ", " Amazon is a competitive based work environment. They have a \"trample the weak, hurdle the dead\", hire to fire, your job is your incentive mentality. You work with a lot of really awesome people and some not so awesome people, as with anywhere. If you survive, you learn some awesome leadership skills and how to work with others, how to talk to others, BUT you have to want it, work really hard for it, ask for it and hope that someone noticed how hard you work. Keep a positive attitude and you'll be fine. ", " Tedious, boring, dull, uninteresting, unexciting, wearisome, tiresome, repetitive, repetitious.. no consideration for work life balance.. Micro Management with a bully approach after initial training. It feels like you are owned ", " Amazon is not that bad of a place to work, I believe that it is for younger people because the fast pace and repetitive movements can take a toll on the body. That's why I had to leave I was have to many health issues. ", " Working at Amazon feels like an exciting oppertunity to begin with, free WIFI, free hot drinks, prize draws, this week we had a waffle and hot chocolate stall in the canteen, pool tables, ping pong tables, jukebox, arcade machines, and a reasonably priced canteen meal.  It felt exciting to be part of this massive company, and walking around the warehouse, one of the largest warehouses in the UK, you feel tiny!!. I am recruited by an Agency, and there are various different areas in which you can work, from picking items from the rackings, packing items, shipping, or pallet building.  Prepared for your feet to hurt as you spend all day on your feet. There are 2 15 min breaks and 1 30 min lunch break. Normal working day is around 10-11 hours. Management, although extremely busy are mostly helpful, and are easily approachable. ", " Having to work at amazon was an interesting work environment since there were multiple sections of the building that had different roles and there was always something to do. Giving the fact that I had a single station to work with, there were days where I was positioned somewhere else making the days that I work non-repeative. Always something new to learn and grow I would suggest this type of job to new employees that would call this place  their first job to understand the quality of productivity. The reason why I recommend this is because over time if they stay there long enough from 1 to 5 years they already have their benefits and advancement of growth an experience. ", " dress properly and wear some comfortable shoes it goes by fast some night better than other weekly pay and other benefits offered. great place easy to catch on not to hard ", " Great Customer Service Skills  Team oriented  Motivation skills  Desire to learn and trained Willingness to take responsibility   Flexibility  Dependability \uf076Positive work ", " Many opportunities are available if you are willing to work and participate.  Rapid growth with opportunities for advancement, especially is ==f willing to relocate. ", " When you show up you have to leave everything in your locker and walk through a metal detector.There is a meeting and stretching before every shift and after lunch. Once the meeting is done you go get your order picker and basket and start picking your orders. You get 15 minutes breaks that begin when you leave your order picker. By the time your 15 minutes is up you are required to already be in your order picker and strapped up. Your 15 minute break ends up being about 7 minutes, even less if you have to use the restroom. The shifts are 12 hours long, which make it hard to spend time with your family or get much done through out your day. ", " An opportunity to be at the cutting edge of e-commerce. Learned a lot and enjoyed working with top class colleagues. Great place for someone looking to develop specific knowledge expertise. ", " Amazon at Christmas time is booming in the warehouse with light and Christmas decorations and fun incentives for all employees. It is a fun pace to work. ", " This is only a side gig, paid $10/review. Looking for something more full or part time. I would work at this gig in addition to a more serious job that has more stability. ", " then get rid of you.  atypical work day barely any work management was unprofessional co workers were to busy worried about everything but the job the hardest part of the job its pretty easy   the recognition ", " Good place to work. Long hours, short breaks, decent pay. The managers are nice. Co workers can be hard to work with. The hours are set until you have worked 90days. ", " This is basically High School all over again folks. You work around 10+45 people at any given time with the age range of 18-25 year olds predominately there so keep your head down at first, know who to talk to and who to stay away from. Managers are a joke, if you work and don't talk a whole lot you'll blend in and be okay. Only the Sort Warehouses in my opinion are worth working at. Those ones won't fire you because you didn't hit the expected rate, although they do check for that. Sort Warehouses are only part time though, and if you want full time there you'll have to have some kind of degree. Some people use this job as if it was eHarmony. Don't get caught up. Don't get played. This is good first job, just be street smart. ", " great place to work, I've been with amazon for about 6 months now and it's giving me the opportunity to focus on my school. Very flexible and easy Job to do. ", " have already rated this company before -- dont know if there is an issue with your system - or what reason why they would ask me a second time to evaluate this company -- is a warehouse - plain and simple ", " Normally the days are long and repetitive, few managers have actually  experienced what they supervise; I've always enjoyed meeting new people but if you like working with zombies and sheeple this is probably the ideal job for you. The best part of the job and probably the only thing keeping a lot of people there is the benefits, What ive learned...you can have 4 years of college and still be out smarted by a nobody. ", " my day of work their was always something new such as learning something new or moving on up. The hardest thing about my job was running back and forth from place to place. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Completely hated working here. Long hours, high hourly targets, management don't care about you only want you to work faster. No care for safety or the individual just work faster make Amazon rich. ", " Amazon is a very fast paced place to work and it included a lot walking around the entire facility.  The hours are long, but the money is worth it.  This job gives its employees a certain amount of hours to be used as paid leave, unpaid leave, and vacation.  They give a fair warning that once your unpaid time goes into the negative, those are grounds for termination, so BE CAREFUL.  I think that this job is actually really good for people that have the stamina to stay alert for hours at a time to do this job.  I actually liked being a part of this distribution center. ", " Self employed i did not work for Amazon. i worked as an  independent seller utilizing amazon;s platform for product sales. The job is what  you make it. What you put in is that you get out. There are fees. there are 2 categories a seller can fall into. you can work as an independent seller and avoid the monthly fee but have to pay out of pocket for everything. then theres the FBA seller \" fulfilled by Amazon, here you pay monthly fee but in turn your items become \"prime items\" and amazon you mail all goods to amazon, they distribute the items and they handle the customer service end of it including shipping and returns. ", " Very diverse and fun people. The work is very physical and hard labor. Management is good to you if you show that you are a hard worker. ", " Manual  hard labor. Very demanding but I made good money .The hours were long .Nice team , great management.Nice promotions and great holiday pay..... ", " So I love my job at amazon. But the management of the company is horrible. The managers take all the credit for your hard work. They have the hr people at their beck and call so when you have issues the hr peoplel don't really care they just send you back to the managers. The job is a great one and I love it. Just wish amazon had more care for it's workers rather then making money. ", " Not much to say. It is like any other walmart. Paying you very little and expecting you to do a lot. I worked overnight as a stocker. I got a dollar extra but 5 dollars worth of more work ", " You have to have the ability to work successfully in stressful situations. Working varying shifts including holidays, and weekends. Physically demanding and standing and /or walking for an least 8 hours. ", " hard work puts you to the test friendly people and the job keeps you motivated so does the workers there they have high expectations for you. ", " I got good experience to work in a different groups of peoples, to cooperate with the different departments. There was free bus to pick up and drop up. various kinds of activities in the New years. you have your own schedule of work, you need to work one month day shift and one month night shift. To work in a warehouse where there is all the daily life products from A to Z.Being a foreigner i get good cooperation with the Czech peoples and it was a nice experience in Life to work in Amazon a worlds leading company. ", " Amazon is a great place to work with many opportunities. We are growing exponentially and we have no limits where we will go. We are always trying to innovate and become the best at any task set forward to be the most competitive and customer obsessed  company in the world. ", " Amazon taught me a lot about how hard jobs can be, especially warehouse jobs. But it taught me skills I can use at my next job. Working there was both positive and negative. ", " As a Fullfillment Associate it allows me to fullfill orders for customers and I like that feeling of accomplishment. The benefits provided to employees well exceed those of other companies providing the same service. ", " Amazon was a great company to work, and I  was sad to go. I had to leave because I needed a place closer or easier to get to than Joliet. I currently have no car. Amazon taught me a lot about myself and how to work very hard under pressure. ", " I really enjoyed working on behalf of Amazon.co.uk  The job was brilliant, even the 5:30am wake up calls to get onto site before 7am for loading on the parcels. The customers where generally a happy bunch, even when a problem had arose the ways of dealing with the situations where simple and easy to follow to resolve the situations. My only problem was my supervisor as they where on a major power trip, they never took into consideration employee problems or misunderstandings unless they where personal friends of theirs, this made for very awkward morning briefings and giving advise on how a service could be improved to help the customer. ", " Amazon is a great place to work for IT. We are treated with some respect to a degree but as all places favorites pop up and you got to be quick. Taking things to a new level and taking ownership is a big key to many of Amazon's beliefs. ", " Enjoyed working for Amazon but didn't agree with the management plan and only having the chance for overtime at Christmas and not being able to advance in the company as it capped for anyone who hasn't got a degree or if the management team wouldn't let you progress ", " Terrible management, unreachable and unrealistic expectations and targets that you must hit or you get points which means you get terminated, without any warning. ", " Upper management at Amazon has NO regard for any of their employees, they DO NOT care about your wellbeing no matter how much they say they do, they have unrealistic standards, no way to move up in the company unless you are a butt kisser, THEY OVER WORK ALL THEIR EMPLOYEES! You NEVER know if you can lose your job today or tomorrow. NOBODY KNOWS ANYTHING, EVERYBODY GIVES YOU THE RUN AROUND! ", " disrespectful agency staff. very enjoyable though alot of moving twisting manual handing skills alot of walking you could walk up to 12 miles in one night "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a place that gives a chance to anyone who is looking forward  to get a job quickly and be able to earn their living.It is also a place where people communicate a lot and a place where one can lear a lot! ", " Company has high expectations. Give it your all and this company will take care of you. 4 10 hour days, 3 days off. Not too many companies go out of there way for you. Thank you Amazon ", " The place has a great work environment, great management, the work is physical, related to walking or standing at one place, lifting heavy things, but thanks to all the safety measures the percentage of incidents is taken to minimum. ", " Great benefits but they work you very hard. They change mangers often. Very short breaks and long distances to get to break rooms. A lot of favoritism. ", " Sink or swim while getting paid minimum wage. Be prepared to give lots of blood, sweat, and tears before moving to a more desirable position. ", " driving is a passion for me, I have great experience in firefighting and fire prevention. Delivery work they do for amazon have acquired a great experience in driving, are well acquainted with the routes it has Amazon. ", " Kiss your work life balance goodbye. Working 14 hours a day is the norm here. Breaks are discouraged. Management is a top down blame game. Coworkers are helping you get through your day, if they are not too busy trying to out compete you. ", " Amazon is a difficult place to work. My job was not stable you never new if you were going to have a job then next day. The management was very poor. They would always run out of equipment and you would have to figure out how to do your job with out your tool. Co-workers were very plesant, we would all try to keep a positive attitude and be up beat. Working at Amazon I learned a lot. I have learned how work threw difficult time in a work environment and how to suck it up and work with whom ever you may have to work with. Long hours and hard work is a lot easier with a positive attitude. ", " It was nice when you first start, but when you are there nearly twelve hours and only get an hour in breaks total. Then you work super hard all the time day in and out, and one day you don't meet your numbers they make a big deal about it. you have to stand the whole time even if there is no work. No room for advancement unless you are military background it seems. ", " i worked at amazon and in all the time i was there i enjoyed the job as a whole no issues easy to communicate with all staff being your own boss out on the road and feeling of satisfaction on a daily basis ", " I have enjoyed my time at the Amazon Fulfillment Center and have worked with alot of great people. Fast-paced environment where you must meet your deadlines and be able to produce great results. ", " fun work place,meeting new people from all backgrounds and culters .learnig how to use hand held scanners also getting to know how a warehouse operates from receiving goods,picking,packing,and shipping to the customer ", " I liked working for amazon but the management was poor they did not show any care for the employees. The pace of work was to over whelming and required too much. I wish I had another position over all. ", " Amazon is ultra competitive. Leaves you always watching your back. It's a must to always strive to be better than the person next to you. Creates great products but leaves you always watching your back. ", " you work to the bone, but you are well compensated for your time. Plenty of advancement to be had as long as you are willing to sacrifice your time for it. all in all it's  great place to be. ", " I have worked for amazon for 18 months on the PM shift.   A typical day at work would be first find out how the Morning had gone if all vehicles have left for there delivers on time then read all email's to start the working day and then problem solve.  I have learned a great deal working with word and excel and pivot tables and dealing with our customers and delivery drivers.  management are relaxed and helpful.  the hardest part of my job is making sure the customers are happy with their deliveries, in a customer obsession workplace .  the most enjoyable part of my job is getting it right with our customers and helping them to get their  product to them quickly and on time.  I have great work colleagues and we do try and have fun at work while looking after our customers needs. ", " I really loved working at PHX 7 it was really fun I loved the challenge in making rate I left work every day challengeing my self to make rate I had a blast their and would love the opportunity to go back. I ", " This was the first factory job I've worked at supervising. Very fast paced and stressful at all times. I enjoyed my position but did not enjoy the way management treated all of their employees. No one took the time to learn any of our names and treated us like work horses and not people. ", " Great company to work for, the benefits are very good. The hardest part of the job is nothing really overall I love it. The management is okay I guess you'll meet some managers whos isn't so kind and understanding but that's on any job. ", " amazon is a friendly place to work, the work ethic is hard with lots of targets to hit to be able to stay in the role for any legth of time, but if you are willing to work hard it can be beneficial. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I enjoy working, Not only do I enjoy it, but like many people I have to work. At Amazon I learned a lot of things, especially about computers. My team leadership was very nice and compassionate for those of us that were not computer savvy. I enjoyed my co-workers at Amazon and made a lot of new friends. ", " Amazon can either be the best place for someone to work, or the worst. It all depends on who your manager is, and how they interact with associates. Also, it is a move up or move out employment opportunity. Meaning, that your pay will be capped at a certain amount depending on where you work (pay is based on regional cost of living and how competitors pay their employees). Also, be prepared to interview for every promotion you apply for, as they use the STAR (Situation, Task, Action, Result) method of interviews. ", " This is a large company easy work but constant moving and walking. The company isn't as open to certain workers as the temp agencies like the lead on. ", " Co workers are friendly, enjoyed meeting new people. work load was not hard, but boring at times. Lots of mandatory overtime during holidays, Benefits are good pay was ok, ", " Though I dont quiet remember my time at amazon what I do remember was how friendly and welcoming the staff was. I'm a hard worker and do my job to the  best of my ability. ", " Worst job I've ever had , don't recommend this job to no one . Pay was good but they didn't calculate right and checks were short constantly, unprofessional in some areas and they lie to save they're behind . ", " not a good place unless you can get out of tier 1 to tier 3  need a Bachelors degree to advance  management rued  enjoyed workout ", " Every morning when we would clock in we would all huddle up with the rest of our department to stretch and talk about what's going on with our department. Then we would get our scanners and head to our designated lines. We would grab boxes or totes that would come down a large conveyer belt, scan the box or tote and the location of where it's going, and proceed to build a pallet. Management would come around every so often to check what's happening on the floor. ", " its a good place to work for beginners its a fast moving place and with a lot of challenges with you need to work hard for a long time to make it there on top ", " Long shifts and routine jobs make it slightly difficult to get acclimated. The pay and benefits make it worth every second of your time. Since the facility has so many employees you get the opportunity to be more independent than most jobs. ", " 10/10 would go back to work again! The managers were always very nice giving you the help you needed and always making you feel comfortable working. If you understand the side of the company this is a good job to have! ", " Does not do enough except the benefits which are the best thing this company has to offer. other then that noooooo I would not recommend for anyone. Just my thought. ", " Each day was a fairly typical day for a distribution center job, you would go to receive your position and work for about two and a half hours before each break. Management was always nearby to help if you ever had any issues with anything. If you were lucky you could spend the whole day near by a friend, but as for everyone as a whole most everyone was pretty friendly. I'd have to say the hardest part of the job was the 3 hour period after the second break as I would usually be drained of energy at that point in the day. ", " 10 Hour days with guaranteed 40 hour weeks, not to mention starting out at $12.00 an hour. I honestly had a pretty positive experience with Amazon. The only problem really was lack of communication between HR and Management. Also the physical strain that comes with the job. ", " Long hours 10-11 hour shifts, all physical unless you are working in HR or Amcare. Easy to get write up even when you are new. Management needs a lot of work. Best thing is the benefits dental, vision, and healthcare are what keep people there and also the 4 day schedule. ", " First i had to travel, then waited around for an hour, then loaded my van for the round  i was going too   then i did the deliveries on my round all though some varied. deliveries done ,back to the depot with the bags then back home ,sometimes i did moonlighting , \" some extra work\" ,  I learnt take my time, follow the sat-nav properly, not to miss a turn  find the correct addresses,  Thus a achieved and i was not willing to compromise, when meeting my fellow co workers on their rounds,  People who were out,  neighbours who did not take parcels, places  that were Un-accessable and hard to find in the dark as well , the weather, the hours sometimes anti-social.   going home, job done, parcels delivered, bags drop off, having the van, ", " All incidents, accidents and medical emergencies to law enforcement are reported whilst at the same time resolving customer complaints on de-brief desk. ", " Customer obsessed warehouse but management motivate employees and alot of changes for advancement. Other associates make work fun for the most part the warehouse is made up of young associates. ", " This was the worse job i ever had...Management was terrible respect was the last in their list..Open door policy..BS..mandatory OT..for no reason at all..and ince they got you there..They would VTO you..not to mention they were so unorganized there were times when i would go in and they wouldnt have anywhere for me to work..it would be kik 20 -30 ppl that wasnt places..and as far as moving up...ha! Never u had to be a favorite or special..they would pass up a great candidate just to give a position to there friend..i would say the Only good thing was the giveaways during the holidays.. ", " Great place to work but the training is needing to be revamped and to be put in actual scenarios.  Training should be updated to go along with all situations you may encounter. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " if you are sick and bring in a doctors note to be excused, they will not accept it. you are only allowed sick time that given to you. ", " The management constantly changed leaving little to no guidance for the employees. The opportunity to move up in the company was based more on who you knew as opposed to the work that was produced. ", " I was working at Amazon in stow department and i find it easy in fun it was at Christmas time and now im trying to find any job if it available if it is available thanx. ", " good working enviroment in leeds branch. good working ethics. office staff are helpfull. hours are not very consistent but it worth working for. flexibility is needed and alot of the work is concentrated on the weekend. ", " Benefits were good but did not look at your strong points or your concerns very unsafe place to work and very unclean. There were rates the same rates for everyone so 50 year old were compared to 20 year old ...not fair ", " overall the job was demanding. some departments more demanding than others. The job work/life balance was difficult. long hours somewhat underpaid for a supervisor job. difficult to get in touch with HR. ", " got along with all my co-workers, but being on the order picker you have to watch out for other drivers and pickers around you. some would not watch where they was going. it was pretty easy and also had to be fast. ", " Real smooth work place, easy going and fast paced, very understandable and can catch on easy. Management was not too bad could have been more organized and respectful. ", " Good benefit and great workplace. Not too many things to drink and eat. Need work on-call rotation with a pager. Have a little party every Friday afternoon. Ping-pang table and billiards table available. ", " Warehouse associates are over-worked and under-paid! Corporate office is apathetic about our needs!  Unable to get help from our local HR team. ", "  \tAssisted customers to find the desired product requested. It may be through assisting the sale floors along with placing online orders when required.  \tAnswered incoming calls and called other stores when required.  \tPacked up material that was being sent to another store or placed in storage. ", " A typical day at work was very hectic.learned to work under pressure.managent encouraged workers.multicultural behaviours around.runnings and workings ", " The management and co-workers were great to work with. The management noticed ones potential and abilities. The work was fast passed but the environment was very laid back. ", " No room for growth.  Management is weak because they do not make decisions.  Management asks associates for feedback and disregards there opinions on the process. ", " the Manager only come about getting numbers and tey6 really don't care about their associates.  The HR department is very rude  and always has attitudes when it come to helping the associate ", " Managers do a monthly meeting to let everyone know how's things are going as a building and as a whole company informing them of new and exciting things to come for employees and customers. They hand out tshirts exclusive to employees. They celebrate birthdays by having birthday lunches each month. Hey run competitions to help boost production with cool prizes like gift cards. Benefits are nice they give you stock that after a certain period of time with the company  becomes yours. Peak hours are rough but the pay is worth it. Most managers and supervisors care about their employees by pushing you to advance but in my department they played favorites. That isn't true for all departments but for mine it was. It made it hard to advance. They would only let certain people train for the next position. If you know somebody you're good but if someone doesn't like you you're screwed. ", " I worked with a brilliant team, we helped each other. The job demands are very high as you will be always on the go. It is a place with lots of opportunity to learn and develop. ", " not one of the best places to work for unless you don't mind working everyday from 8am to 9pm as they'll give you the most parcels they can with the worst delivery route ever.I worked 3 days with them but never again as they're not very helpful at all when a problem does arise not to mention these robbers didn't pay me either ", " 10 hours spent on your feet all day and constantly moving across an incredibly large three level warehouse describes a normal day.  Half of my coworkers did not want to be there and their lack of motivation or sense of doing things correctly ultimately made the job far more difficult to accomplish.  Management seems only to care about the numbers, nothing else.  Since speed of work is everything you better hope you don't run into a problem (there were always problems) since resolving it means you need to walk to a specific station and you also need to hope you aren't 5th in line. ", " It's hard to say because I was a temp and again Amazon had an assembly line process so a lot of times I had to wait for work. When the work came they timed you on how long it would take you to process the order and move on to the next person. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Good place for start. Before starting they make you induction and training as well ! The team is from different nationalities,and for me is a good point to learn something new and improve your experience ! The security in the yard  is very important so just for example if you don't have hivis and safety shoes you can't get access on the yard,so this mean even for you this place is very secure for working and enjoy ! About the stuff,they always try to be kind and responsible in case on event or something happen ! ", " Eat well and rest well in attempt to build your speed. Its a great place to get your financial needs under control. I really did love the position but some of my superiors were clearly not team players. ", " very safe and clean work environment. Very friendly staff. Clear division of work among various departments. And among all the pay rate for the job was excellant. ", " The facility is very high intensity and strong customer service oriented. The emphasis on critical times is strong and many associates not in leadership need encouragement in order to feel successful. Pay is nothing like the initial interview says. ", " Lots of nice and willing to help employees. Management is cool and understanding. Break is around 12 minutes long and everyone has a fair chance to try out different areas in the building. ", " It's a easy job no matter what department your in you will learn fast and move quickly. I learn something new everyday working with Amazon. My co-workers are great and easy to work with. ", " Great place to work with very good benefits. Hours are unorthodox. The job can be rewarding but exhausting. The pay level is not alignment with duties and responsibilities ", " This is a great job with good attitude and a lot of fun to be here. Never a dull day to be here with great attitude from the staff. ", " the place was ok the rules and regulations are a little messed up and ways that you can written up but over all its an ok place. ", " I recently worked and Amazon. The working environment was very large and fun. The co workers were awesome. The extra gifts u received during the holiday were a nice thing too. ", " There is never a dry eye at this place. Every minute in this warehouse counts so don't use the bathroom and also you might have to skip your break just to try and make rate. You never know when your last day is here. Don't get comfortable. ", " The pay is not enough.The Benefits are good.Have to.do silly exercises in the meetings.Must make their goal or your gone.the job is boring time drags on.the so called leaders are disrespectful.favoritism at its finest level.rude coworkers.terrible training.will hire anybody no interveiw,if you can pass drug test and background you got the job.there is a reason there is always a crowd of people at the door waiting for orientation because alot of people are let go or quit to find something better, always more newhires then workers that been there a while.....whats that tell you ", " Great hours reasonable breaks Great pay Opportunity for growth.Fast paced it makes time go by. If u want to further ur career there is help available. ", " Working as customer service at Amazon is difficult. There is alot of pressure put on agents to succeed in scenarios that might be almost impossible to succeed. It's also not a fun position but it pays ok for the expertise needed. ", " Overworked,underpaid for the amount of work they expect out of one person,Poor Communication,Poor Safety,Management Changes way too much causing issues for associates who get paid less but know so much more than the manager given.Amazon has issue hiring managers due to their College made backgrounds instead of their experience in the Management field. A typical day when working at Amazon you can expect to go in and be driven to work hard to in return feel very unappreciated. Amazon's biggest problem is their hiring standards have lowered so therefore any and everyone can get a job no matter the background or work ethics you carry. Their turn over rate their is ridiculous. I will say I did gain a lot of learning experiences working their dock as a Problem Solver/Freight Check In. Meeting lots of different faces and working with many different nationalities. ", " All lies They promise you. room to grow and after 2 months they let you go with a BS excuse. Especially the plant in Hawthorne. ", " Amazon was a very simple job to accomplish the management was terrible and the coworkers were nice and kind. I wouldn't mind working for this company again. ", " Management good New facilities lots of people hired young managers fresh ideas managers willing to help everything you need is on hand buys food for employees sometimes ", " Brilliant company, safety and discipline to get his target of operation. Positive people and brilliant enviroment to get involve into the wave to achieve the correct way of work. ", " bad management, not approachable with associates, communication problems.  Nice because you have the opportunity to work in an multicultural environment. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " working for amazon was the hardest but best job I've worked at, its a big place with a lot of people you can meet and connect to, the pay during pink season was the best. the hours where 10 hour shift with nice long breaks. I can amazon was my favorite job ", " If you are not right on your rate they will get rid of you. The employees are very nice but management can get very on the down side. Can NOT have a Drs note, and they will get onto you about it. Its a fast pace job, and you will walk several miles a day. You will definitely lose weight. Benefits are beyond what you could ask for. If you don't make rate, they will write you up. So its a good company to work for. ", " I would say it you like hard labor and don't mind long hours Amazon is the place to go. I personally worked overnight and long 10 hour days. In the Peak season (October through December) you can work up to 60 hours a week which can wear on the body mentally and physically. ", " Every morning before we were assigned to our designated working areas, the Supervisors made sure we all did our morning exercises and stretches to get us going in the morning. Even though we had a lot to do we were able to have fun while doing the job. There was a lot  of different people through out the warehouse it was guaranteed nobody was left behind or left out. 10 hour shift 3 days a week and offered some overtime. Vison/health/dental when hired fulltime. ", " its definitely a great opportunity to advance. they give you experience. I learned a lot while I was here. If your union you have job security. if your not you don't. ", " I learned more than packing and picking skills. the hardest part of the job is priority. I am a brilliant team worker and have experience working well with other people when playing in team \tfor sport .this has also helped to develop good communication skills. I am a fast learner and am happy to do any training needed for a job .I\u2019m flexible to working long hours and different shifts ", " My typical day was busy and pretty fast paced.  I could preform every task within my department well enough to consistently make rate and train others, so my manager used me as a floater and trainer a lot, based on business demands. I learned a lot about how to direct, encourage, problem solve, and team build among a very diverse group of individuals.  My supervisors and managers there are some of the best in the workforce.  I still have contact with almost every one of them. The hardest part of the job was by far the physical aspect and the long hours. With two young children, ten hour shifts are not ideal.  The only reason I stayed so long was for the great benefits and the people I worked with.  I was known as upbeat, positive, and encouraging, so it was easy to get along with all sorts of personality types. I had/have acquaintances in every department of the facility.  I keep in touch with at least a couple hundred via social media. ", " I had a wonderful job at Amazon. Then I got a new manager. Things went downhill from there until I was recently terminated with malice. So, don't try to do too much, go with the flow and don't be female if you want to be in management. ", " great place to work, long hours can be tough but once you adjust its not too bad, the work is hard and the hours are long but co-workers are extremely friendly ", " Amazon.com was a temporary job assignment that was very close to my previous place of residence. Although a somewhat productive work environment, in my personal opinion, Amazon cripples itself due to lack of communication between departments and also management. ", " A typical day started at 7:30am where you would be constantly on your feet until the minute you left at 6:00pm. Not enough time to enjoy your break. Laid people off when they had a bug or injured themselves. One person had torn a ligament in their leg but were made to work until the end of their shift. ", " Easy job, but poor leadership guidance and management. Great flexible hours, pay could be a lot better for how large the company is.  If pay and discount was increased would be a better postion. ", " a reg day at work is 10 hours they tough me how to be in the warehouse industry management is very nice the hard part is when u dont complet the job u get a point then thats bad, the best part of the job is  free free free free stuff ", " In my time working for Amazon.com I loved it. Great environment with typically good people across the board. From human resources to the supervisor's, they were all there when you needed something.A typical work day consisted of coming in, finding your name on the labor tracking board (changes daily) signing off that you're there, doing our stretches together and than hitting the floor. Job positions varied from being a scanner on any line A-F, being in inbound offloading the trucks, operating the gaylord dumper and lastly would be on the sort slide, sorting each piece of mail by the line they are directed to. Amazon offers very flexible part time hours along with promotions during the busy season. For ex. \"Clock in to win\" for a certain shift, and one employee is picked to win the selected prize for the night just by clocking in they are entered to win. Other things include signing up to come in when you're scheduled off and they provide pizza and various other things. ", " Make sure the drivers get out in time to the UTR agreement.  The job can be very stressful but you are helped as much as possible.  Its a high turn over of employees which doesnt make sense.  You meet some good people. ", " No opportunity for advancement and the management makes poor decisions. The benefits go above and beyond. The culture is upbeat. I have met the best people at Amazon. ", " I did enjoy my job at Amazon when I was fully staffed and had resources. But that was only 3 months of the 5 years I worked there. The rest of the time I worked 7 days a week and still did not get all my work done- which I heard about come review season ", " Amazing company with challenging tasks. Pros Amazing technologies. Excellent opportunities. Nice benefits. Also you get hands on AWS solutions well.  Growing up in the ladder depends entirely on your skills Cons Person promoted from sde 1 to sde 2 gets higher salary when compared to person getting hired as sde 2 from outside. ", " I enjoyed the work which was picking items from shelves and putting them on the conveyor but I didn't enjoy the long hours, compulsory overtime and long distance travel to work. ", " Work environment is enjoyable and accomplishments feel like a true team effort. Plenty of opportunities for advancement. Career choice is an excellent opportunity to further education. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It was to tiring and didn't fit my schedule, co workers and management wasn't helpful to me at all, but I did learn a lot more than what I knew by working at Walmart. ", " I enjoyed working the lines taking crates off the line scanning them and sending the down the line, the worst part was not getting to try new things you wanted. ", " I worked in amazon about 3 months. Generally job is ok, is not very hard.Possibility to earn well and to learn many functions.Good atmosphere. ", " while spending my time in amazon it was fun and very productive but also hard working as i was always on my feet and doing a lot of walking around remembering where things was ", " Not really the place to be, don't treat there employees with much respect, get spoken too like a child, but if you're willing to run around like a headless chicken all day then feel free. ", " At the beginning it started as an 'OK' job to get through Christmas. January comes by and I'd gained more knowledge about the Amazon. They kept me on and I started learning new things and it made me feel as if I was apart of amazon and not just a temporary worker. They promised certain roles and positions and for a while I filled them (Supervisor/Manager) while being a temporary worker. Then I got screwed over and they looked to someone outside the company instead of allowing me to progress, even though I'd shown clear results while filling in as a Supervisor/Manager and showed that I was able to take on those responsibilities. ", " First class front ends and amazingly well designed back end databases.  It was incredible to work with the entire retail process via database front ends. ", " I really loved working at PHX 7 it was really fun I loved the challenge in making rate I left work every day challengeing my self to make rate I had a blast their and would love the opportunity to go back. I ", " Amazon IND2 is the best Amazon facility in Indiana to work for. Though you'll feel physical soaring a few days after you start, so it's highly recommended that you buy some soft comfortable shoes to walk in, because also you will be walking MILES per week at Amazon. Unless they put you into something like Packaging. Pickers, Stowers, Team Lift, and etc will be walking for majority of the time. Some Amazon facilities do not have enough lockers for everyone, so prepare to leave your valuables in either at home or in your vehicle, just until you receive a locker. Overall, the Amazon pay and benefits are great! ", " Management was not so good here, There was a lot of favoritism and push overs going on. Workers were very much so welcoming at first. ", " An average day is horrible. Always having to keep up the packing or shipping rates, which in my opinion are too much. I learned nothing at Amazon. Management are cruel and don't care about anyone, but themselves. Co-workers are similar to depressed robots. The hardest part of the job was the amount of work needed to keep your job. The only enjoyable part of the job was leaving it. ", " I had i lot fun working in that company, i did what i was supposed to do in there and those managers an cow-works were super friends i learned a lot and i am sure that liked to have me as one of them too. ", " I am in the problem solve area, so i fix the damaged packages that get bought to me. Its very time consuming so your never standing around doing nothing. I like that position better than scanning. Nobody is constantly on  your back about the small stuff in that area. ", " Working there was fine, until my car got broken into and stolen. I was not able to receive a locker so I had to keep my phone in my car. They don't compensate you for your stolen goods since it was on property, okay i understand. My car was taken off property and damaged and had stolen goods so I should of received some sort of replacements for my good being stolen. Security was on the job and driving around property and my car was still broken into. ", " The environment was so nice. All the employees got along, the first aid team was always right there when someome got hurt. The break room was big enough for everybody to eat comfortably. ", " Learnt a lot as was my first job. Job was very hard but enabled me to try my hardest and succeed in new things. Ensuring everything was done to the highest standard. ", " Amazon is a really hard going job i enjoyed it while i was there but my contract was only for Christmas. I would of loved to stay on but there was no work for me. ", " So much incentives and lots of variety of positions. The managers aren't that great but they can improve. Also being thru the agency isn't so secure. ", " My typical day at work consist of attendance checking, work training employees running label machines for costumer package problem solving and blind audits ", " 10 hours standing up, short brakes alot of eastern Europeans and lilttle english spoken among eachother. However good pay and when you overtime pay rate does double. but people get treated unfairly. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It is a very fast paced environment, ongoing training in every aspect of warehouse work with the customer experience in mind. Hands on assistance with manager to answer any questions or concerns to increase hourly production. Tremendous room for growth if one would  like to make Amazon a career. ", " This company was a solid job in my opinion the work was not tough and it were opportunities of beneifits and traveling package with all expensinses paid. I ended up leaving due to the chance to be employed by a better job ", " Amazon was one of my favorite jobs of all it felt like a different environment. This warehouse was always fresh I enjoyed loosing a couple pounds , Amazon was your personal and daily gym you would get full on cardio .I learned how to used two different kind of scanner's , I also learned that customer service and packing is the number one tip to being a picker. Always check if things are misplaced or damage. Hardest part of the job was to be on your feet for several hours. Most enjoyable part of it was the lunch room , t had ping pong tables and bean bags . ", " If you kiss butt a lot can move up. If you call out managers on their wrong doing you get targeted to be fired. Positions are all political. Will get passed over if not correct gender or race.Do not care if you are a veteran that has many skills or management experience. They want workers that keep mouth shut do as thier told and make metrics. ", " typical day at work - picking and packing what i learned - teamwork and communication with other to achive goals management - demanding and looking to achive targets co workers - focused on achiving targets, nice, hardworking people hardest part of the job - sometimes could been very repetitive the most enjoyable part of job - working close with people ", " Some very great people here. There can however be issues with some of the superiors and micromanagement. Consequently this can cause stress and an agile environment. Due to the sheer scale of the company networking opportunities are vast, yet can be difficult to develop due to that very thing: the vastnes. ", " If you're looking for a set in stone work schedule and pay, Amazon is the way to go. They are super lenient as long as you are meeting goals regularly and progressing. Management is super flexible and understanding. Only downside is the repetitiveness. Other than that it's a pretty solid work environment. ", " A typical day was boxing items that people have bought to be shipped out. I learned to work fast at packing boxes. Management was always there to help you. My co-workers were friendly and helpful. The hardest part was trying to make sure to pack correctly and make sure to make the minimum packing requirements. The most enjoyable part was hearing my name be called out for every one to hear because I was in the top 5 of packing. ", " i thinkl it is a good place to work but the hours are not that long.and we can do better with the shipping time i am glad to have been a park of it.more hours  pay is ok. ", " I come in every day, seeing many different faces with different stories. I spend much of my time assisting associates with any HR-related questions they have. What I'm learning most is prioritizing and knowledge of what HR does and how it works.  The thing about Amazon is that you can go wherever you want. If you have the qualifications for a job, go for it! Management won't hold you back either. Managers and co-workers alike are very nice and don't shy away when you ask for help.  I find the hardest part of my job (but also most rewarding) is dealing with the mass amount of associates that are out there. Some of them have very challenging situations which require a lot of thought. The cool thing about it though is that I can see the faces of those who are out there in the trenches working hard, having fun, and making history! ", " There was only one Amazon employee in the building, even the security are contracted.  The customers are the worst wanna' be snobs.  I felt miserable every day I worked.  I was eventually made to work 2-3 days a week and still had to pay \u00a3220 a week van rental along with 30 other drivers, that was only one of ten driver agencies in the building.  It was said that the agencies were making more on renting the vans to their staff than they were making from the Amazon contract itself.   Really bad experience. ", " Job is tiring. Standing up and walking around for hours gets a little frustrating. The job is very away it's just the standing for long hours and walking around a huge ware house. I did not like the short breaks. ", " Working for amazon was not my best experience but it did have its up and downs. The best part about working for amazon was the pay. I got paid 11 dollars an hour which was actually good. However the work was unbearable. For the amount of work and hours I put in I think the pay should of been higher for everyone. Overall I gained a lot of new friends and experience. ", " Amazon fulfillment center is a great place to gain adequate warehouse experience, is a fairly easy job, and also has amazing benefits. sadly the environment is alot to be desired, management and HR are absolutely no help, along with being very biased to other associates. TLDR: Great for a short term job if you're not going for managment. ", " There is absolutely no supervision. They can't keep employees because their rate is too low, the main reason being that employees are too busy socializing and flirting with each other to care. Employees are having \"relations\" in their cars, married and single alike. Safety is also not a concern. There is a lot of horseplay going on. Employees locking wheels on a co-workers cart, taping up the wheels, sticking their feet under a passing coworkers cart's wheels, etc. The employees don't go to work to perform their duties, they go for other reasons. Some employees don't care about the work as much as the at work social life they have, and as a result, merchindise gets damaged. ", " I enjoyed my time at Amazon.  I am looking for a job with a more stable schedule. Amazon offers excellent benefits and a good working environment.  I simply want a job with a bit less overtime involved.  During peak times employees are required to work up to sixty hours a week for six weeks or more at a time. ", " Nice place to work at, balanced work life. Always looked forward to going to work whether it was an early or late shift. Friendly staff and vibe all round, fun environment but very productive at the same time. Would love to work there again. ", " Amazon is a very demanding employer and you will sacrifice your family time if you choose to seek employment with Amazon. Amazon does provide excellent compensation and benefits. ", " generally a good place to work with ease of promotion. physically quite a bit more than your average job but not to difficult. process paths in every department are easy to use and fast to learn. hardest part would be just standing on your feet for ten hours straight doing the same motion over and over. ", " great place to work  just apply early for a permanent position do ur job do not  make conversation   that isn't necessary with co-workers and you will be fine  better yet keep your head down and work "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A lot of lifting heavy products....strict on meeting rate on a daily..great people to work with...long hours but u have 3 days off...I was trained in several different departments so you didn't have to do the same thing every day ", " Good place to work, good training. The support staff will always be there to help if you have a question. The hours are manageable and there are plenty of breaks. ", " It was hard work, but I really liked working there My manager was awesome and most of the other wemployees were really helpful. The building is always dusty, safety regulations are religiously maintained. ", " a reg day at work is 10 hours they tough me how to be in the warehouse industry management is very nice the hard part is when u dont complet the job u get a point then thats bad, the best part of the job is  free free free free stuff ", " I was an inbound associate. I was also an outbound associate and worked security as well. It was a fun place to work. Could be stressful at times but they helped manage it very well. Peak was very successful. ", " If you love working, this is the place for you.  Zero work-life balance, there is always more to do and why haven't you done it already?  Why haven't you been the star you were hired to be?    Very exciting work, always changing, never a dull moment... which cuts both ways.  No time to relax or enjoy the fruits of your labor. Go. Go. Go. ", " The experience in the beginning was good. That was a good job with good benefits and great work statics. Then after about 10 months everything changed. The managers didn't quite care for you or if anything was wrong. The only picked favorites to do certain things. After a while, it became tiring and not fun to work in a place where you ship items to customers and have a good experience. The pay is good but not worth it. ", " okay place of employment. Shifts are 10 hour shifts, pro- three days off. Mandatory overtime is sometimes assigned to employees. Pay is not too bad, over time is time and a half for first 8 hours and double time for last two hours. ", " Very fast paced work, I was sweating all the time working. I worked only seasonally and there was way to many people, very hard to get noticed by upper management. I enjoyed the culture and environment of amazon though. ", " All incidents, accidents and medical emergencies to law enforcement are reported whilst at the same time resolving customer complaints on de-brief desk. ", " they expect a lot out of all of their workers and are just making the job load even harder on the workers so they cannot even have a stable life outside of work its miss managed but their are good people and the pay well worth it and has create affordable benefits if you're willing to work hard this is the job for you ", " Loading van with heavy package count. Verifying packages making the correct driver has them and is sending them to right area. ", " Amazon is a great place to work with a fast pace and great team work. I would recommenced applying to anyone who needs a job with minimum requirements. ", " No room for advancement due to management poor organization of company standards.  company moral was and still is at a all time low , when i first started there i was in love with my job then all the changes happened and they started highering outside of company. ", " It was an ok place to work I went in got my job done with a smile on my face everyday and in turn I got paid nicely it was very laborous a lot of heavy lifting and very long hours ", " Good money but poor management ,they changed hour from 10 to 11 in a work day mandatory overtime all the time. All they wanted was there numbers to be right ND to meet they quoter for the day. ", " You can never get a hold of HR, the company is about NUMBERS NUMBERS NUMBERS. If you are not in management, this company will work you down to the bone. You do not have a secure job even after the season, I would not recommend this job to anyone. ", " I love everything about the place, it's a great place to work for. I am able to help customers with obtaning anything available with just touch of a fingertip. ", " Love working there benefits were good loveed everyone I worked with got along with everyone my supervisors my managers co workers the lunch was short but it was ok we got three brakes which is good for working ten hour shifts four days a week and had three days off ", " Filling out legal documents for occupants with their drivers license revoked. Participating in the DUI classes and answering questions that needed to be answered. Made sure everyone understood every aspect in the class. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It was a good learning experience. Taught me very good time management skills. Typical day would be arrive to the warehouse, pick up the packages &amp; deliver the rest of the day. If down early, help with other deliveries. The hardest part of the job was memorizing all the different routes &amp; apartment passwords/gate codes. ", " Fast paced environment with a lot of hard heavy lifting. although warehouse work is hard I really enjoyed it and found the days going by really fast considering how busy I was. ", " Hard to get to know other coworkers although you are working 5 feet away from each other. They are very strict about having your time up. Never saw my manager probably only once for five mins. through out my shift. ", " Post Seasonal job, Part Time Job enjoy the people that i worked around for those short period of time, Amazon was a face but fpace working place but you also have to keep with in order to meet your quarterly inventory and what you pick &amp; pack ", " Amazon MDW2 in Joliet, is a bottom line company make rate or you are out! One shouldn't be held accountable for what comes down their conveyor belt. If you open a box with over a hundred pieces and continue to rate will soar, if not and rate isn't met for the week, you will be written up and that's just protocol, they can't even explain how to better it either, because it all depends on what you pick up. ", " Awesome managers who listen and work hard to resolve any issues you have.   Positive work environment and feedback from co-workers all the way down to human resource.  Hardest part of my job was adjusting to walking on the cement floors for 10 hours and finding smaller items quickly.  Most enjoyable part of the job was the prizes we won for our efforts and meeting my co-workers.  I learned how to work hard and feel proud to finish a job to completion and that hard work pays off! I also learned great time management skills and how to be attentive to detail. ", " I've learned to adapt to any environment I'm in, to do the task set at hand. I've also learned to take responsibility of my actions, to lead by example, to work hard and to present myself in a professional manner at all times. I help my co-workers when I see they need help. I don't believe there is ever a hard part about a job because I've been trained to succeed; not fail. I enjoy any job I'm working for because its not about liking the job, its about getting it done. ", " Amazon is a good working place with suitable working hours, I enjoyed my time at Amazon and would recommend eny one to work there. ", " Great Benefits for full-time associates. The work is mundane, but the pay is very good. There are a lot of options to move up in the job and to take advantage of their school program. ", " Good place to work. Always more hours and overtime being handed out. Friendly staff and motivators to help the shifts work at its best. We always made sure we did more than expected ", " Great work place job can be very flexible with all employees.  The diversity is amazing within the amazon community as well as outside. ", " The training offered was unorganized making it hard to do the job and its requirements. I enjoyed the hard work and was always busy but was very confused as to how to do parts of my job or even where to go. I never met a manager or supervisor, just different trainers. ", " I didn't see much family as much as I would like due to long 10 hour shifts. The pay was great and the benefits are amazing. There was too much chaos lately and too many safety incidents that happened. I had little to no chance of advancement, so I needed to move on. ", " This is a great place to work if you are early in your career and don't need work/life balance.  If you are married, with kids, etc. ENTER AT YOUR RISK! ", " The company is a modern day sweat shop. Management is the product of people that could pick the fastest, not people that have had any type of management experience or any formal training. ", " 12 hour shifts short breaks and a lot of overtime, it is a lot of hard manual labor so the pay is decent but 12 hour shifts give you no time for anything other than a quick meal and bed before going back to slave all day ", " I worked the docks at amazon, we would use pit equipment or unload trucks by hand. The job was challenging but rewarding in simple terms, got gift cards or a free soda at the end of day. There was room to move up but it wasn't as equal as management implied. ", " Challenging job can be demanding, co workers a lot of gossiping, hardest part of job making quota for the day, learned management skills and how to deal with different personalities in hiring process ", " It's a very busy warehouse your constantly in movement. The only thing is that sometimes they have you work seven days a week with no days off. But as long as you do your job you are okay with management. ", " management and hr was horrible, unfair treatment, i was in the stow department but I did love my job. I loved the benefits that were excellent for my family "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is an good place to work for your first job. They give you higher than minimum wage starting out and they have a lot of opportunities to advance. ", " Good overall job, work and deal with great people.  get 3 breaks a day two 15min breaks and one 30min.  Opportunities for help with college and great start out pay at 11.50$. It is a very repeatative job and requires a lot of walking and moving up and down flights of stairs and pushing or carrying heavy crates/ boxes or carts. Work week is 4 days. all amazon employees are on a point system. ", " Very long hours but definitely worth it because of the pay. Very fun environment but very fast paced as well. All of the people are friendly, helpful and team-player oriented. ", " Working at Amazon can be rewarding if you put your mind to it. A typical day at Amazon for me is packaging orders and making sure product is not damaged. I learned that a lot of different aspects go into the process of finding the items, packaging orders and shipping them out. Management is pretty well rounded, and easy to talk to. My co-workers are the most enjoyable part of working at Amazon, they keep you going throughout the day. ", " Everyone there is a rat as it is part of their culture. Everyone is dispensible including management. Not a job for a career. They like training  newbees and loosing money in the process. Most of management do not have a clue and expect you to do their job and your own. They are only there to critique your performance. AMAZON IS A JOKE! Do not trust anyone! You would be better to stay to yourself but that is fround upon. Keep your back to the wall. Your just a number. Make quota or be fired. 1 month or 5 years they could care less. Jeff Bezoz is a dueshbag ", " the job is not the most exciting jobs to get up and go to but i suppose some of the food in the canteen makes up for how boring it is. it is not nice when you actually work as hard as you can and the managers still ask you to do better. ", " This place has good benefits. Some of the people are easy to get along with. No one is ever on the same page. Hr is not a team I would trust. Corporate does not care. It is modern day slavery with little pay. ", " Very great place to work. Great People to work with, Very fast paced and you work under very cold conditions. Only are hiring full time workers. ", " The staff and new friends made in Amazon warehouse was incredible! Lifting boxes helped me tremendously in regards to health. I was overweight when I started working for them in September, but by time I was laid off in December, 3 months later, I've lost so much fat off my body and feel amazing. Coworkers were very supportive and taught me so much about how to work effectively. The hardest part of the job was finding a manager to speak to when I needed clarification or assistance. Typical days went by fast because I enjoyed my time working. The benefits were great and enjoyable. The harder I worked, I was rewarded with benefits and that also kept me motivated to do the ultimate best of my ability. ", " it is a great company for buying product but they way they treat there employees is disgraceful. they will constantly kick you down and make you feel like you are not a worthy employee period. constant write ups for things that are beyond your control. you an ask any employee that is on the floor doing the work it is a terrible place to work. ", " work at amazon is hard and stresfull till you get used with it. You are monitored every second of your shift. You have to meet your targets which sometimes is hard espetialy if you deal with big items. but if you keep good rating you can get some benefits like an extra brake ot amazon voucher. I left due to another offer but finally i can say I enjoed my time there ", " It was Productive and fun workplace I learned to work with different people from different backgrounds. The environment was exciting because something was always going on. ", " I absolutely loved working here. The pay was great, and the management was very good. The culture made it fun to come to work.  They make sure that you are cross trained in all areas of the job. I just wish I had not gotten on as a seasonal employee because the lay offs were horrendous.  Although we knew there was a great chance that when the season ended we would be let go, it was still very hard to go through it, especially since we were told that if we kept the absences low and productivity high, we would most likely be hired on. Otherwise, I would gladly go back if the job was offered, I just would not do it as seasonal or temporary. ", " I worked  in a  department  called  Amtram , we used  to  sort  the  boxes on the  pallets  and  wrap  them   The  work  hours  were  long   (9 hours a day ) but  we  were  working  4 days  a week  mostly . ", " Great this company was the best online training and employment I have experienced, Couldnt ask for a better team lead and manager. I would love to work for Amazon again to bad my position was seasonal. I truly enjoyed everyone including my customers that I worked with. I highly recommend AMAZON a a workplace. ", " Always was exited to attend work, very friendly staff. Learned a lot about packaging and codes. Managers were very helpful and loved their job. I enjoyed learning how the company works. ", " This place was an exceptional place to work. The break rooms were huge and had computers with internet access. The benefits started right away and were not expensive. ", " A lot of walking,and standing,. Fast paced and long hours, Managers were great , made A lot of friends and. Got to work with a great team. ", " I enjoyed my time at Amazon due to its fast pace working and great pay they offer weekly. They facility is state of the art and the breakrooms are quite splendid with many food workers can buy. ", " Very poorly managed overall. Lack of skill from upper management which created a lack of training for the employee's with the ultimate end result of procrastination among everyone's productivity rates which they expect you to make-up for even if it kill's you literally! "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " its a good place to work for beginners its a fast moving place and with a lot of challenges with you need to work hard for a long time to make it there on top ", " Blah ?? Blah?? Blah?? No job security. Never know when going to get laid off.Pay is not that good compare to other jobs. I would never work for them again. ", " Amazing company to work for. This company has been extremely supportive with my schedule and has acomodated me for my school schedule I love working here ", " Huge environment full of all different kinds of merchandise. Huge counting system, magnificent organizing and cleaning crew. Great pay awsome benefits, enjoyable work environment and allows personal space. ", " fast pace and require to maintain rates regularly.It gets really tiring during the peak hours.Organise games and treats during peak season.provide benefits. ", " Decent pay good hours you get three days off but there is no room for career development. They only promote their friends a lot of favoritism goes on in the warehouse I worked in. ", " The management definitely plays a lot of favoritism. Most days you do not get a route even if you just started and they know it will take you a while to get the hang of everything ", " Amazon was one of my favorite jobs of all it felt like a different environment. This warehouse was always fresh I enjoyed loosing a couple pounds , Amazon was your personal and daily gym you would get full on cardio .I learned how to used two different kind of scanner's , I also learned that customer service and packing is the number one tip to being a picker. Always check if things are misplaced or damage. Hardest part of the job was to be on your feet for several hours. Most enjoyable part of it was the lunch room , t had ping pong tables and bean bags . ", " Management is not helpful and the employees are too worried about everyone else job but their own. I saw no growth or recognition in the company. ", " I am a brilliant team worker and have experience working well with other people when playing in team \tfor sport .this has also helped to develop good communication skills.I\u2019am a fast learner and am happy to do any training needed for a job .I\u2019am flexible to working long hours and different shifts ", " At amazon we were split into groups during parts of the year. While there i learned about teamwork and leadership. Being able to coach others to make them a stronger associate while working and making the numbers i needed to make my job successful. The best part of the day was when I was able to make others successful in the positions they were in. The hardest part of the day would have to be not being able to help other associates that I couldn't focus on to help. ", " Loads of rewards with loads of expectations and demands. Very paced pace environment were each manager is responsible for their own department like it is their business. However maintaining a healthy work-life balance is very difficult. ", " Amazing Company to work for!! The management is very helpful and you care about their employees. There is really no down cons for working for Amazon for! ", " If you love working, this is the place for you.  Zero work-life balance, there is always more to do and why haven't you done it already?  Why haven't you been the star you were hired to be?    Very exciting work, always changing, never a dull moment... which cuts both ways.  No time to relax or enjoy the fruits of your labor. Go. Go. Go. ", " Job requires you to be on your feet about 9 1/2 hours of the 10 hr work day. Very short breaks. Benefits are good, if you are full time There are many different departments you can work in at the warehouse. ", " Rated every hour by the amount of work you have completed. Management wasn't always there to help and always seemed stressed. ", " From the very beginning I felt support from the staff, the manager, great time! I recommend, because the work in amazon gives many possibilities of promotion. ", " fairly enjoyble workplace. Worked through an agency here and as such, seemed to feel a little distanced from the regular staff employed by amazon. Paid well and good benefits. ", " Lost weight good for your health high expectations o real chance for advancement. unreasonable expectations. hard to meet goals always changing minimum rates. ", " It was a great job, I packed items for shipping customers purchased on line. I worked third shift. They have great benefits. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Picking  Packing Sorting Stocking RF scanner Electric pallet jack. Tote count Problem solving  Ambassador Loading Unloading Goal rates Team work Culture   Amazon taught me everything. ", " I loved the competitive nature of trying to best at amazon and working with great people. The days were long but the pay was good. ", " great place to work, long hours can be tough but once you adjust its not too bad, the work is hard and the hours are long but co-workers are extremely friendly ", " A typical day at Amazon involves cheerleading stand up meetings where our goals are updated to match them against team members within the building and elsewhere.  Within a week you are expected to be proficient.   I have learned to set stricter goals as a result of the work ethic instilled in everyone there.   The management team is disorganized and fractured.  In one month, I had managerial changes four times.  It's not uncommon to come in one morning to find we don't have a leader.   Given the nature of the job, it is discouraged to build a relationship with coworkers, as we are constantly in competition.  It is however, easy to make friends as we are all working toward a common goal.   The constant changes are probably the hardest part of the job.  One of the company principles is constant improvement, however this has become an excuse to change everything on a whim, just to have the image of improvement.   As far as what I found most enjoyable, the friendships I made with coworkers gave me plenty of reason to come to work every day. ", " No opportunity for advancement and the management makes poor decisions. The benefits go above and beyond. The culture is upbeat. I have met the best people at Amazon. ", " Loved my job and most of the people i worked with. Did not have properly trained management, and went through managers too quickly.  Break schedule could have been better. ", " Its okay you don't get that much hours after peak you make at least 100 a week that's all . management is rude and don't know how to talk to people. amazon is the reason I'm going broke need a second job ", " really good with working with your schedule for school alot of room to grow and advance. plenty opportunity to learn different things management could be alot better ", " It's a fun place to work if you like to work in a fast paced environment. You get paid time off an paid vacations. You get good health and dental insurance 4O1K ", " Working for Amazon is a stressful job if you cannot keep up with their rates then you are terminated in the middle of the night I was on disability and was terminated at almost the end of my shift I worked from 6:30 to 5 I was terminated at 3 o'clock in the morning for not making rate ", " Good working environment you can gain alot of benefits also the work experience is very good and can help you in your future jobs that you're applying to ", " This is an amazing place to work. As far as call centers go this is top notch. Most people should enjoy it. Great security and great advancement ops. ", " Co workers are friendly, enjoyed meeting new people. work load was not hard, but boring at times. Lots of mandatory overtime during holidays, Benefits are good pay was ok, ", " The can be hard oin your body. The pay is OK. They should pay a little more for the type of work you do there. The have great gifts games and prizes. Tho they do not value employees and they are treated as if they don't. You really can not move up far in the company. If you do itbtakes at least 5 years without a degree. Some managers really do carw about their employees, but they have so many workers under managers that it is hard to focus on them. ", " This job has  high turnover rate forcing everyone to worry about their jobs. The management only cares about meeting numbers and not about the people meeting them. ", " The typical day at Amazon is slow and steady. I've learned a lot on how to prep items to be able to send them out to customers. The management is great and so are the co-workers. The hardest part of the job is the very long breaks we have to wait forever on and when they send us home because there is nothing else for us to do. The most enjoyable part of the job is working with all my co-workers and conversating with the managers and just enjoying the day while we work. ", " It was a pretty cool job, a bit repetitive (isn't every job) my only problem is the respect management gives, or doesn't give. At times they were rude. ", " Amazon has great benefits, but it does not completely compensate for how poorly treated employees are, and how hard you are wanted to work. Would not recommend. ", " As a picker one has to walk at a minimum 10 miles per night Management is good Coworkers is what makes the job positive It is an overall easy job, but all of the walking is what makes it difficult ", " Working 10, 11, 12 hours a day is tough but paid well for a teenager. However that was also my greatest problem with the job was the hours. Not the most enjoyable work, very physical and quite tedious after some time. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I work for amazon fresh which is amazon's grocery store. I enjoy working here. I have nothing bad to say about amazon. They actually care about their employees. It's a fun work environment ", " I would say it you like hard labor and don't mind long hours Amazon is the place to go. I personally worked overnight and long 10 hour days. In the Peak season (October through December) you can work up to 60 hours a week which can wear on the body mentally and physically. ", " I loved being a coaching manager at Amazon.My typical work day would include processing and issuing behavioral and attendance occurrences to a team of about 20- 30 employees. I learned now to manage time and to properly help a team of employees be successful in the workplace. ", " They make sure we don't go hungry, offer free snacks sometimes, but spending 11 hours a day for 4 days a week can mentally drain you.... ", " As a virtual call center for amazon.com I enjoyed customer service however I did not enjoy the lack of leadership and inconsistent leads.In a very short amount of time our team lead was switched three times and there was a lot of inconsistencies with company policies. I am all for growth and change but too much change can be a bad thing. Leaders were clearly overwhelmed and under-informed. ", " The work isnt too hard, pick an item and repeat. No music what so ever. Its insane how quick they want you to go though, stay away unless you can walk 15+ miles a day ", " When I first started working there I thought the job was awesome, then I experienced my first peek season and all h#@+ broke loose. I've never met so many disrespectful people in my life, and management does nothing to change the horrible atmosphere ", " Had to constantly stay busy, compensation was awesome but breaks didn't make sense, like they gave two 15 minute breaks but it always just seemed like 10 minutes cause you would be wasting it just to walk to the break room or to use the facilities first, but everyone there was friendly ", " Very customer centric  company who realizes we are human.  You will typically take over 300 calls a month but the calls are not hard to handle.  You are well trained and prepared.  Great place to work. ", " Had decent pay but environment was less than adequate. Managers attempted to be friendly and coworkers were usually less than pleasant. Overall decent place to work because of the pay and set schedule but environment didn't work for me personally ", " Very fast paced environment. Loved learning how to drive the powered industrial trucks. Lots of room for advancement within the company. ", " the shift have a lot of hours. the break are very short, you will wish very tired all days, sometimes you feel the manager don't want to help you, sometimes you need help and you can't do anything, ", " Didn't like working for amazon, very demanding and horrible to the workers The wage is ok, but they expect more than what you can possibly do, never again ", " I do like to work on C-return position but didn't like to stand very long hour with 10 Hour with 4 Days and my body is very exhausting and I get home and went bed didn't have time to spend time with my family. ", " overall the job was demanding. some departments more demanding than others. The job work/life balance was difficult. long hours somewhat underpaid for a supervisor job. difficult to get in touch with HR. ", " A great stepping stone to kick start your career. Great HR team, work hard and make history.  New challenges everyday. No day is the same. ", " I enjoyed the fast paced environment of the company.  It was a great job for the small peak window that I worked there, the compensation of the job was excellent . The hardest part of the job was the constant walking for 12 hours. ", " A typical day at work was very busy and crazy. Lots of moving around all the time. What i learned is how to work well in a wearhouse, and how to work alone for most of the time. ", " I did it all at OAK4 tracy. The pay was decent, your coworkers are amazing. It is the most unorganized, big company you'll ever work for. The revolving door, is like a slaughterhouse.   And you better not get hurt. That is where things, will change for you. Due to being on my feet, 10 hours 4 days a week. I had to have amcare, wrap my ankles nightly. Management didn't like it much. But I made sure my workload was finished first.  Overall it's impossible to move up. Unless you're part of the buddy system, or brown nose. They bring in kids, fresh out of college. Who never worked before. To be your boss, these kids have no idea. How to run a department. Plus they are unfamiliar with work in general. Let alone the system. They give the kids, plenty power. Most of them are egomaniacs. It's sad, they rarely promote from within. Which adds to their high turnover rate. ", " plenty experience gained in this work place, great management, everyone makes you feel welcome and is willing to help and train if you need it "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon has it set up where you accumulate time such as personal time, vacation time and unpaid time. The time is there for your own personal use and the more time you save you get an extra bonus on your check. ", " it's a decent place to work they are good to there employees the work hours are long but not too bad. hr is very helpful there. the pa's and the managers are nice as well. ", " Alot of problem! Badly organize! What i learn? If you try to respect the rules you will not achive your target! The co-workers , some try to help some try to bring more problems! The hardest part \"accept to work in a place were you see alot of unfair things going on around you! Is frustrating! No enjoible part but funny how almost everybody learn how to cheat the sistem in all ways in order to achive the target! ", " Amazon is a great place to be, though every team is different. I am grateful to have worked with an array of immensely talented people that honestly cared for the customers we supported. ", " bad management, not approachable with associates, communication problems.  Nice because you have the opportunity to work in an multicultural environment. ", " Your constantly busy working in a fast pace environment. Always meeting new people and learning new departments. the benefits are very good. but work hours and all the overtime can make it very tiering at times. you must be motivated to work here ", " Believe the reports you read in the papers and see on the news. The money is good, but, they do expect you to work hard for it. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job is hanging out with teammates and colleagues after the working hours. we're enjoying each moment as a fresh one. I love it. ", " It's great if you absolutely hate leaving the house and enjoy working from home. I wouldn't recommend to college students. Unless you work part-time, they aren't very flexible about scheduling. ", " Treat the staff like rubbish , would never recommend any one work there if your disable or disabilities ,. Won't let you take more than a week holiday ", " Loading and unloading of product.  Stocking product.  Quality control checks.  Consolidating product. Extremely fast paced. ", " I like the system over there.  Helpful team.  Helpful management.  They care about the safety.  Co worker are nice. I learned a lot from my job. I like it when the management thank us for our work and get us dounts. ", " Just sometimes hectic and unorganized a lot of not knowing what's going on more focused on getting product out vs quality of product no real system in place for advancement hours are hectic with no as much work during peak times ", " Only reason i had to leave is because i have an injured leg and it was hard to lift heavy boxes. theyre very nice there everyone cares about their workers because of how much work is needed to be done. ", " Work place just like any other factory, typical eight to ten hour shifts, overtime always available. Great thing about it were the benefits, and job security. Feel like management could be better, more organized ", " Love the work environment but for me personally I just hate the lack of hours. Other than the lack of hours, I love it. Very laid back environment and fast paced. ", " Run from there it is a terrible place to work. you don't want to work for this company. they always go by the surveys that the customers give, without investigating probably. ", " The company is a great place to work for great benefit and shcedule,the mamangement is very helpful and the training is fairly easy.The overall company is a great place to work for ", " Amazon is an amazing company to work for - but is better for those 3-5 years in their career. The university programs need more development, and this is not a company that promotes growth for entry-level employees. Management is great for some teams, but definitely needs more comprehensive development for others. Managers need more training in general, for as quickly as new employees are being on-boarded. The atmosphere of many teams are like a start-up culture, and it is a \"horizontal\" culture, meaning there are no barriers in communication between you and your superiors. Amazon is moving rapidly, with the latest technology on the market. Their competitors are trying to keep up. They are innovative, and it is a great place to leverage yourself and work harder than you've ever worked before. But if you are not ready to put your head down and sacrifice to make your work a large part of your life, this may not be the company for you. ", " I've worked here for about 8 months, for a part time job it is pretty good. The only downside is that in my building it isn't possible to become full time and picking up extra shifts isn't always possible. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It's an ok job I just don't like how I feel like they don't care about their associates and the job not guaranteed to keep. I'm ready for something new something better a job that I know if I get sick I can be home getting better and still have a job tomorrow. I'm ready to move around and be happy to go to work in the morning I'm jus looking for better! ", " I would refer anyone that is willing to work hard to this job. Just because you are working hard doesn't mean you still can't have fun. ", " good for college student that have revolving school schedule. each place is different some u work harder than other but to me it all easy. you do be on your feet all day and u get more hours during peak time ", " A lot of lifting heavy products....strict on meeting rate on a daily..great people to work with...long hours but u have 3 days off...I was trained in several different departments so you didn't have to do the same thing every day ", " Amazon has it set up where you accumulate time such as personal time, vacation time and unpaid time. The time is there for your own personal use and the more time you save you get an extra bonus on your check. ", " The work was well explained, safety was a constant priority, there were surprisingly nice break room facilities for a concrete warehouse, and there were probably one or two interesting ways to switch up your role on a given week if you happened to be a motivated worker. The only issue was that it was only ever part time, and even that was questionable towards the end of the busy season. ", " The hardest part of the job was just being on your feet all day. The work was simple and also efficient. Management was good and always made sure the staff was comfortable and safe ", " Amazon is a great company to work for.  If you enjoy working in a fast paced environment without supervision; this is the company for you.  It is a good company. They give great incentives, especially; during the holiday.  They practice good safety standards for a warehouse. The best thus far. State of the Art facility and equipment. The company is growing and expanding more and more. An excellent opportunity to learn more about the fulfillment industry. ", " Experience there was ok. Very unorganized at times. Not sure what else to say as I was fired unfairly. I had a doctors note to excuse the days I was out but it was not acceptable. ", " Good job will work you to death  have to pay attention to the work your doing you don't want to loose any items that's post to be getting shipped out . its they have water fountains all over because of the walks &amp; how long it takes to get to point  A to point B ", " Was always physically demanding and always on a time schedule difficult a lot of the time but equally ok when the staff and management are friendly and are always looking too help. ", " While working at Amazon I gained some helpful skill like communication and problem solving it is a friendly in environment where you can meet amazing people ", " If you like to slack off at work and make others work harder while you relax then you'll love it here. Employees have practically no accountability for their actions whatsoever and after 3-4 months of operation they are still yet to assign permanent positions to the workers, it is very unorganized and changes daily. Here you're either a hard worker that gets over worked with no recognition or you slack off and walk around chatting and end up promoted. ", " Good overall job, work and deal with great people.  get 3 breaks a day two 15min breaks and one 30min.  Opportunities for help with college and great start out pay at 11.50$. It is a very repeatative job and requires a lot of walking and moving up and down flights of stairs and pushing or carrying heavy crates/ boxes or carts. Work week is 4 days. all amazon employees are on a point system. ", " We complained about the long hours and feeling like being on a slave ship but we enjoyed one another. I'd go back if the location was accessible by public transportaton ", " It has been the worst job I ever had to work for. They treat you like lab rats and expect you to work long hours to high standards with little breaks and encouragement. ", " hard to work on Christmas period, need to work more then 5night a shift, but good pay rates, free coffee/tea machines. always happy to help and resolve problems ", " Its Gets tiring and Boring Long hours of standing and walking around, well fast walking in a timely matter Stower, stored thing/ put away safely , and the picker go picked them up safely and drop them off for shipping ", " I worked the night shift from 6 PM to 5 AM. The pay is great but that is the only benefit with working this job. This is a job more for older/retired folk or ones that do not have an outside life. ", " The job itself is simple enough, management and HR departments are a huge mess of miscommunication.  I was hired as a temp, and despite over 10 stellar performance and productivity reviews in less than two months, was denied transferring over because of one verbal warning weeks after the initial issue. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Working at Amazon was a good experience. Being able to learn how to work at a fast paced environment is pretty challenging at first, but then you start to get used to it and enjoy it more. The managers at Amazon were amazing. They were really helpful with any questions and the energy was so great. ", " Amazon was a really fun work place. It had numerous great co-workers. All the management were nice and they did everything fair. ", " very hard for management to be prominent with amount of workers very hard work with very little appreciation from higher ups  short breaks with very strict limits  very little team work culture ", " Overall Amazon is a wonderful company to work for. They just need to be more clear in listing in there policies what employees can and cannot do once they are off the clock and no longer representing the company.... ", " They have complete benefits. Very nice place to work but some of the crew are racist. They give heavy work to those they dont know and they give less work to their friends ", " cant talk need to keep working as fast as you can money is terrible, staff are terrible, zero communication from managers, chop and change timings without zero notice. times toilet breaks canteen food was bad bus always late or didn't come at all worst job in my life nothing is good enough for them got pulled up for being 98% out a 100 bad days . ", " The work can be strenuous and exhausting. Communication lacks between associates and managers. Directions are unclear and unprecise. Along with lack of communication, there is also lack of organization. ", " I liked working here because of the fast paced environments and the great pay. There are a lot of downsides to the job but what job doesn't have a downside. ", " These warehouses are all about productivity, with a strong emphasis on safety. Coworkers vary, it is warehouse work, management is trained and very nice. ", " You will grow. Un-achievable goals with unrealistic time frame. However, this pushes the company to be the best of the best. Very stressful, but the pay is great and opportunities for advancement come quick. Its easy to get into a cycle of 70+ hour work weeks.  It's not for everyone. Type-A only. ", " Amazon is a good place to work help you out with anything you need  at any time of the day and they show you how to do things when you do not know how and yheybwioiod show you all night and then have you try it when they are sitting there watching you ", " a very cool and nice tplace to work everyone get along . we all love each other the staff is great an we all enjoy each other. ", " I love working for amazon awesome! Very far place to work. Bob is awesome!!! I dont like all the new temp coaches..Ugh.. You cant go into the office to talk , were not in prison ,its a job.. Come on intergrity ", " Very positive and good place,althought there is a lot to do about the security.Place where you can make good money.There is good politik training culture. ", " fast pace, constant movement, scanning items place in tote and place tote on conveyer line management team in very much involved  co-workers want to be chatty  hardest part is the constant walking and standing on your feet for close to ten hours  I enjoyed the benefits Amazon has a great way to save money ", " SMX was the company I worked for when I first started at Amazon. They served as the recruiting agency for amazon. During my time with SMX I was made a PIT/Safety coach and moved up to the supervisor position. My duties consisted of assisting in PIT training for new hires, making sure safety protocol was enforced and followed. I also assisted associates in any way that it was needed to ensure that they were able to do their jobs effectively and efficiently. My duties as a supervisor entailed anything from assisting associates on the floor, conducting new hire orientations to scheduling and attendance. I also worked a lot with Amazon management to ensure that SMX associates transitioning to Amazon associates met quality and performance standards. Once I became an Amazon associate I worked on the floor. The majority of the co workers I worked with were all great people to be around. The management team for the most part are all young individuals transitioning right from college which in some ways was viewed as a con. The hardest part about the job was probably the long hours and work to life balance. The most enjoyable part or parts was meeting a handful of great individuals and apart of that learning along side with them. Learning how to drive all the equipment in the facility also proved to be quite rewarding. ", " Great job, great work flow, good management, great schedule, focus on your work and quality plus quantity, be on time , pay close attention to what they show you ", " I love working for Amazon and would recommend this job to anyone. I have wonderful bosses and great coworkers. I love the inbound calls and assisting drivers and customers. ", " Amazon will work you into the ground. You get few breaks and the management will constantly harrass you. They DO NOT care about their employees and will offer you money to leave the company. Except for the benefits, there is nothing good about working for Amazon. ", " I am a sincere person, if you do not like something say it bluntly, I love working, I do not like people who are racist. I like not to scream around me, especially when I work. I like to be clean and order in my job. And I like to learn new stuff. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " decnt place to work good banter , nice place , good people , easy to get too , round the corner for me , go in sort parcels , promotion straight away , ", " Great experience, fun people and was an amazing place to be in the hyper-growth era. Amazing leaders/management and great at sticking to strategy ", " Warehouse work, mostly, but it feels pretty cool. Plus, the employee discount for using Amazon products is not bad at all. If you start there, you have just as good of a chance for higher positions as someone with a 4 year degree, even if you do not have one. Your tenure in the company counts for something. ", " Long hours, poor management. Wide group of co-workers, physically demanding. Overall easy, depending on your department. The most enjoyable part of the job is the people you meet. Good networking opportunity. ", " long days,weekend shifts everyone is very friendly enjoyed working here but shifts were clashing with seeing my children due to me leaving ", " The one of the Best Warehouse Jobs, they have Set hours, Decent pay, Awesome Benefits, and Simple not too hard work.....  i worked at the JJ Lemon Building in Dallas, TX ", " Good place to work and gain more knowledge and develop your skills For freshers good start. For hardworking people always good place job security is also there. ", " I enjoyed the work which was picking items from shelves and putting them on the conveyor but I didn't enjoy the long hours, compulsory overtime and long distance travel to work. ", " It's a lot of fun working there especially with the people your surrounded with every there is having a good time and you meet a lot of new people and make lots of friends ", " I enjoy working there. It is a lot of fun. You work a lot of hours when it is peak time. You also can make a lot of extra money during that time too. ", " Decent job. I just really hate the computer systems deciding who gets in trouble. Unless your a hot chick. I think it's a real bad system. ", " Long night shift  Constantly on my feet and moving  Easy going environment.  Management was encouraging and flexible  Co-workers where helpful  Hardest part of the Job was the constant moving  Most enjoyable part was meeting the goals set at the end of the day. ", " Great pay,shifts are demanding but all together a fun environment to work in. More could be down in terms of incentives for employees.and longer breaks. ", " good working enviroment in leeds branch. good working ethics. office staff are helpfull. hours are not very consistent but it worth working for. flexibility is needed and alot of the work is concentrated on the weekend. ", " Huge environment full of all different kinds of merchandise. Huge counting system, magnificent organizing and cleaning crew. Great pay awsome benefits, enjoyable work environment and allows personal space. ", " -driving packages to customers and delivering them safely -160-200 packages average daily -work at your own pace -receive bonuses for taking a certain number of packages ", " A typical day involves starting your shift by clocking in, followed by a team briefing where you find out what is needed for the day, After that you collect your equipment and begin your work until instructed and moved onto other tasks or the shift ends.  I usually worked 4 days of 10 hours, with 3 days off. two 15 minute breaks and one 30 minute lunch break. Shifts rarely change and are consistent but overtime can become compulsory during peak periods. ( this can change depending on where you work in Amazon e.g location and job role)  Management is good and it is very easy to make friends with co workers as you will run into them very often during work.  The hardest part of the job was all the walking and hitting targets set by management which increase more often than they decrease.   The most enjoyable part is that there is always something new to do and you may not always be doing the same thing all the time which can help reduce boredom and tediousness.. ", " I assisted unloading trucks @ 100,000 packages a night ensuring they arrived to the proper locations accurately and on time .very fast paced fun environment .lots of great give aways to the staff members  . Management friendly and approachable .  Wide variety of shifts and hours to work . Training classes for advancement. Lots of opertuinity and room to grow. Parking off cite for some employees are chartered by bus from nearby parking lots ", " they have nice break rooms they always encourage employees to offer suggestions. They offer incentives.. nice environment. ", " Not an awful place to work however the job is very repetitive and boring. There is a large amount of overtime available but the time of year I was working there were many hours of 'compulsory' overtime which wasn't excellent. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It took a little while to get used to, as this was the first job I've had in a warehouse. But I love fitness &amp; exercise, &amp; working here was basically like being at the gym! Good way to stay in shape. ", " I would rather not working in a warehouse setting everyday because of the wear and tear it out on my body,but it was fun while the season lasted I enjoys the first year and the second if I had the chance I would go back ever season ", " Nice enviroment to work in, makes you step out of your comfort zone, diversity environment, opportunity to learn different equipment, opportunity to move up ", " What you put in is what you get. Management is great.  Vibrant working environment always room for growth. All in all a very nice place to work especially foe young people. ", " a great and fun place to work. Pay is also good but the hours are extreme and you dont really get much time to yourself. various hours and shifts available ", " Big busy place, instructors explain all proces and help in two weeks training,  easy access to the necessary protective clothing and equipment, respect health and safety rules. Large clean and modern canteen. Transportation provided by amazon for a small recompense. ", " Not to bad of a job. I learnt many things there. I learnt how to make a box\ud83d\ude02 I had the chance to see many items that Amazon sold. I learnt how to work around different positions in the factory. ", " I would love to stay but the commute is exhausting especially when it is over 200$ just in gas. I appreciate the job since it is very fast paced and I always have something to do. ", " We are full service automotive facility with multiple locations and tons of growth potential. We are a sales driven business that has succeeded with good... ", " Management is very helpful and resourceful,  The co-workers are friendly and relatable. The hardest part of the job is dealing with frustrated/upset customers. ", " Had lots of fun learning and meeting new people there. Wish I was able to move up within the company but quess it wasn't meant for me. ", " \"A glorified high school masquerading as an employer,\" is how I view them.   They are a REVOLVING DOOR employer.  If you need a job for a short period of time, this is your place! The benefits are GREAT (ESPECIALLY the health insurance) and the pay....not so much but the benefits (IF used do help to offset the low pay.) Yes, there is something they call VCP (variable compensation pay) but it barely makes a difference and rarely comes into play. Yes, they do give you two shares of stock (IF you're a direct hire) but the odds of you being there two years to actually GET THEM are slim to none.   Politics run the show.  You are a number, not a person.  If you're okay with that, they'll love you. ", " Fairly good pay, opportunities to advance your carrier.  Management is always pushing for more, no time for fun. People are treated as numbers and managers are always right. ", " The job was easy, I had a decent work to life ratio. here was a lot of room for growth in the environment. I got along with the management fine. Overall good place to work. ", " Job is great management not so good lots of safety issues  management is constantly writing people up that are actually working they do nothing to help with any barriers ", " You are promised advancement, and it rarely comes.  I liked my team mates and helped the manager out often with providing new employees the information to help them succeed in the job.  I took triple the clients in the same amount of time with positive feedback.  I knew how to get the job done while listening to the customer.  Got switched to a new team with a new manager, and she didn't like that I knew more than her, and helped the team mates in distress.  She fired me after digging (she had to dig deep) and caught me on one technicality of a customer not saying \".com\" ", " if you are sick and bring in a doctors note to be excused, they will not accept it. you are only allowed sick time that given to you. ", " My review for amazon.com is a simple one. It was a factory job. It had its good points and it had its bad points. Over all it wasn't a horrible place to work, however, it just wasn't the place for me after being there for awhile and not being able to advance. ", " Very fast paced work, I was sweating all the time working. I worked only seasonally and there was way to many people, very hard to get noticed by upper management. I enjoyed the culture and environment of amazon though. ", " Amazon is a professional company with customers on their mind and they make sure that the customers are their number one priority. The first few days learning the jobs are the best but without excelling in what was taught then no company progression will be made. The Co-workers that are there are all friendly and interactive including the managers but there is a big lack in communication between individuals. Some Workers and including the Managers will need to ask others on what is needed to be done. The only hard part of the jobs given to a person is just being able to focus because there is not much difference in the jobs given day to day. However, once taught multiple task there is some variation and the task become more enjoyable and less predictable. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Horrible communications skills. And high turn over rate with employees and management. Not enough professionalism, it's more like high school. ", " Same routine day in and day out. No incentive for work production. Management is understanding. With high production rate there is not much time for socializing. Job tasks were simple. The most enjoyable part of the day is Lunch. ", " Overall, the job was okay. Learning what to do was the easiest part. The job isn't hard at all. Management made the job difficult. Not only were they unorganized, but they had their favorites. HR was no help! Most of the time they were gone on lunch or roaming the building.   -Former FTW-1 Associate ", " Amazon is just to help people pay their bills..  If you have another job... stick with it..  Just not what one would look for..  Twelve hundred hours &amp; that's it your out of a job..  So like i said...  keep your job..  There's no benefits etc!!.. ", " I have be work there for 8 month and I enjoy it  and nice people all different their cultures and respect  and I'm a company of Amazon  imwork in inbound and outbound also handler so I get laid off for my rate so  I guess that all I say ", " This role required for me to persevere and push through a hard days work and also showed me a lot about myself. Warehouse operatives and agency managers develop an excellent understanding overtime due to feedback and targets therefore you are always motivated and pushed to the best of your abilities. The hardest part of this job was the physical part this was from picking for example. The most enjoyable part of it was the environment and the communication with everyone this made this a fun working environment. ", " Good money- great benefits-good employees-friendly atmosphere-room for advancement-flexible schedule/sick days- ", " 10/10 would go back to work again! The managers were always very nice giving you the help you needed and always making you feel comfortable working. If you understand the side of the company this is a good job to have! ", " This is a great place to work; the benefits are amazing, pay is good, and scheduling is flexible. If you ever get a chance to work here, do it. ", " A typical day at amazon was first stretching to ensure all your muscles are stretched so you don't get injured, then you went to your work station, where you performed your task you were assigned. Working with amazon i have met alot of great people, it was very friendly, everyone made sure you were safe and no one got hurt. Amazon made sure you didn't lift any thing heavy, you always had someone around to help you. management helped you when you had an issue, they always came around and if they didn't know an answer they made sure you knew the answer before the end of shift.  The hardest part of the job was standing on your feet all day, walking a lot of miles per day, and lifting constantly along with heavy lifting. ", " Wonderful at home job opportunity.  Great for the disciplined individual who is somewhat computer savvy.  No commute, no boss looking over your shoulder, no peers to get in your way.  This is an incredible company with lots of growth potential. ", " Amazon in Reno is a decent place but very stressful, not because of the work or workload but rather because of inexperienced leadership trying to make a name for themselves. It high on intimidation, you could be a stower over 100% everyday for two weeks, have one bad day and get written up. ", " Morning briefing at seven thirty and then ten hours of constant hard work with periodic cajoling to work even harder. Learned how a large scale semi-automated facility is run and how a multi-cultural workforce can co-exist effectively. Less that impressed by some of the management who lacked meaningful experience and occasionally appeared out of their depth and unwilling or unable to make decisions which might challenge the status quo. Kaizen was poorly implemented. Fantastic bunch of co-workers though, friendly and most often helpful.  The hardest part of the job for a lowly Fulfillment Associate is undoubtedly its sheer physicality. Every day is like ten hours of aerobics - at the end of a week you will usually be dead on your feet (but the four day week and three day weekend helps with recovery).  The people are the best part of the job (and the three day weekend). ", " Great company to work for.Always changing environment so it doesn't get boring.Great management,you are constantly learning something new every day. Hardest part of the job would be it gets a little repetitious.Most enjoyable part is helping people. ", " A typical day is 4/10hr shifts, with the ability to learn new things everyday. Management and co-workers are a pleasure to work with.  The hardest part of the job is when they change things but forget to tell all associates.  The most enjoyable part is seeing my co-workers smile at a job well done. ", " Have alot of shifts to choose from. Pay is decent. Benefits are good. Peers are friendly. Hard on the body. If you can handle standing and walking for long periods of time on concrete floors, this is the job for you. ", " Amazon is customer obsessed, which is drilled into their employees. However, there is no employee obsession. There is no work life balance for salaried employees. ", " While working the job at Amazon was pretty good, my issues with working there came from the staffing agency that I got hired through. While I work at an Amazon warehouse I am hired, trained fired or disciplined through the staffing agency. But, Integrity and Amazon management don't like to communicate with each other when it comes to documentation. Was suspended because Amazon never received my diploma from the staffing agency and took two days and a lot of attitude before they admitted the error was on their end. Luckily those two days were days I didn't work anyway so there was no loss in paycheck.   But the job itself was good, you are worked to death in terms of hours and the speed/accuracy that you are required to maintain but getting the $13 an hour paycheck after 40 hours and the weight I lost from the constant workout makes me forget about it. ", " I enjoyed most days at work because I worked along side other hard working individuals accomplishing same goal getting packages out timely, and efficiently. I learned that sometimes accomplishing the company goals are more important than an individuals needs or preferences. Management for my specific area was great, the supervisor listened to ones needs without bias, tried to be fair. My coworkers were great, I trained many of my co workers, many went on to be supervisors, or in management positions. The most enjoyable part of my job at Amazon was having the opportunity to be an Ambassador, which is a trainer for large amounts of employees at peak season. This was very rewarding for me. ", " Helps you to learn how to work in a fast paced environment. Teaches you how to please customers to a high extremity. This job helps increase your knowledge in business and you get to deliver packages to customers. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Walsh is one of the worst company's to work with ! Kyle Walsh owns the business and he is barely there and it's hard to ever get in contact with him as a driver ! Hugo (Supervisor) is the WORST supervisor to ever deal with. He is beyond disrespectful and he is not fair with distributing day's for people to work. When ever you need a rescue Hugo picks and chooses who to send a rescue for which is highly unfair. Then he gives CERTAIN people plenty day's to work and others is whenever he needs you. Don't recommend anyone applying for this company! ", " Pros:     Learn a lot in small amount of time. Great potential employees.     Compensation is very competitive    Learn to work at very fast pace and rapidly changing environments    Benefits  Cons:     Management: Leaders use their role to risk your job if they have personal feelings against you.     Work Life Balance: You practically live at the fulfillment centers ", " no matter how its been described, each shift was business as usual, continuous, constant, all about production and numbers, a family/team oriented ??? ", " Amazon is an excellent employer. It offers a great compensation with plenty of opportunity for growth. They truly drive and stand behind the culture of being the most customer centric company in the world. They encourage risk taking in developing the business, keeping in mind the risk is centered around improving the customer experience. ", " Great experience, fun people and was an amazing place to be in the hyper-growth era. Amazing leaders/management and great at sticking to strategy ", " Long hours, need better rest periods. 12 hour shifts only 2 breaks. Harsh on the back. Great idea to have first aid on site ", " Amazon is a great to work if you just graduated high school or retired. The typical day flies right by because of the engagement with co-workers, managers, and the enjoyment of the job. The hardest part of the job was getting up in the morning. ", " Management and HR were never in the same page so disorganized. They didn't care for employees at all. Dirty picking area. Never got my full fifteen minute break. ", " The company was excellent, but the staffing company they hired workers from has incredibly bad clashing rules often, often causing integrity to give write ups to employees, Amazon is great, but they need a better staffing company for seasonal. ", " I thoroughly enjoyed working for amazon i enjoyed meeting different people and working in the different parts off the company ", " 12 hour shifts short breaks and a lot of overtime, it is a lot of hard manual labor so the pay is decent but 12 hour shifts give you no time for anything other than a quick meal and bed before going back to slave all day ", " As expected, you are on your feet all day. It is a fast paced environment, and you have to maintain a daily rate to ensure your productivity meets the company's expectations. The hardest part of the job is maintaining your rate and productivity if your replenishing team can not keep up with your work pace. ", " I worked there and was very good.I learn there to make  riceive, stow and  picking.I riceive one good training.Was good with more training because you do not know when passed a time.You work for pleasure !! ", " Good place to work everyone there is friendly make good money and fast promotions as well working there is very easy and there is nothing but positive vibes in the warehouse too they have different positions to move up to do you have fun in what you do ", " horrible place,you have to working as slave. no owertime,no private life,no hollidays,no cristmas. absolutley nothing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ", " The job is a fast pace constantly on your feet moving at all times. There's always room for advancement if you want to move up. They have a great break room which caters to the employees. ", " My job assignment varies. Our warehouse is the last step before the packages are sent to the customer so we check the packages for damages or if they were sent to the wrong Amazon warehouse. After we clock in we have something called stand up. There we stretch, discuss safety tips, the volume for our shift, success stories, and any other information the manager(s) want to give the employees. The hardest part of the job is there aren't a lot of employees in our warehouse because our peak season is over. However we still receive a high amount of volume and there aren't enough people to get the volume scanned and out for shipping in a timely manner. Overall Amazon is all about having fun. ", " responsibilities: loading the van, delivering parcels along a particular route using Amazon's routing technology, filling in documentation ", " The above caption explains it all. I did not mind working 10-11 HR shifts but the breaks were ridiculously short and the management sucks bad. The way that company treats their employees is sad because we are the backbone ....   I won't recommend to work there. These billion dollar companies don't care about us regular associates .... it's the small businesses that care about their employees. ", " Amazon is the most difficult work from home job I've ever had. The shifts are long, and there is little flexibility until after peak season. Once you feel as though the job is getting easier, metrics take over and make it even more difficult to handle. Amazon is ALL about metrics. Their standards seem almost impossible to meet. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I enjoyed going to work everyday, for the most part. Management isn't really hands on (unless it's someone they know) and the actual basic employees are nicer and more down to earth. ", " It was to crowded, it was to many problems there. They didn't pay enough by the work we do.I didn't like how they treated us as in overtime is mandatory. Its never a set time. You go when there ready for you to go home. ", " amazon has good benefits, but bad for employees in general. they are trying to get the most out of you or get fired.  before coming to amazon, I didn't know the term Slave Labor.   need I say more? ", " Great job to work at. Lovely working conditions. Great team work, excellent managers. This job has all the updated materials you need for having a successful day at work. ", " the harder you worked they wanted and hardly no good praise from the managers. hardest part was doing three peoples jobs and the managment wanting more done ", " Good people, pay could be better and also more hours. Otherwise it's a good place to work for part-time. Also I would like to see some paid benefits from the company for employees. ", " Above minimum wage Benefits to all employees Set 5 day a week work schedule Many different people are met Fast paced environment Always room for promotional opportunities ", " Training is provided.You get to work with workers from different background and environment. A lot of new things to learn on sorting/scanning and this helps in increasing of job knowledge. ", " I have worked for amazon for 18 months on the PM shift.   A typical day at work would be first find out how the Morning had gone if all vehicles have left for there delivers on time then read all email's to start the working day and then problem solve.  i have learned a great deal working with word and excel and  pivot tables and  dealing with our customers and delivery drivers.  management are relaxed and helpful.  the hardest part of my job is making sure the customers are happy with there deliveries, in a customer obsession  work place .  the most enjoyable part of my job is getting it right with our customers and helping them to get there product to them quickly and on time.  I have great work colleagues and we do try and have fun at work while looking after our customers needs. ", " It was a great experience working and learning new things people were very creative and innovative , management used to welcome new ideas whenever necessary ", " A day at work all work no play. I learned to productive with my time and management always worked with me. My co workers were outstanding to work with especially with all the different cultures and personalities. The hardest part of the job was standing for most of the work time. Most enjoyable part of the job was meeting all the new people and just adding a new experience to my life to learn and better myself as an individual. ", " Fast paced and a great work environment. Have to scan boxes and load trucks with the customers packages. Overnight job. Hours vary between midnight-6 or 7 in the morning ", " Amazon is a company you will love if you like to walk around all day.. great for people trying to lose weight. pay is nice , and hours are favorable. overall very pleased.. ", " Its not a bad place to work for only a short period of time. Constantly active and moving around, I loved to people I worked with but the leadership and managers could have been better ", " I loved helping the people but my leads person was terrible. You could not get the information you needed from her. During the Christmas time it was even worse. She could not or would not help. ", " Easily the best warehouse environment included with the best people, from the basic associate to the location supervisor. Everyone is so helpful, considerate, and kind throughout the work day/night, even when things aren't going well for the warehouse. Definitely great as a first job. ", " Good place to work and gain more knowledge and develop your skills For freshers good start. For hardworking people always good place job security is also there. ", " At Amazon there is constant work. As a corporate facility everyone is motivating towards their work and always willing to promote when needed. When talent is recognized their always willing to move associates forward. ", " dealing with customers from the comfort of my home was great wish it had better training could be more in depth other than that no real complaints not lots of room for advancement ", " The vibe of the work place is very busy, but fun at the same time. You have the opportunity to meet lots of other humans &amp; build relationships. It isn't so strict, but the work does get done. No one wants to work with a pushy boss. Amazon is a different environment than most other jobs, this is why i loved being part of the staff. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon gives you the opportunity to develop your skills with opportunities throughout the company.  Fulfillment Centers are a fast paced environment with a diversity with co-workers. ", " very poor management and unorganized work spaces made this job difficult and no human interaction during the shift made it even more unenjoyable  because i am a people person. ", " Amazon.com is a good internet company to work for if you thrive in an environment that's fast paced, often innovating and experimenting, and very demanding of the human capacity to perform and be a resource for growth.    Amazon is not afraid to pivot on a dime and disregard any practice or strategy that's not aiding in its progression to ultimate customer obsession.  If this sounds like an environment you'd be comfortable in than you'll love it.  If this sounds unsafe, insecure, and exhausting to you than you'll hate it and be ready to walk out after about an hour on the job.  If you're hungry for opportunity to climb the corporate ladder fast than give it a try.  They are growing and expanding like crazy.    Otherwise, you'll be unhappy, worn-out, and grumpy. ", " you work to the bone, but you are well compensated for your time. Plenty of advancement to be had as long as you are willing to sacrifice your time for it. all in all it's  great place to be. ", " Amazon is great place to work it has an overall friendly atmosphere!! Excellent benefit packages. Phenomenal management team ", " Amazon is a highly physical job with four 10 hour work days and with management that is a hit or miss with experience. Lots of different people with different personalities. ", " working at a fulfillment center is hard work. you will be required to walk. miles of walking. buy some comfy work shoes. depending on where you work, you will have 10 hour work day plus mandatory overtime. ", " Isn't an enjoyable place to work as a member of staff did not feel welcome although saying that other people may enjoy it there ", " work on your own. you load up your van with packages you are assigned to and drop off the packages to the assigned customers . This job is paid by the route and not hourly. ", " Productive and very fun place to work with opportunities to advance. I have learned from day one that this a customer obsessed company and, to work hard and have fun and most of all the customer is most important part of this company as it should be with all companies. ", " Amazon likes to say they move people up and promote people to higher positions whenever possible. But in reality they choose favorites and move people up that way. And it is not typical warehouse work, the work they have you do is extremely mind numbing. I often got headaches from doing the work they assigned me everyday. ", " many of the tasks i did were based on individual performance. with some effort things get done efficiently and after a while effortlessly, pay close attention to how you handle the merchandise ", " It was a pretty cool job, a bit repetitive (isn't every job) my only problem is the respect management gives, or doesn't give. At times they were rude. ", " Long hours, small pay, and body aches. That pretty much sums it up. I learned that I am not cut out for this type of work. I am use to working in an office setting not a warehouse setting. The hardest part of the job was being on my feet for 10 - 11 hours a night for 4 - 5 nights a week.  For me, there really was not enjoyable part.  I did enjoy making a check but it was not worth the wear and tear on my body.  I am still paying for it.  My left knee and ankle will probably never be the same. ", " Very hard place to work for, benefits and pay is good but management and HR department needs some work- workers needs are not listened to or taken into consideration ", " You work long days, doing hard work and management does not appreciate any of it. Area managers only care about themselves because it's their jobs on the line if their team doesn't perform at a high rate. ", " If you need a job cause you are straight out of high school. this would be the job to get because it is a way for you to work and go to school at the same time. ", " It is overall not a bad job, it was easy to get. You go through a mass hiring event. The job is simple pretty easy to learn, but there should be more management involvement in choosing who gets promoted. They just go oh you look like you can do the job so here it is. In actuality the person has the intelligence of a light bulb but no one is actually holding these people accountable. Instead they are putting them in charge of other people who have way more sense and cant stand working below them. ", " Long Hours. Cold. How to build and correctly wrap pallets. Co-workers are okay, some funny, some grumpy. Keeping an eye on too many chutes at one time. the most enjoyable part is when the main line stops/breaks down. ", " I was responsible for staffing of departments, specifically the TV returns division. It was my first time working inside a warehouse setting and working with primarily temporary employees. So I learned that you have to take different management styles with temporary versus permanent employees. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " On a typical work day we are assigned a place to go by management. Management will listen to you if you tell them that you need to take a break, but keep in mind that every position has rate that needs to be met. ", " They say that they'll give you hours but once you start working they try to keep you at a minimum of 20 hours I worked there for 4 months and was told after 3 months I would be given a raise and I didn't get a raise so I had left to go to another company since Amazon was not a place to grow or move up the ladder ", " Very good company for hard working employees , they give all kind of facilitates like , coffee , cappuccino and water free ,  all kind of benefits, more care about safety , willing to learn lots of things. ", " If you don't like to work, this is not the job for you. I got a chance to work for the fulfillment center as well as for Prime Now. It was so much fun. ", " I love everything about the place, it's a great place to work for. I am able to help customers with obtaning anything available with just touch of a fingertip. ", " would recommend this job to anyone staff are friendly and overall happy and enjoyable to work there the canteen and all areas of the warehouse is clean and nice work in. ", " I started working at Amazon about 2 weeks ago. Its very organized and the productivity there is always I improving. I would like TT o convert but I want to work somewhere full time. ", " Could be such a great place to work, however this is not always the case. Think carefully before you jump in.  Hours are long and you are expected to work these hours. ", " I only did this job for the season and was trying to go full time with the company but they denied my application even though i when above and beyond for them. They use people to get the holidays done then get rid of them like yesterday's news. I dont recommend this place of work. ", " Unorganized. Very inconsiderate. Work harder than your paid. By the time you get to the break room Your break is over. They have very rude PAs and Never are organized. It's slave work. ", " Kiss your work life balance goodbye. Working 14 hours a day is the norm here. Breaks are discouraged. Management is a top down blame game. Coworkers are helping you get through your day, if they are not too busy trying to out compete you. ", " Good job good work good team liked the environment pay decent overall good experience learned fast easy process to get hired stop asking me to review ", " It is a great place to work but if u have a family amazon doesnt seem to care. I worked 5 twelve hour nights.  Managers are awesome. Big turnover. Awesome benefits ", " What I enjoyed most about this job was the benefits and not being monitored all the time when out on deliveries. You basically run on your own time, but still have to get done with your route at a fair pace. The hardest part was making sure packages don't get stolen when they're out of your hands after the package was delivered. A typical day I would start early, hop in a assigned Amazon truck with my route attached to my scanner, load my truck at the warehouse and afterwards, head to my destination and proceed with my route. Usually, I used to finish within 7-8 hours then I'd get to go home. The one thing I learned with this job is to have patience, because most times, you'd be in a rush to go home, but this job made me realize to be patient and calm and everything usually goes smoothly. ", " Basically, your job is to mantain a continues fast space. Holidays are hard because you need to stay, there are no options to leave if they have a lot of orders. ", " I enjoyed learning new things at Amazon. The co-workers were nice and had strong work ethics. My experience at the ship dock focused on teamwork and eliminating congestion. The job demanded extra effort on some days, but the management was understanding. ", " Fun company with great people. The hours are long and it's hard work, but you are paid well for it. Management is helpful and understanding,but the attendance policy is strict and leaves no room for illnesses. They do not accept doctor's excuses nor do they tolerate laziness. The best time to work there is peak (holidays). Shifts are 10 to 12hrs. Be prepared to sweat! They promote fun as long as you keep moving while you do it! ", " Overall a nice place to work. In my opinion, there's currently too many employees already, but everyone generally gets along, we get dinners for the holidays, they give away gift cards from time to time to the employees with the highest scan rates, and sometimes, there are opportunities to pick up extra shifts if you would like more hours. You get a good workout by working here, that's for sure! ", " Waste of time! Signed up to be a delivery driver in Columbus ohio 2 months ago and so far ive only worked 7 hours!   There are NEVER any hours available even though my availability is set to open every day of the week.  The app is the absolute worst from having to download a non approved app to the map routing software seeming like its from 1996.  Everytime i email amazin via the app i get a generic response back that seems to be computer generated.  I signed up to work yet i dont understand how between amazon prime and the food deliveries, nothing is available esp during this christmas rush.  Save your time and dont count on working at all ", " Co-Workers are great, Management is very helpful and always on top of things. Job is very strict on safety concerns and efficiency is key to your success with the company. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " it is an atmosphere that is busy, they supply you with the tools that are needed for the job.  verry employee friendly. Management is helpfull and there are lots of benefits for the employee ", " The money was good, The management of handling the money portion was sometimes wrong. The leadership was good. The coworkers are motivating. ", " The company overall was good but my building was terrible. We never hit our numbers so we were always on 12 hours for five days. Management didn't know what they were doing at all. MDW6 needs help. ", " Working at amazon was a great experience and I wish that I could have stayed there I did not leave because of the company but because of a personal reason would definitely recommend working here. ", " The primary quality I gained from working in Amazon is major discipline, in regards to ; safety, quality and productivity.  Also The social atmosphere was good for boosting morale ", " The average day at amazon was very stressful, management team never communicates with employees. The hardest part of my job was going and doing my best and always being criticized. ", " A very technically minded organization with a view to proactively engage with new prospects.  One is offered the opportunity to grow and develop whilst learning new things. For example, I went into the role as a salesperson but have since developed my sales operation skills. Co-workers are very nice and approachable. Management ethos is one of \"don't bring me a problem unless you have a solution too\" - I like this because it does make you think outside the box. The hardest part of the job is building a successful sales process but that is in fact the most fun thing about working here as I am making a positive impact. ", " Excellent company to work for if you are ready to work for a company doing business on a global scale.  Amazon.com definitely values customers as their company culture revolves around it's customers.  Since I worked for this company, I have gained excellent customer service skills to keep customers in the center of everything I do.  Through working here, I have obtained knowledge and experience to work for any company with confidence. I highly recommend working here!! ", " It was a nice fats paced place to work which I loved because you were always busy. The staff were really amazing and helpful they always maid sure to make everything clear on our assignments. ", " good company to work for. fun place to work and the people are great. the money is good to as it is weekly pay which is a great help. they dont take no bullying or anything ", " I really enjoyed my job at Amazon. Everyone there welcomes you with open arms even if you are shy. I loved that the ambassadors took there time to make sure we understood our jobs we'll enough before we went on the floor. The pay was awesome and I would recommend anyone to apply. ", " when I worked here I had a lot of different people I worked with and worked for. it was a fast pace job and I had no problem doing my job everyday. I have a lot of skills learned there. ", " Not too many positives just a lot of headaches. Usually got along with my management and co workers.  The main issues were with customers stealing and being disrespectful. ", " The job that amazon offert to me was very hard and a lot of hours. The shift was very long and without enough breaks The manager were incredible, they teach a lot in the training days, and in the normal days they ask you and help when you need anything. ", " It was fast paste and sometimes very demanding but it paid off the notebooks you did. Good benefits killdeer meals and drinks. Paid holidays and double overtime pay. ", " i don't know what to say the job was hard and i quit after 2 months  if you really need the money then apply other then that it was kinda boring and night shifts made you not have time. ", " This is basically High School all over again folks. You work around 10+45 people at any given time with the age range of 18-25 year olds predominately there so keep your head down at first, know who to talk to and who to stay away from. Managers are a joke, if you work and don't talk a whole lot you'll blend in and be okay. Only the Sort Warehouses in my opinion are worth working at. Those ones won't fire you because you didn't hit the expected rate, although they do check for that. Sort Warehouses are only part time though, and if you want full time there you'll have to have some kind of degree. Some people use this job as if it was eHarmony. Don't get caught up. Don't get played. This is good first job, just be street smart. ", " I worked during the holidays so I was working 10 to 11 hour shifts every week packing boxes and sending them to the conveyor. The most enjoyable the multiple and music that would play during work. The management was great, I did't have any type of issues with them and they answered any question that I had. the hardest part was getting up at 5:30 to be there by 6:30. Some of the Co-workers that I met I instantly connected with and where the people I would sit with during lunch. ", " Not a bad job and great pay but some of the managers aren't the best. They say there is lots of room for advancement but there itsn't much but lots of turnover. ", " Great place to work.  Provides a good entry level position for individuals who are willing to learn and grow with the company.  Good benefits are offered to all who are interested in having their families provided with a stable package to adequately give each family. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " My overall experience with Amazon is one for the record books as I had managed to make history as the fastest worker in the history of the company within 2 months as a Temp and maintained my status as the reining MVP after being hired on. Leading my team to maintain our status as the number 1 team/shift in the entire Amazon network in 3 different departments over the course of 10 months. ", " Great fast paced job. Always need to be alert and focused. Nice management team and room for growth. Tuition reimbursement programs and a diverse environment ", " This company was a solid job in my opinion the work was not tough and it were opportunities of beneifits and traveling package with all expensinses paid. I ended up leaving due to the chance to be employed by a better job ", " It was a good learning experience. Taught me very good time management skills. Typical day would be arrive to the warehouse, pick up the packages &amp; deliver the rest of the day. If down early, help with other deliveries. The hardest part of the job was memorizing all the different routes &amp; apartment passwords/gate codes. ", " Manufacturing environment with round the clock operation. Can make work/life balance difficult for those with families. Great place for growth with those fresh out of college. ", " Amazon is a fast passed company . With a lot of fantastic Benefits and a driven Management team.One thing is for certain you work hard for those benefits ! That pay is Good but I wouldn't think about staying long term unless you are going to apply a trade , degree or schooling to a non entry level job . ", " Amazon is a great place to work. They really take care of their employees. Great benefits and room of promotions. Love the four days on and three days off. ", " This place is fun and an safe environment . The coworkers are nice, and they have good benefits. Working at this amazon is better than any other place I've worked , its an easy and stable place to work. ", " typical day at work with nice friendly people who work hard for their paychecks each and every day, while working shifts in the moring and night. ", " Long hours short breaks no life if your on night shift can send you home if it's quiet even if you have no way of getting home till public transport starts. they just don't care ", " good and friendly environment, good benefits. training is efficient. multiple breaks in between shifts. safe and just an over all great place to work as long as you don't mind walking for pretty much 12 hours every day/night. ", " we work 10 hour days with a 30 minute lunch break and two 15 minute breaks. We work in a friendly environment with the expectation of making rate on a daily basis. ", " Extremely fast paced Quite flat in structure Lot of responsibility Lot of interesting projects/ opportunities in emerging areas such as AWS, Echo eCommerce runs like a machine as business is well understood, and you are just asked to optimize and grow  Lot of politics in ecommerce, a little less on AWS  Annual review: force to right negative about people, and extremely grueling process to focus on small misses on part of people to stack rank  No benefits besides salary  Health plan is not so good ", " There is no such thing as a typical day at Amazon, things change rapidly. This is a place that requires an adjustable person. Management make sure they are attentive to everyone's needs. Depending on customer needs at times you are required to stay 1 hour over your scheduled shift and you will not know until you arrive at work. ", " Let's just say Amazon leadership looks out for leadership. Who cares about the little guys. The place is a dog eat dog world. You basically have to be a suck up and not ask questions if you want to make it there. They are really strict about being time off task, you cant even use the bathroom to long without leadership breathing down your neck. ", " The hours did not work with the fact that I am a single mother, looking to make a better living for myself and kids. Had to end up leaving ", " Just sometimes hectic and unorganized a lot of not knowing what's going on more focused on getting product out vs quality of product no real system in place for advancement hours are hectic with no as much work during peak times ", " Stress is what a typical day is made of, but you will learn a lot since you are in competition with everyone. The management is not that bad, the co-workers are always awesome. ", " fast environment I learned how to handle multiple problems with multiple at the same time. my manager was rude most of the time but she got the job done. my coworkers were awesome and extremely friendly. nothing about the job was hard. and I didn't really enjoy it either because the leaders only cared about the job and nothing else ", " I was so proud to be hired by Amazon, but then I got there and the miserable, depressing reality set it. If you are the kind of employee that gets motivated by getting written up (even for things that aren't ultimately your fault due to sheer ignorance/inexperience) then Amazon may be for you. Breaks seem far and few in between and short, because you have to walk hundreds of yards to a break area more times than not.   For the position I held mind numbing mindless repetition was the order of the day with very little human contact. Have a question or concern? You manager is most likely nowhere to be found. In fact you might only see him/her when they come up to give you negative feedback or to write you up. Little to no positive reinforcement/encouragement. This was the first job I've ever had where they showed us an \"active shooter\" video during orientation. Having been exposed to amazon's management style I see why, and they know it.   Coworkers over all seemed pretty much miserable. You don't even have to eavesdrop to hear that there is far too much unhappiness there, for no reasonable reason. In my time there it was harder to find someone that hadn't been written up than had been written up. I would venture to say it was over 80% turnover in my time there. That's something else they know, morale is low. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Long hard hours   Learned how to work at a good paste to get the job done   The management was great   Coworkers help each other   The hardest part was only the overstuffed products  I enjoyed everything about the job ", " A typical day at work is rush, rush, rush. It feels like there is never enough time to finish an e-mail before you are bombarded by oblivious or angry callers. The time metrics are nearly impossible to achieve for brand new employees but you are still held to the same standard as those people who've been there for 10 years.  There is SO MUCH to know and you have very little time to know it all.If you don't know it all you'll be put on a chopping block. I did learned a little bit about how to handle angry, oblivious, or inconsolable individuals over the phone and in the office....in the office. Management is OK but they seem very distant from the employees and the reality of what we were actually doing. It was kind of irritating. About the coworkers...You will meet some pretty amazing people but you will also meet equally unamazing people. More of the latter. The hardest part of working this job will be juggling your metrics and consideration for the seller. It's definitely not easy but I don't think it was intended to be. Bezos wants to weed out regulars and pay the amazing people with hard dog turds as a reward. The health insurance and OT are great so if you can handle top tier stress about if you will have your job next month or out on the streets, this is the job for you. ", " The work here is very easy messy and fun. Towards the weekend is very busy and gives you a chance to show off your skills. Everyone here is happy at all times. ", " Love the environment great benefits from day one great pay and hours available. I really enjoyed working for this company ", " If your looking for a job that isn't very bodily tasking then this is the job you're looking for. It is not a bad place to work at but, when I think of work I think of being worked and moving around. Not staying in a 5 foot radius for 10 hours. ", " very busy helping out lots of happy customers.learn different types of jobs when needed.management is disorganized and coworkers are friendly.hardest part of job is standing in one place most of the day. making customers happy is exciting,\\. ", " It is a good job in general. Just with balancing college and a fulltime night shift it is a bit hard. I find it quite challenging to be a full time student and work night shift. If it was day shift it would be a lot easier due to the fact that waking up at 5 a.m. Is a lot better than waking up at 3 p.m. Sleeping in that late just messes with your whole schedule. ", " As an intern, I had a wonderful mentor who walked me through the design process for creating a product concept that I got to pitch to Amazon leadership at the end of my internship. Alongside working on my main project, I also got to contribute to my team's current in-flight projects. While the intern culture wasn't as strong as other corporations I interned at, the work experience was very valuable and I had a lot of support from my team. ", " As expected, you are on your feet all day. It is a fast paced environment, and you have to maintain a daily rate to ensure your productivity meets the company's expectations. The hardest part of the job is maintaining your rate and productivity if your replenishing team can not keep up with your work pace. ", " Great place, great environment, great people. Lots of VOLUNTARY overtime! Only 4 day work weeks with 40 hours. Long weekends if you choose not to work overtime but overtime almost always available. ", " The hardest part was standing on my feet. I loved my job and my other coworkers. I learned how to work in an assembly line and how to push myself to work harder. ", " ok, hard work but can be boring as doing the same thing every night, they're always watching your every move, security walking round, getting scanned and having to sign out to go to the toilet, but there are people there who are a bit light fingered, but they get found out, get on with the job and you'll be alright. ", " I am doing 13 hour per day! Coming in after along days work back into the warehouse to be told that i am doing it to much by the book and need to take shortcuts. Also being sent home after being told to come in saying there is not enough routes available giving me the bill of \u00a3180 pound to pay for a van.  Now to day group DEVA have told me to hand back the van because i have had 3 days off this week. Monday is my day off as i have to take 1 day off because of amazons rules, Then the Tuesday i had a friends funeral witch they had 2 weeks notice about, Then to have no hours sent to me the Tuesday night witch then means i would have been sent home with no route same as the last week and week before on the Wednesday morning at my cost.  Now i am getting a sneak showing of the door asking me to give up the van and promised that i will be placed in a old van when it becomes available, witch i will never ever see or hear of.      Great Amazon providing jobs for 3 weeks at a time!   Also have been under paid for the short time of work here after all the hours and personal time i have given for the company. ", " Enjoyed the work environment. Met our needs as a temporary, well paying job.  They also paid for our RV site and utilities.  Required long hours (holiday season) to meet demand. ", " i was always on the move.  I learned to do paper work and I was sometimes in charge of my area because the manager was sometimes not there. Some of the groups of people were at times hard to understand and some of the questions were complicate to figure out what they were trying to say.  The hardest part was to figure out what station I was going to be at for the day.  The most enjoyable part was getting to know the new people who would be soon full time employees and seeing them improve on there skills with the different tasks. ", " I worked four 10 hours shift in a row until holidays came around. Then my hours went from 40 a week to 50, or possibly 60 a week. It's a fun fast paced job, and I was given an opportunity to become an ambassador, and a few days I would train new people in my specific jobs. ", " Working at Amazon has been a very exciting experience both personal and professional. This job has given be the opportunity to explore abilities that allowed me to grow and get stronger. ", " Workers are often rotated to several areas.  There is no problem with training, benefits begin the first day and the pay is good.  However, speaking up about concerns or criticizing is not received well and seems to impact job security. ", " At Amazon I picked products that were ready to be shipped out to customers as well as packed the products when they were ready to be sent down the conveyor to be loaded into the trucks. This job often times required me to fix the ranpack machines as well as the label maker whenever they would malfunction.  At this job I also had to teach the new employees how to do these things as well so they would learn for the future. ", " i liked working there you got to pretty much window shop and look at the items you wanted to buy yourself and they pricing is very affordable. the pay is great they have great benefits. you get to meet a lot of cool and interesting people they have a lot of different positions. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I really enjoy to work for Amazon Ltd LB1.  I got experience inbound (Receive) and into ICQA department.  I worked in safety in up to date warehouse.  I have had a good communication into team and I got positive feedback,  100% quality and productivity. ", " During peak season you will be expected to work 12 hours a day 6 days a week. Very strict atmosphere. 30 min lunch, two 15 min  break for a 11 hour shift. ", " very bad worst place ive ever worked its a plantation jobover worked and under paid to many mandatory hours no home time or family time requirments are out of controll ", " love this job sometime it can be a pain in the but the checks are worth it and sometimes i wanted to quit and let it all go but i hold and then i eventually quit but the job was not for me and i wanted a better career and then the job would not let me advance in the company due i was  to slow in one area but because someone may be slow are not strong in one area they may be wonderful in another area and you wouldnt know because you never gave them a shoot in another position ", " This was a good place to work. work compensation for dock workers should be more then what is paid for the work they have you do.(we were over worked and paid the same as a packer) turn over for dock was very high. some of the managers didn't have good people skills. ", " Fast paced, good paying, the only con would be the long hours and days away from family, unless you get a reasonable schedule or department then you're good! ", " I loved working at Amazon, they're productive, fast paced, always have something that needs to be done. The managers are extremely nice, so are other associate's. I made multiple friends. It was an overall great learning experience. ", " This company is great in terms of benefits and work culture. Pay is also very good here as well with many opportunities for advancement. If you are lucky enough or skilled enough to get a tier 3 position or higher take it and run with it. ", " Amazon is the best warehouse that i have worked with because it is fun while working, team work is excellent and good working condition. ", " Just everything about this job is so great the management team, the co-worker's I really like the feeling of being apart of something bigger then just myself. I would Recommend this job to anyone who's looking to push them self and get the most out of life! ", " Amazon is a great place to work. I enjoyed the people I worked with. Management is pretty good. I would definitely reapply to work here again. ", " This was an easy job and I got paid every two weeks. If they noticed someone doing a great job they will actually give you compliments and also gifts for your hard work. ", " It's a very busy warehouse your constantly in movement. The only thing is that sometimes they have you work seven days a week with no days off. But as long as you do your job you are okay with management. ", " Its a fun place to work if you are a machine. They are all about numbers and not quality. Their production rate is more important than the way the product looks. ", " Employees are pretty much unappreciated on a daily basis. It is a very unorganized company the upper staff make it hard to catch up with them. Amazon offers as little help as possible. ", " Although my time with Amazon was enjoyable, it was demanding both physically and mentally. I like the company in general, but management needs improvement. I guess because of the demands of the job, a lot of them are disrespectful. ", " then get rid of you.  atypical work day barely any work management was unprofessional co workers were to busy worried about everything but the job the hardest part of the job its pretty easy   the recognition ", " I have worked at amazon a few time as a temp and once as a blue badge, the system is set up for failure, you never know what your accurate rate is, and the amount you need to make rate changes. you dont get pardoned for lack of work. favoritism, management changes several times a year. the benefits dont compensate for the pay difference. some temps would make 2 dollars more than full time employees. the insurance isnt the greatest, and the hr dept doesnt really seem to have the employees in their best interest. ", " That place is heartless and very filthy. They sure do have a lot of favoritism. Harassment in a hostile is what they deal with. employers supposed to provide a healthy environment for their staff. People come to work sick passing on viruses. Amazon.com amcare staff is very nasty. They can't do anything about nothing for anybody sickness, they are there just to give you the ok to go to the hospital.stowing is not easy due to the Dust. Imagine that with people walking around with illnesses passing it on. Is like a party in there every night that place is crazy to work. I got sick twice within 2 weeks.People talking in your face. And management don't care. they only care about rates. ", " A typical day at work was checking inventory issues from customer complaints on product that was wrong size, wrong color, didn't work, or expired. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people and learning new things daily to maintain inventory integrity for the company as well as the customer.  The worst part of the job was the heat in the warehouse during the summer time before they installed air conditioners. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A good place to work with your friends and socialize. You can get away with doing nothing and the managers are pretty relaxed. ", " This work place is for top workers, because even the work is demanding and some times extensive demanding, is also rewarding and you know if performing, you will achieve the best. I feel as home when going to work, not a joke. ", " My honest opinion is that working at amazon was no biggie up till the point when management tells you you have a write up on your \"quality\" (which is a statistic they use to see how many defects you are putting out). Main reason why I say those things is because the management plays favorites, and there's this process called labor tracking they use when people aren't on computers; for example people taking boxes out of a truck, which sucks for the people that are on computers scanning things in for the warehouse cant really make that many mistakes. In all fairness the job isn't bad at all because you can switch departments and try to get promoted if possible, but you have to be willing to take your chances with the weekly criteria/rate they give you or the people that just walk around labor tracked and take there time without a care in the world. ", " good place to work good place to work but they weren't organized and that's something I really don't like but they did have good food and a nice size cafeteria ", " Very punctual atmosphere in respect to performance and availability. Every employee is required to uphold their task at a respectable rate to keep the warehouse efficient. Flexibility for schedule is available after an earned seniority. ", " Since working at Amazon, I've noticed a big increase in staff and expectations, but employees who work the hardest don't usually get all the praise they deserve. I believe Amazon lacks in employee moral support. ", " It's a fast paced environment. I enjoyed working there the short term I was there. I'm always happy to meet new people. I would love to work there again. ", " Long hours, need better rest periods. 12 hour shifts only 2 breaks. Harsh on the back. Great idea to have first aid on site ", " Depending on department, job can be easy and boring, or challenging and frustrating. Everyone get use to the long employee tours, the security clearance, and the short breaks. I've learned many warehousing areas, educational programs, and how to maintain myself during the 10 hours on the clock. ", " I love it. Easy work and light shifts. I like how it's really diverse and multicultural there.  My experience there was pretty good. ", " Training is half of one day. After that, you know exactly what to expect each day.  Scan bar codes and move items from a shelf to a tote. ", " I cannot recommend Amazon, in particular Amazon Go, for employment. Amazon uses hidden agendas and masks their intentions using \"corporate secrecy\". I was approached by Amazon with promises that quickly were realized as mis-truths. You will find them extremely arrogant in their self-image. This leads to high turn-over. You may act on good faith but do not expect Amazon too.  Amazon lures talent with money, which is very good, but has an extreme \"use and discard\" culture. Honestly, had they been more truthful I would have refused the job. I was hired in as a Sr HW Manager. ", " The job was easy but you basically had to put items anywhere. They want you to have bin etiquette but it is basically impossible with all the items that are in the wrong spot. The breaks are too short and the 12 hour shifts are honestly horrible. You literally go to work and sleep no time for family and the management knows it. ", " Fast paced, very alone, you have to reach a certain quota everyday . I had to do the picking and sorting postitions and it was really fun anhd fast paced. ", " There is a lot of favoritism when it comes to working inside  Amazon warehouse. The work is EASY, they make it hard for us. But when the new management came, everything changed. Even quality, performance wise and policy wise. I felt like management was baffling me and telling me anything I wanted to hear just so I can get the job done. Although, their pay/benefits are good I honestly felt like my time there was a waste and I am hurt because I really saw myself growing and perusing and small step into my career. ", " Good work ethics but very strict. Very friendly people to work with lots of training given. Seems hard to become permanent as an agency worker as they get rid of a lot of people without giving them chances. ", " It was not the job for me being i had a lot of panic knowing school was going to start and it sucked. I want to go places and i felt trapped just like i do in my on home when working there was driving me crazy ", " everyday coming in the morning and leaving at night, 12 hour shifts, i am lifting and placing totes in their labeled category ", " Great day at Amazon learned all kinds of job and how the company work well with employees Management not that great Coworkers cause trouble and not being corporated The hardest part is working six days per week during peek season Is getting a lot of time off and sometimes the company treats us for lunch ", " Hard work but worth it. Good culture and always useful to have Amazon UK on your CV. Early starts not a problem after a week. Work targets were a bit tough but I still coped with the temporary contract. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Its a regulaf work place enviroment, coworkers are friendly in hard working, management are also friendly always asking associates about your worries and concerns and will always give feedback ", " A fast pace, highly structured company. Offers a wide range of positions and departments. Management can make or break your level of success and satisfaction while you're employed there. Great opportunity to broaden your skill set and learn the ropes of a corporate company that focuses on customer service. ", " Pros:     Learn a lot in small amount of time. Great potential employees.     Compensation is very competitive    Learn to work at very fast pace and rapidly changing environments    Benefits  Cons:     Management: Leaders use their role to risk your job if they have personal feelings against you.     Work Life Balance: You practically live at the fulfillment centers ", " I loved working for Amazon, because of the customer contact, good or negative, where you can turn a person's whole day around by finding a resolution for their issue. However, there is a push to be quick about finding that resolution, so the customer experience can be turned negative if you hurry with them. A lot of my customers were elderly and electronically-challenged, and they appreciated me taking the time with them to help fix or set up their products, or issue refunds for faulty products. ", " Amazon is a place where you can come in and get out at a reasonable time. The work is not to complicated but you will be on your feet for the majority of the time. The hardest part about working at Amazon is keeping a high scan rate. The most enjoyable part about working at Amazon is at break time they may have snacks and treats. Also they have a system where they may give away electronic items and gift cards. ", " I love the job benefits and the people that work at amazon. My day at amazon starts bright and early. I walk and stand for 10 hours a day. I do multiple things everyday. My management team is awesome they are very understanding and helpful. I have learned a lot of new skills working with amazon in a short period of time doing multiple jobs. My co workers are great people to work with everyone helps each other out when needed. I get along with everyone I work with. I enjoy meeting and working with new people at my job. The hardest part of my job is the extremely heavy lifting. ", " This job is all about getting out inventory as fast as possible. Too many strict policies, regulations and guideline to follow. I don't even care to work for this job ever again. ", " A typical day was mixed as you did not know what you would be doing from one hour to the next. The management micro-managed everything, so stopped innovations by the staff. All of the staff are polite &amp; mostly friendly. The hardest part of the job was the 14 miles walked every night. The most enjoyable part was the interaction with other members of staff. ", " We meet as group, do a 5-minute stretch and check the board for our assignments for which area of the warehouse we will be working. The hardest part of the job is probably working in the freezer whether your stowing, receiving, or picking food. The most enjoyable part of the job is being in the warmer room of course, but playing music while working makes the job go by much more smoothly. ", " I really enjoyed getting to know the employees and becoming good friends with them. The competitive part of the job always had me working harder. I would get to the top of the list for going really fast. It was a really great job even though it was only seasonal, I loved it. The management was really understanding and made work fun for us.The hard part of the job was getting up really early morning, but it did make me feel better about my day because once I would get off work I would still have the rest of my day left. ", " Been working there for almost 2 years, I enjoyed the experience I learned there but it's time to move on to something different.  Management has changed, changing the overall mood of the shift I'm in and progressively became less enthusiastic to come into work.  I would have recommended this job when I first started out, but not anymore unless you really need that extra cash. ", " Job was extremely fast paced and hectic. Up and down, round and and round. Management was stressing speed and quotas to be met. Ambulances were present at the employee entrance on a daily basis because there was no AC. The hardest part of the job was the job itself. What I learned was \"don't work for amazon if you want to stay healthy!\" ", " Great team and communication. I really enjoyed leading and managing the teams. We really pulled together as a group to accomplish our goals, and were very effective at achieving them. Management was effective at communicating objectives and setting us up for success to achieve such goals. ", " My first day with Amazon was 11/25/2014. My last day there was 2/16/2016. I had enough time saved to put my two weeks notice in, and never go back. I was an electrical power production journeyman for the Airforce. I also worked as an aerospace ground equipment technician for the U.S. Air National guard. I applied several times times for their facilities level 1 tech position. I knew all the hiring managers, I also had great work ethic and a desire to learn more. But for some reason I never got the chance for the position. I worked my way up to ambassador, and was a seasonal tier 3 safety coordinator. I had high hopes with a career at Amazon, but it's bureaucracy prevented it from happening. Don't let Amazon take advantage of you if you're aspiring for a professional career. ", " Fast paste working environment, stowing  putting away products for 10 hour days , great place to work at and  It has good Pat and really good benefits. ", " The environment was unsafe.  The place is always hot, when break time came you had to walk almost a mile before you got to the break room then if you needed to warm up anything to eat the microwaves were not available so that sometimes took up your break time and your 30 minutes of Lunch time. Some of the co-worker did things that was not allowed and when going to management to inform them of such work habits nothing was done.  Too many injuries and when one did get injury you were sometimes released from the company. ", " My typical day consists of working safely and quickly while providing quality and quantity to make sure customers orders are first priority. I have learned how to be a positive influence on new hires while training them, how to lead production lines, and various job functions. Management varies but are there when needed and has the time for employees needs while trying to ensure shift numbers are meant. I work with various cultures as well as people with disabilities. I enjoy when the company gives out incentives for their employees for their hard work. ", " I've worked for the company for 2 years. i am a very hard worker that shows up everyday early and leaves late only to have my hard work overlooked. its been 2 failed attempts for me trying to move up. instead positions are filled by the kiss up people that work there. they say its an equal opportunity for everyone that applies for a higher position but i doubt it. they know exactly who they're going to promote so if you're not looking to move up with the company this place is perfect for you. be prepared to have no life due to the amount of hours they require employees to work. ", " At the peak time managers, PAs and ambassadors will treat employees in good and professional manner. However, when the peak is over everything will change. You will expect frequent rotation, a lot of VTO offer, few hours to work and overall disrespect toward employees especially from manger' helpers such as ambassadors and PAs. ", " I work through Amazon.com so I can pretty much go to work anytime I log into the website. When I get sells and reviews on products, they are usually sent to me within 24 hours. It is the perfect job to have on the side while advancing in your career. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " not managed very well rather disorganised   once on the road its not too bad other than when your device fails  pays well   most people barley speak English ", " A typical day consists of supplying stowers with work that comes off of mostly 53 foot trailers. Usually the unit count would be well in excess of 8,000 units. Also the relocation of various product and other things between buildings. I have learned a tremendous amount from this job, including the ability to manage a specific work area. The management is phenomenal, and responsive to feedback. The hardest part of the job would have to be the effects of a long, arduous day. The most enjoyable part of the job would have to be the satisfaction of a job well done. ", " Great place to work i moved from the area , but i miss the place.great staff . A lot if my citizens working there .. great place ", " I liked working here but i  the whole placed lacked professionalism and order. No one knew who was a manager. From the time i was employed there i had no idea who my manager was because it was never addressed to me and i had issues that i was told that only my manager or supervisor could handle but they were never resolved. This alone made working there terrible. ", " Ultra competetive atmosphere but the hours are good and the management is upbeat. I work on the line so my job is just scanning boxes. They keep track of how many boxes you do per hour and post them in the break room. This makes a very competetive atmosphere ", " its a fun place to work and my co-worker are lively, but the workload is too much at the warehouse I will recommend this job for a male because you will be lifting throughout the shift ", " Great place to work with and good inviorment.Solid company great staff and coworkers. Everyday work was easy light and enjoyable overtime was good paying hours. ", " It was very pleasure to work there and i would like \ud83d\udc4d to work at Amazon again and again.However I enjoyed and I have made many good friends and that made me happier. ", " I enjoy working at amazon I have learned a lot I started in picking and move to packing and am currently in Icqa  department. I am an ambassador for the learning department I train new associates, also know how to run an orderpicker. ", " At Amazon every day is a challenge. You never know what you will have to do. Their motto is .. WORK HARD, HAVE FUN &amp; MAKE HISTORY ''. Overall Amazon is a great place to work. ", " Work wasn't bad, but managers are never on the same page. Was doing 3 different jobs at once and being yelling at by 3 different managers for none being done fast enough. Always sent people home with vto who could be sent to other areas to help. Pay and benefits weren't worth staying at a job that had no room for advancement. Was told by one manager that if I thought me being upset and yelled at was something you should see how he is treated. ", " Arrive at work take, your station, view your assignment, Management  would give a prep talk about the days work and what are production rates should be. Partner up with another co-worker to reach peak production. We have safety exercises throughout the day. The hardest part of the day is when our rates aren't met do to late trucks or improper loading of trucks. The most enjoyable part of the day is hitting rates and helping the company to achieve maximum rates for the day. I feel a sense of accomplishment that I have done my part when at work. ", " Pushed people beyond there limits, not really a one on one job when it comes to training and lack of management. See with me I like to have a interaction with someone that's one of the reasons i choose to like retail because not only do you make people happy you achieve the goal of wanting to make them come back ", " It was alright I didn't really enjoy standing that long of a time but the pay was good. It was a lot of people and the parking lot got crammed. They are on tot about it numbers ", " Great place to work. I have only been working there for about a few weeks but so far it's nothing too difficult. A lot of walking but other than that's it's a good place. ", " i had a great experience working here. the people are great and the work is very rewarding. thank you for the experience. ", " Amazon was one of my favorite jobs of all it felt like a different environment. This warehouse was always fresh I enjoyed loosing a couple pounds , Amazon was your personal and daily gym you would get full on cardio .I learned how to used two different kind of scanner's , I also learned that customer service and packing is the number one tip to being a picker. Always check if things are misplaced or damage. Hardest part of the job was to be on your feet for several hours. Most enjoyable part of it was the lunch room , t had ping pong tables and bean bags . ", " Feedback from customers can make employees star. Conversely, any negative feedback can throw an employee out of the company. Very less focus on employees but all the focus on customer. However, there is motivation in working because when you keep customer at the center of your innovation , you end up doing some cool stuff. Work-life balance can definitely be better. ", " Ok job nice start up place some managers can be extremely rude or don't care on how they treat you so be careful with that good 4 days off work unless your I peak ", " great job if you have another job or in school  management hard to get in contact with  pretty easy money  fun because you get to talk to your coworkers all day "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " In AMAZON i loved working their, very friendly people and loads of people cant get bored, ive learned at amazon that you have to be fast to achieve in life which i also do outside amazon, my managers my teamleaders were very nce and talkative. the hardest part of the job was we had targets to achieve which was 250 per hour and that was nerve wracking. the most enjoyable part of my job was i never got bored i was able to do enjoy myself their. ", " They make sure you're not doing nothing but your job at all times. Can't take bathroom breaks because that goes towards your \"time off task\" and will be written up if its past a certain time. They dont like you to talk, leave your station. Schedule is either 4 days a week for 10 hours or 3 days for 12 hours. Only 30 minute lunch. ", " Great company to work for you would not be disappointed only downfall is is that we're not full time we are only part-time but still a great company to work for and you will not be disappointed ", " The work load seemed very unrealistic.  Wanting numbers that most cannot reach, and most cannot keep doing repeatedly from day to day,  standing, ladders, scanning for ten hours a day, four days a week.  The repeated motions lead to aches, pains and stiffness in joints and back, that would cause one not to not perform their job proficiently. ", " I truly enjoy working for Amazon...It has great benefits and the work schedule is Awesome...The Managers are team players, as well as my Co-workers.... ", " A typical day at Amazon usually consist of trying to force yourself to keep going for another ten hours. I learned how to drive PIT which is a great skill to have but other than that, I honestly don't have any more positive things to say. Management as a whole are an OK bunch but when you get to the Area Managers that's where the slippery slope starts. You can either get a really awesome I'm going to teach you everything you need to be a better person or your going to get \"I'm only going to spend my time with these select few and help them on their path to success.\" The hardest part of this job is that I graduated high school a couple of years ago but it honestly feels like I'm back, especially with all the THOTS walking around and all the men who like to complain and rat on everything and everyone, but in all honesty the most enjoyable part was leaving everyday. The ten hour work days are excruciating but the three-day weekends were worth it. I do not recommend Amazon as a company to work for unless you are a brown noser. ", " a regular day consists of picking items off a pallet &amp; putting them onto the the belt / line there is a tote when the system says that crate if full you push it onto the line &amp; replace that crate &amp; continue the process for the most part co workers are friendly people hardest part of the job was night shift standing up 12 hours straight the most enjoyable part of the job was the work schedule. ", " good pay, very productive and overtime opportunities. management was OK but, had to 'pester' to be heard. long 10 hour shifts dragged and the location of work place was difficult (train times in correlation  to end of shift times was harsh) ", " I like working at Amazon but I am ready to move on to someplace else where I will have better advancement. The work is fast paced.  I enjoy working in areas where I can multitask and change gears when necessary. ", " Amazon is a great company to work with...  The work is demanding and challenging at times,  but the co-workers make it a fun place to work.....!!!!!!! ", " It's been almost 3 months since I was hired, yet I still haven't been given an orientation date to start.   If you get hired here, keep looking for work elsewhere and work there until you get actually start this job cause the hiring process takes forever. ", " Amazon is an amazing company. The work culture however, may be improved.  The company is growing at a great pace and is customer oriented. ", " I worked in the legal department for about a year. More emphasis is put on appearing stressed than on actually completing your work on time. Very hostile environment towards both introverts and people with mental illnesses. Little formal professional development training, so your experience is often dictated by the quality of your manager. Unfortunately, the majority of employees do not stay more than a year, so most managers are inexperienced. The company encourages an unsustainable culture of stress, and a good percentage of employees take a leave of absence for mental health reasons. I, for example, was hospitalized for stress after working nine days straight.  Amazon is also notoriously cheap, so work teams don't tend to have events outside of work since they have virtually no budget for social functions. This puts a huge strain on team dynamics. The employee discount is not nearly as good as you'd expect, although the medical benefits are extremely comprehensive - you'll need them to pay for all the therapy visits. ", " Helps you to learn how to work in a fast paced environment. Teaches you how to please customers to a high extremity. This job helps increase your knowledge in business and you get to deliver packages to customers. ", " Good job to have and could make a career out of. The pay is great and they value there employees and has great moral. Great bonuses and management and pays to further education. ", " A typical day at work would be loading trucks, wrangling boxes and packing the daily shipment . I learned how to load trucks properly, and to make sure the shipment label was correctly placed. My co workers were great and made it a friendly environment. The hardest part of my job was getting the heavy boxes to stack properly, and the most enjoyable part of my job was wrangling the boxes off the conveyor ", " I have enjoyed learning about Amazon.com through supporting sellers and now helping test and launch a project within the company. There are many resources available and opportunities abound to improve and grow within the company. ", " Amazon is an interesting place to work depending on where you are placed. In CVG3 it just seems that the AM's (Area Managers) don't really care for their associates as much as they say. When the PA's (Process Associate/Supervisor) is having troubles the AM's just get mad at them because they aren't making the \"numbers\" they should be. ", " A typical day is tedious and fast paced but a wonderful experience. You meet great people from all cultures and backgrounds and they do not discriminate. They are very open about when you work, but at the same time too many call-outs, excuses or overages/shortages and you gain point against you. ", " It was a fun place to work. i learned so much from my co-worker and what i was doin, i enjoyed working there, the hardest part is the rate but we did it as a team . the most enjoyable is the mannager always make a way to make you want to approve your rate by giving us price. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon has it set up where you accumulate time such as personal time, vacation time and unpaid time. The time is there for your own personal use and the more time you save you get an extra bonus on your check. ", " You will work until you drop.management owns you &amp; you need the money so don't talk back. Agree with management. Don't talk about anything you don't want everyone to repeat. HR is a joke while managers back up corporate. Customer driven money spending bonus making penny pinching dog eat dog management straight out of college. ", " Productive work environment that has a good balance between fun and work. Would recommend a level 4 job and above. Amazon will also pay for school, how cool. ", " Overall it's a fast paced working inviorment, you constantly pick and shrink wrap pallets. Great place if you have warehouse experiences. ", " Fun energetic workplace Good benefits Discount on food while working and off the clock Work with a lot of different cultures Clean and organized workplace ", " Working for Amazon is fast-paced from start to finish. Management does a great job of encouraging you to work hard your entire shift and also simplifies your job's process. Keeping a high and steady rate is the hardest part. The company does a good job of providing an enjoyable work atmosphere. You will learn to be efficient and safe at your job. ", " True enough pay is good, however they try to milk out every single dime paid through very unrealistic targets. Pickers suffer it the most. Really long hours per shift and one can be sacked for being off sick. The only good thing at work is the really lovely co worker's (not the management). The agency managers only care about people hitting targets nothing more. ", " Typical day at work includes picking and operating Stand up cherry pickers also packing and making shippers for products ", " You get really tired for those 10 hours standing in your feet .  Is a big place with lots of people with different cultures  but is very uncomfortable to stand that hours in your feet ", " typical day at work with nice friendly people who work hard for their paychecks each and every day, while working shifts in the moring and night. ", " It was fun you always have something to do when you come to work it's never a slow day.... You a rated on speed so you have to work really hard to meet the rate ", " There is no job security here and they only care about your productivity HR team is very biased and don't care they don't value their employees and treat them like scum. Needs much improvement building a employee to employer relationship. The work is easy they train you well to work on the PIT or any other equipment however the training for the other things and how the job runs is poor. Management is \"friendly \" with associates causing conflict of interest and needs more work ", " you will work lots of 10 and 12 hour days. Sometimes 6 days a week especially during the holiday season. There is a lot of walking when you are a picker and some heavy lifting. The pay is good though! ", " for sure I can't imagine the good feeling for amazon and amazon family because  when they mix the work with fun to make the work easy and smooth and they were best team ever ", " Traveling was the big issue wasnt worth the money. Good long hours though kept you busy. 2 paid 15 minute breaks 30 minute lunch unpaid  wasnt aloud outside ", " Good Pay/Management Issues. Nice benefits but people had favorites and it should in level of accountability.  Hardest part of the job was dealing with management. ", " I have was worked in amzon and very busy I hope one day bake to work with them but my contacts is a teamporary job Nice work friendly staff good experience is ", " Managers do not care about their nor does HR department . They do not care about anything but money. They will fire you for the most outrageous things that are not ", " Great Environment, Always Felt Great Doing Youre Job, No Judgement. Everyday Was Something New. Hardest Part Of The Job Was Basically My Favorite (Unloading Trailers). Great Free Workout But A Ton Of Big Heavy Or Really Small Boxes. ", " I really enjoyed my time at amazon.  I enjoyed most of the people I worked with, and learned a lot about how to lead, and be efficient. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Although the company says they care about employees, I personally don't feel like they do. I get along with my coworkers but over all I would prefer to work somewhere else. It's a good its just not the job for everyone. On the plus side you do receive benefits, whether you/re part time or full time. ", " Decent place to work. Not much room for advancement. Better pay would be nice too of course. Pay only goes up a quarter every six months and it starts out a little low to begin with. ", " Amazon offers lots of opportunities but also is very demanding place. Those who are career focused, passionate about learning new things, and think outside of the box, amazon is the right place to start. ", " Good working environment, however, it catered to the younger population.  A typical day involves continuous movement in one area.  There are standard breaks and 30 minutes for lunch.  We had a fair amount of team meetings per week.  Being isolated can be challenging when working in one area...making friends with boxes.  I enjoyed the diversification of the staff. ", " It was only holiday work that was offered. I enjoy helping customers with their purchases. But did not like how if you pay for prime you still might not get your product within a short time frame. Also had too many times of system default. ", " There are a lot of different jobs within the company, most of which are repetitive. You can kind of shut off your brain and just do the work, so there's a lot of time to think or hum to yourself.I personally loved working for Amazon. It is one of those jobs that you either really love or really don't. I made a game out of seeing how fast I could go while still being accurate. ", " Work is awful long days and hours will be on your feet all day but company is good to work for better then most others. The pay is fairly high starting out, great benefits ", " working for amazon was hard at times, but overall it was fun meeting new people and meeting the goals given, the security is fantastic. ", " I like working at amazon. The work is basically easy and self explanator. The people at amazon is very friendly. I come into work at 8 am every morning and the end of my shift is 4:30 pm. Everyday we receive big shipments and we have to process the merchandise so the clothes can be ready for the models to shoot the next day. ", " learned a lot from what they had to offer. Taught me on many different types of forklifts and I was a very quick learner and enjoyed my days working there. the other employees and management loved to have me there everyday. They asked me for my opinions on the job and I always tried to increase production and moral for all other co-workers. when new seasonal or full-time employees came in I gave them all the knowledge I learned and taught them at a pace I felt was good for everyone to understand. My days at amazon were some of the best times working I've had and the friends/co-workers made me smile everyday ", " Everything was straight forward and not too difficult to understand.  I learned how to manage my time to get the most done in a day.  The managers were nice and usually around to help with problems. Hardest part was when there was pressure to get work done inh a certain amount of time. Best part was when there wasn't pressure to get work done. ", " Great working environment but limited growth opportunities. Very busy around the holidays but very slow other times. Great place to work if you are student. Great benefits and especially fro students. ", " The management team is young and inexperienced. They don't listen to the employees for the most part. The company is very unorganized. The hours are long and standing for 11 hours 5 days a week is doing mandatory overtime is A ok with them. ", " when you work here you have to be prepared for a lot of fast pace moving and stretching and bending you have to stretch before you start work and when you come from lunch because the work you doing you can hurt your self packing and picking you also have to be alert at all times because there is a lot of people working around you at the same paste and also walking so you have to be cautious. ", " Nice place to work some times it gets really really busy but we have to get the job done so our customers can get there orders on time i learned alot working with amazon that how to manage alot team members traing them on safety and following statndard work procedure with fast pace envoirment. i like the mangement of amazon they are respectful they belive every associate will make a bg difference and they do. co workers are really nice vey friendly and comfartable work envoirment we all respect each other and belive in team work. i don't think that there is a hardest part as far as we have all the tools to perform our jobs and enough work force to get the job done. ", " I spent two months with Amazon as a full-time associate. Let me start by saying this: Amazon is a great company. They offer an exceptional benefits/compensation package for the type of work you will be doing, and the warehouse is air-conditioned. You also manage your own time off. You will not find an pleasant warehouse/packing company to work for anywhere.  Those are the pros.  Let's start with hours. When I got hired, I was told it was usually 40 hours a week, with voluntary overtime offered and rare mandatory overtime. That wasn't true. Expect to work 11-12 hour days, with no more than 45 minutes total for break (including lunch). You are timed.  Next is training. The training is substandard. They will tell you that there is a learning curve; that you have 4 weeks to get up to the rate that they expect. That is also untrue. Their two day training program doesn't do much to prepare you on the job difficulties, equipment issues are abundant, and team leads/managers are never close by. Every time you need to find someone to help you, your rate takes a nosedive. You can be written up as early as your second week for failing to meet productivity/quality goals. And their rates are high, expect to bust your tail and go home sore every day. It's not easy by any means.  Third is job security. Out of the 30-40 people I got hired with, around 6 or 7 made it past a month. A few quit because it was too physically hard, but most were pushed out by Amazon for failing to meet their quality/productivity standards. They are not kidding about that part at all, and its why they have ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> to do mass hires every two weeks.   I personally made it four weeks before my first write up. My fifth week, they skipped my second write up and went to my final. The first day of my sixth week, I was terminated after 3 hours. Why? I made 4 errors out of 1000 items received. Four.   It's a great company, offers a lot of benefits, but its difficult to keep your job. ", " This job is all about getting out inventory as fast as possible. Too many strict policies, regulations and guideline to follow. I don't even care to work for this job ever again. ", " Amazon is a very Customer centric company where the customer is always first.A good place to work at as long as you are a master of your trade.Start performing from Day 1 All your colleagues will be super smart.Friendly environment to work in, but know your stuff.Automation at its best and everything is self-service.No spoon feeding ", " Amazon, is a decent company to work for. There isn't really any opportunity for advancement though. I would recommend this job to someone just starting out of high school. ", " I loved working for amazon. Very physical job though so don't apply if your not into that! Lol good thing I like a fast paced environment...they treat their employees pretty well. Additional hours are able to be worked if wanted so that's nice to have that option too! "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Seasonal Job at Amazon shipping and receiving packages during the christmas season.We had a company feed lunch for Thanksgiving a couple days before Thanksgiving. ", " I was never late, was always asking for additional work, tried to ask questions when something was clear.  Never got straight answers, never got additional work, and the lack of communication between management and workforce was pathetic ", " The managers are complete pricks who are very incompetent at their work but like to shout orders like their something else.Didnt get paid for overtime that i worked.Dont ever think you will be treated fairly its complete injust place with aweful people.Everybody is treated diffrently they like to protect their own scotts aswell so theirs rasism aswell. ", " Amazon has fantastic benefits but the management team is very unorganized. They are constantly stepping on each other. You are continuously pulled in multiple directions everyday and it seems that all they care about is making the numbers. If they would stop and go back to they way things were done when this location opened, it would be the top location in the nation in production. ", " AfricFarm market Limited is a food import business located in Saint Paul, Minnesota. I was responsible for making arrangement for merchandise overseas. I was also responsible to clear the merchandise from the U.S. Customs. Sometimes, I will helped with the distribution of the food products to our various warehouses and grocers nationwide in the US. ", " Management were good an encouraging. being warehouse work the job was as fun as much as the effort you put in. every day can be different as their is a variety of jobs to be carried out in the warehouse ", " The hardest part of this job was dealing with the other employees who didn't do their part, and you had to do most of the work yourself. There was is a lot of favoritism among management and employees. other than that i enjoyed my job was good at it and it paid well. ", " The hardest part working for Amazon you do A lot of walking.  Working 10 hours and breaks and lunches are very short. The Managers are very nice and respectful and easy to talk to. ", " Working in amazon its just awesome place. many thing to learn. i get lots of international work experience out there. and many up to date Technic to use there. Management is supporting and grow you well. ", " I had a fun time working for Amazon and lots of professional growth, but the culture there sometimes is unbearable and completely unfair. I would recompensed working there but not for a life long experience. ", " Great way to meet coworkers, very flexible and willing to make sure their employees are happy.  Always offering training to make you better and advance in to management. ", " tough work life balance but they do offer a fair pay. Great resume booster. People burn out quickly so there are not many veterans. Co-workers are not very friendly. ", " My biggest issue was lack of advancement. New managers came in from the outside and were trained by me. Worked there for 4 years ", " I work nights and weekend shift. I have learn how pick orders. Management is pretty  reasonable. The hardest part of my job is that they don't give you enough hours. I enjoy interacting with my team members. ", " very tough work to place but overall i did enjoy the walking because it was good fitness. very strict on break times and your idle time. i didnt like the food in the canteen plus the price on food expected better quality. ", " Minus the Somewhat Odd Decision Making, For the Most Part Amazon is a Good Place to Work. The Only Downside to This Company is the Dreaded \"Library\" Which is Infamous for Being a  Job Death Sentence. I was Lucky and  Dodged that Bullet. If You Want Good Training Here, You'll Have To Beg for It. ", " Start the day at stand up, telling how many orders to be packed out for the day,what  we should and should not do for our safety.   They don't care if the floor is down or computers or amnesty is on floor still expects you to make your rate for the day,which I don't think is fair, people have quit and got fire because of production. ", " No room for growth.  Management is weak because they do not make decisions.  Management asks associates for feedback and disregards there opinions on the process. ", " I dislike amazon after I worked there for a year but I was going to school so I didn't want to quit before I finished. Your body gives out, your mind gets bored, and mangers don't give any care in the world about you. I would never work for Amazon again it has cause me some great pain in my body. Lets just say this is coming from someone who loved their job. ", " Good place to work and gain more knowledge and develop your skills For freshers good start. For hardworking people always good place job security is also there. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Managers have no clue what theyre doin majority have never even been in a warehouse unreasonable production goals for 12 dollars a hour i dont normally see people last longer than 5-7 weeks i personally have been here for 6 months and unfortunatley will have to stick it out another 5 until my schooling is over much much better options out there than amazon ", " I really enjoyed working at Amazon the people are grea ,you make a lot of friends and management showed a lot of favoritism throughout the year I was there but it happens. Overall a nice environment to work. ", " There's a lot of people in control, &amp; not enough of them taking orders. Regular associates are fun to be around though. The HR team is super helpful, &amp; security is great. ", " Fun and engaging place to work at! Very diverse aswell with many positions to apply for!! Although in my honest opinion some policies within the facilitie seems a little to harsh or strict in some way it still stands out from many other places(positive way) ", " In general a pretty great place to work , decent compensation with advancement opportunities.  I came in as an entry level associate and am now in a teir 3 postion auditing the different departments in the building. The main draw back it the peak scheduling and the fact that I am also on night shift.     The associate culture in the building is a bit of a draw back as well. What used to be a culture of people wanting to do the best they could for their team and do what they could to come out rock stars , has turned into one of what have you done for me lately and bare minimum work with gripey attitudes. ", " A typical day at Amazon is meeting lots of good new people.. Its tons of merchandise in one warehouse, which means different job availability's. You have lots of team leads from different departments if you had any questions or concerns about your job. Through out the day you will run across items that you will never seen before, and meet great people. The pay could be better for the work you do. ", " Awesome place to work. If you are planning on join Amazon, Don't watch the documentary on Amazon because it has changed a lot. Managers are friendly and will help you out as much as they can. The targets are easy to hit as long as you put the effort in. The only downside to Amazon is the agencies that work with them. PMP and Transline are both terible. However if you are going to join one, go with PMP. ", " Amazon is a solid organization with lots of different avenue to explore for your career. If career advancement is what you are looking for as well as learning new skills and working with very intelligent competitive people - this is for you. Great for someone who is fresh out of college and has the time and energy to invest. ", " Very likeable work environment that focuses on teamwork and speed, allows for a lot of communication with coworkers, Management is very approachable and a very family lilke environment ", " Hi, i'm fairly young , played many sports in school and i saw this job as a learning experience no doubt it was and tho i wouldve loved to keep working there the hours and shifts they make are horrible but the pay and the necessity keep you there. I went to a couple diferent warehouses and the culture is diferent in each one however they are all the same way in the sense of getting anything done, You want to visit your grandmother in hospital? Call a number wait a few hours then be told you cant. They do offer some benefits but honestly its not worth not being with your family and the toll the shifts have on your mind and body. ", " I enjoy working at Amazon. However, I am having a tough time with the night shift, which runs from 6pm-4:30am. I am a wife, and mother of 3. I am one of the few odd ones, who enjoys all of the walking, and physical aspects of the job. ", " Your 15 minute break includes a 3 minute walk to the break room and a 3 minute walk back, and that is if you are lucky enough to be on the close side. So you really only get 9 minutes to sit down and rest.  Management expects you to work hard and fast, even if you've already done 200% of your quota.  Management monitors activity, any stop in activity for more then 7 minutes is a write up.  HR doesn't care if your Vacation Time, Paid time off nor Unpaid time off is correct.  Parking lot is an accident waiting to happen.  The Attendants \"direct\" traffic.  I have been sent down the same row 3 times with 0 open spaces(Several different days).  Making me 30 minutes late each time.  401k is matched 1/2 up to 6% ... but if you leave Amazon you get none of that matched money. ", " You will be on call 24/7 and if not they will manage you out at the end of the year with their forced ranking appraisal system.  You will learn loads from a cutting edge giant and opportunities to progress are plenty if you have an MBA. ", " I dislike amazon after I worked there for a year but I was going to school so I didn't want to quit before I finished. Your body gives out, your mind gets bored, and mangers don't give any care in the world about you. I would never work for Amazon again it has cause me some great pain in my body. Lets just say this is coming from someone who loved their job. ", " repetitive wear and tear on the body but not that bad  patients, teamwork, to take pride in ones work  management has there pros and cons there not great but there working on it  to make the employees jobs easier. there are many time when things  miss communicated or when they cant answer the employees question.But over all there trying hard  co- workers are great, friendly, helpful and kind   maintaining the rate when barriers prevent you from working at a steady working pace    the people ", " Not much to say about it. You definitely work hard and in the work environment you can be alone. The people i encountered always seemed to be nice. The only problem was my job was secluded from other people ", " I got caught ina wreck and i didnt have time to cover it. And they me to leave on good terms i pointed out. Up until i was aaked to leave i had been with amazon for 8 months i really like the job more there is more possibilities out there ", " Packing or going to sort side same thing daily. I learned how to work in a very fast pace job. Management was good they need some room for improvement i get like there was a lot of favoritism. ", " A typical work day at amazon would include packing items one by one in the right size boxes and printing out the delivery address. I learned how to pack items according to their size and weight. There was always a manager present to overlook everything. My co-workers had their own work stations so we couldn't distract anyone and we could work at our own pace. The hardest part of the job was picking up all the heavy items to pack and the most enjoyable part of the job was the hours. ", " Start the day at stand up, telling how many orders to be packed out for the day,what  we should and should not do for our safety.   They don't care if the floor is down or computers or amnesty is on floor still expects you to make your rate for the day,which I don't think is fair, people have quit and got fire because of production. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Co-Workers are great, Management is very helpful and always on top of things. Job is very strict on safety concerns and efficiency is key to your success with the company. ", " Work you to death and expect you to work till the very last minute even second of the hour, 15 minute break where it takes 5 'minutes to get there and 5 to get back and just a horrible place ", " Extremely hard on your body.  They expect you to make rate of 190 in one hour.  Sometimes all you get is 2 piece's and they are large packages.   Very stressful,  they monitor your every move.  I feel like a herd of cattle.  10 hours of standing on your feet moving at a fast pace.  Extremely stressful.  Alot of deversity is a true statement.  Either you can take the physical pain and mental stress, or quit.  In the first week my neck, back, legs, feet hurt.  You sit with ice.  Ibuprofen a must.  My hands are experiencing numbness.   I would not recomend this as a heathly place to work.  Alot of turn around in people.  This is why they are always hiring.  Brutal jobs.  To many strict rules.  Easy  to get fired. ", " I enjoyed  working  there, was fired  due  to not meeting  rate, which I wasn't  informed  of a rate system  being that I never worked  in wherehouse before, they should  inform new hires of the productivity  requirement,  which they don't, so they will know what to expect, they make everything sound  good at orientation, meanwhile  never telling  new hires what is expected  of them in order to keep your jobs, there  more harder on pickers than packers, that company  is not fair to all there employees, a lot of favoritism. They are a very unfair  company  to work for, I couldn't  even appeal my termination, they made a mistake  and I wasn't  employed for 90 full days, so I can't appeal there  decision, totally  unfair, so I could never work for  them again. Wow  what an incentive for being  fired  you guys suck to the fullest. ", " Allows extra income while working from the comfort of your own home.  Training for this job is extensive as if it pays much more but only a 10 dollar an hour job but the plus side is you don't have to pay for gas on commute. ", " great place to work in teams and individual, steady schedule. the co- workers help each other to make sure that things run smooth. Although i think Amazon can improve on its  management. ", " When you first get to Amazon, you are very excited because, well, it's Amazon. But this place breaks you down over time. The grueling work/life balance is very striking. With so many disgruntled people in one place, it can be a tough environment. ", " Amazon was one of the best places I have worked for. The hours were great, the pay was amazing, everyone is so friendly and helpful at Amazon. Definitely recommend this job. ", " Loved this Job Keeps you busy Great people working with you Fast paced Nothing compares Great hours available Great second job  Able to advance very quickly ", " Amazon was a huge establishment and everyone there was so nice we work together as a team to reach demanding shipping numbers daily. On top of that the break room was really great. ", " A typical day at amazon as an ambassador is to supervise employees that their working on their daily work. Also help manager with any task that he has for you. ", " Working at amazon was a very cool. The people that work there are very easy to get along with if you're a social person. Management were very funny and annoying. ", " I enjoyed working for Amazon it was a great company delivering packages to people is my passion I would look forward to working for them again I like delivering packages ", " one of the huge ware house in BC with powerful managing ,and friendly crew . wonderful FC with good security and connection .Also verity in work shift can help to crew get rest . ", " The management definitely plays a lot of favoritism. Most days you do not get a route even if you just started and they know it will take you a while to get the hang of everything ", " Quality assurance (QA), which audits how well we\u2019re sticking to agreed processes and highlights any discrepancies. This team also helps analyse customer-facing metrics. ", " Amazon is a great place to work if you can stay away from the drama. Very childish management. Hardly move up with the company. ", " I loved working for amazon. They pay really good and are very organized in there workplace. I worked at ross distribution and i can say amazon iis a way better looking place to work at. ", " Picker and packer all over the place  Forklift operating printed label loaded and unloaded trucks  the job was fun but u can still get hurt on the job ", " Great place to work just think they need to work on communication and helping those that want to advance. They need to meep their word on when they say they will train you on things. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Work was fast paced every day and everybody was up tempo with all their work. There was really not much communication with other co workers other than lunch and the breaks and occasionally in passing while doing your work. You had your few managers that were sociallable but others I feel were thrown into their position and lacked communication skills and overall management skills. Not really a hard job but to me it was the people that made it less fun to be at. ", " Great staff. There wasn't any hard part in the job, Every job role I got I completed it easy. Management could be better a lot of people with high roles with no respect for staff below them. ", " I only left this company due to them moving to reno. I have 3 kids and could not travel and work 12 hour shifts i would never see my kids. They are ok for the most part. Good pay but could be a little better. Hard work but i loved it. ", " to many turnovers need to screen out employees before they hire keep your steady experience workers value and appreciate your workers stop getting rid of the good season employees ages 50-60 stop hiring a lot of young people with no work ethic of coming to work to work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ", " Great place to learn and apply your knowledge in operations. Things are hectic and busy so be prepared to work hard. Managers work in shifts and many work in night shifts for at least 6 months. ", " I liked working for amazon because it was at home based work, and very flexible, I got to choose my own hours as well and my schedule. I was also my own boss and opened up my own store ", " It's a fun place to work with an excellent staff. management is above and beyond and they really look out for their workers. Its a neat place to work for sure ", " Work week was comprised of four ten hour work days with three days off. During the holiday seasons normal work days increase varying based on demand between five to six days with twelve hour shifts. Physically the job was very demanding. ", " Promised the world when you start and they do not deliver. One person tells you one thing and another will tell you the exact opposite, Leaving you to decide who is right and who is wrong. Had 20+ hours of time messed up on my check that HR NEVER fixed for me and I reminded them every couple of days and was told I was creating unnecessary tension in the workplace. I can only speak for the Obetz facility as I hear nothing but good things about Etna. ", " Its hard work,alot of walking,standing,plus you unload trucks,and load trucks,its good place to work for young people, for older people it takes a tool on your body...management are on your butt to move faster ", " This job was great. Steady work hours and pay, great people to be around, and overall great place to work at. The only downside was that my feet hurt after being on them for 8-10 hours a day. ", " The management and co-workers were great to work with. The management noticed ones potential and abilities. The work was fast passed but the environment was very laid back. ", " I liked working here but i  the whole placed lacked professionalism and order. No one knew who was a manager. From the time i was employed there i had no idea who my manager was because it was never addressed to me and i had issues that i was told that only my manager or supervisor could handle but they were never resolved. This alone made working there terrible. ", " In a typical day I would get to work and within the first hour my machine would malfunction or just break down. From my time with Amazon I learned that communication is everything. There was a lack communication between management which in turn led to miscommunication with associates. My co-workers were great. The most difficult aspect of the job was trying to get on the same page with everyone. What I really enjoyed about the job was my co-workers. ", " I enjoyed going to work everyday, for the most part. Management isn't really hands on (unless it's someone they know) and the actual basic employees are nicer and more down to earth. ", " I`m was working here just few months. Was actually good place to work. I was working at busiest time in year (Christmas) but I complete my missions every day. Wasn`t very hard to understand what to do and after finishing my task I was always helping other people. So time in work place was going very fast ", " Amazon brings alot of different oppertnuity to learn and move up into the company. The safety standards are higher then I have seen in a company. Altough the production standards/quality are high I find them to be a tool to challange myself to do better and more ", " I learned a lot about myself while at Amazon. I learned perseverance and how to be dedicated to my work. I felt that Amazon wasn't the right place for me once I mastered my skills and was unable to advance due to not earning a Bachelors degree. I will now graduate in May. ", " They put you under a lot of pressure to make a certain rate and if you don't make that rate they will write you up. If you have three write ups and you don't make rate the entire next week they will proceed with a termination. If you choose to work there stay on top of your manager about your quality and productivity rates so that you can perfect your rates. ", " Great place to work. Provided time off if you worked overtime and a decent amount of vacation days. They really believe in spending time with your family. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I worked at Amazon, in the mid to late 1990's. So, it was a very different place, as was, the city of Seattle. It's not the Amazon, y'all know today.  During my employment with the Empire, it was a diverse melting pot, of Seattle's counter culture. The days were long, (10 hours), but, everyone for the most part, enjoyed what they did, and knew the benefits would pay off one day. ", " Amazon is an awesome place to work. Great People and Great management. Opportunity to move up in position and title is available to those who work for it. ", " Peak season is kinda crazy. But after peak work is pretty usual and steady. Overtime is also great during peak. They also have a pretty high turn over rate. ", " It is a Fast pace work place. Great place to work BUT no room for growth. Management is hard to work with. The hardest part of the job is no support from the management. ", " They say to work smart not harder, unfortunately the facility does not approve of that because you work hard every day over exhausting yourself for a 'thank you, but not necessary' when you go above the call of duty to help improve the working environment for you and fellow employees. Also expect to work for those speedy numbers because that is all they ever care about instead of generating actual (TRUE) numbers.   The management is filled with mostly people that have no clue of what their department or its processes and expect them to properly manage it. I even spoke to the head of the ICQA department and he had no idea the type of processes that we did everyday. There are even very young adults that just cannot handle the job and let the department fall apart in a few weeks. It was a good thing for me I switch from nights to days before the one good manager was transferred.  There are issues with the way they treat and harass their pickers for not making the numbers and many of them lose their jobs from it because the system is completely a random draw of the hat. This means you go all over the place walking from point A to 70 aisles down and then across and then 10 more aisles down to get to point B. The path is set-up to fail if you do not run till your toes and fingers bleed to quickly get your item, but the inventory is mesh-up badly that you will be searching for a needle in a hay stack. So they need to improve the picking path by doing whats is known tactic in warehousing known as 'serpentine pick.' With that setup you will be able to move down the same row all the ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> way to the end and work your way to the next row going through every aisle without having to jump from one location to somewhere very far off. This will improve production and make it easier on the pickers to actually get their numbers.         The bins in the whole facility are so disorganize you have food, children toys, and hygienic products next to pesticides, detergents, or oils that should not be even near those products because of health risk (open or not); which is funny because they say, \"treat it as a retail business.\" There is also issues with peak season that there is never any room because of the organization of the all the inventory is just mash-up together instead of being set-up as an organize retail business. If they were to reorganize their entire stocking of items to be on par as an actual retail business they might even reduce suspected thefts of all the foods and other products. Also it would reduce the amnesty (items falling from bins) down than adding bin drawers to every bin reducing the space and making life even harder for everyone.  This will create easier placement, access, safety, health, quality, productivity, and security for their own employees to actually come in for once and actually enjoy and not have a rough day trying to do their job while not being chewed up by management for not making their numbers. ", " Manufacturing environment with round the clock operation. Can make work/life balance difficult for those with families. Great place for growth with those fresh out of college. ", " Good place to work. Always more hours and overtime being handed out. Friendly staff and motivators to help the shifts work at its best. We always made sure we did more than expected ", " I like working for Amazon but It can be a bit unorganized at times.  I am not used to this at all.  There is room for growth if you want it at Amazon. ", " typical day at work with nice friendly people who work hard for their paychecks each and every day, while working shifts in the moring and night. ", " bad management, not approachable with associates, communication problems.  Nice because you have the opportunity to work in an multicultural environment. ", " I usually handle customers that have any problems with their account or orders such as address change to payment info and purchases. I worked from home so it was comfortable. I mostly enjoyed being able to say I successfully helped a customer. ", " This is an amazing place to work. As far as call centers go this is top notch. Most people should enjoy it. Great security and great advancement ops. ", " I have been calling them multiple times and was told they will send me a cheque but it never came. I had to quit my job because of a schedule conflict with school. They have offered an option to pick thurs-mon schedule but when I was about to start working they did not have that shift and was told they did not have a choice but to let me go! ", " The break rooms in any of them were perfect. The food in the freezers where always fresh and the t.vs where awesome as well. I always had a fun time playing in the table tenis things. Also everyone are so nice and accepting while working there. Great place to work. I recommend it anyone. ", " great place to work in teams and individual, steady schedule. the co- workers help each other to make sure that things run smooth. Although i think Amazon can improve on its  management. ", " The job was easy, I had a decent work to life ratio. here was a lot of room for growth in the environment. I got along with the management fine. Overall good place to work. ", " I enjoy working for Amazon &amp; don't mind waking up &amp; going to work.The atmosphere keeps me motivated, &amp; my coworkers/management is amazing, but I want expand my horizons. ", " Every day you start with the stand up, the managers talking about the production of last night and how many units we made. I learn a lot of things like problems solving, receiving items from trucks, picking, driving PIT equipment. The most enjoyable part is when you working hard and making history, there is times that you can talk with your friends but you still have to keep working ", " I dont really have much to say about my time at amazon as i was only there six months.  What i can say about amazon is the pay is good and the hours are plenty. You just have to whatch how you manage your own time. ", " Rated every hour by the amount of work you have completed. Management wasn't always there to help and always seemed stressed. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I enjoyed working for this company. Trainer was excellent, and teamwork was awesome!! Everyone worked with urgency, yet practiced safety in all that they did. Safety was the most important thing to the company, and it was strictly unforced!! I would most definitely recommend this company to anyone. Last but certainly not least the start pay was higher than most warehouses today. ", " Work you to death and expect you to work till the very last minute even second of the hour, 15 minute break where it takes 5 'minutes to get there and 5 to get back and just a horrible place ", " The company has great pay and great benefits, but long shifts. There should be more accommodations for those who are pregnant. ", " I am doing 13 hour per day! Coming in after along days work back into the warehouse to be told that i am doing it to much by the book and need to take shortcuts. Also being sent home after being told to come in saying there is not enough routes available giving me the bill of \u00a3180 pound to pay for a van.  Now to day group DEVA have told me to hand back the van because i have had 3 days off this week. Monday is my day off as i have to take 1 day off because of amazons rules, Then the Tuesday i had a friends funeral witch they had 2 weeks notice about, Then to have no hours sent to me the Tuesday night witch then means i would have been sent home with no route same as the last week and week before on the Wednesday morning at my cost.  Now i am getting a sneak showing of the door asking me to give up the van and promised that i will be placed in a old van when it becomes available, witch i will never ever see or hear of.      Great Amazon providing jobs for 3 weeks at a time!   Also have been under paid for the short time of work here after all the hours and personal time i have given for the company. ", " It is a fast paced job that keep you busy, but the pay and benefits are all worth it. The employees are usually kind and helpful. It takes a little while to get used to all of the different procedures and rules but once you do you can do really well there. ", " There are too many rules and rules that dont apply to the job itself. there are outside of the company ,departments that handle your problems that should be handled internally. ", " You could work for an agency here on compulsory over time - thats 5 days a week 11 hours a day. The only good thing about that is it puts you into proper earnings. Break time starts when you leave your picking or packing, and  can take 3 or 4 minutes to get to a drinks machine in one of the canteens. As you only get a 15 minute break, you have less than 10 minutes to rest your feet before you get back to the grind. And you dont get a discount .    This is not easy money. There are a few laughs, but the best part of the day is going home. ", " I took the job for the holiday season and had no complaints about it. I enjoyed the hours and the scheduled breaks every two hours. It was a pretty cool first job. ", " The works easy boring at times but very easy work there a very safe place to work people really train you very well all the employees are all nice and will help you when ever you need a hand the nightshift is a tiring shift to work but the employees make it easier on you ", " a day in the life as an amazon manager, tough  typical day come in do duties, unload trucks send milk runs  co workers are ok  management does not give tools to succeed ", " I found that working her ive learned so much, I couldn't have asked for the best management that iv'e ever worked for the workers are great as well its a fast past company, and as eveyone knows that has ever worked with me i love to stay busy or i get bored awsome place to work and fun ", " I love amazon.great schedule managers are awesome everybody awesome.Eventually when you get comfortable with Amazon it's like a big family.Alot of great people work at Amazon they want u to be successful and get that cash no one left behind.we make sure our members are safe and comfortable so yea its like a family. ", " I worked at the Amazon on Perry Rd in Plainfield I liked how fast I was able to move up and how much I was able to learn all I had to do is ask and they were willing to train. The management is very week and makes it hard for you to respect them they don't stand the ground and people run them over if don't want to do something all you have to do is cry long or loud enough. The management is not very secure in there position they are not sure if they want to be your boss or your friend. Some of them have know idea what they are doing and will as or make a statement about what you are doing and when you respond they fill insulted. ", " The people and environment are very casual you can wear shorts to work. You get two paid breaks for fifteen minutes. The hours are really long. Managers are really hard on you about productivity. ", " Typical work day would be arriving, checking to see what job you're going to perform for the shift, and then going to stand-up for announcements and exercise after clocking in. ", " menial work that robots will be doing some day soon.  learned that you don't have to work hard to get by laziness prevails when it should not management are like lions without teeth; they might roar, but they can't bite everyone is scared of HR for some reason HR is a disaster- they are neither human nor a good resource co-workers are corner cutters at best best thing about the job ... uh, well, let's see ... uhh ... hmmm. ", " It was an alright job, least paid warehouse in the area with most ours worked. Did accommodate school schedule, even though it took a while for it to get approved. Lot of stressful and difficult work on a daily basis, but a lot of overtime provided. ", " Management seems to be very new and unaccustomed to running a large business. Directions are often in conflict with other managers directions,   The lionshare of the issues stems from the basic managerial principles, Treat your people with care and respect, and they will run your business and take ownership. They need to get back to the basics of what their own founding principals were before someone else comes along and topples the empire, no one sits at the top forever. ", " Amazing place to work. Great benefits and many career advancement. I really enjoyed working here. Great atmosphere and everybody is friendly. ", " Amazon has really good benefits but they over work you and expect you to rush for breaks and lunches. Some of the managers pick on the people there. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I love working for Amazon and would recommend this job to anyone. I have wonderful bosses and great coworkers. I love the inbound calls and assisting drivers and customers. ", " The management does not have a good since of time when employees are expected to be at work at a certain time but not don't start there route until 2 and a half hours later but rush you to finish your. ", " The experience was life changing. The managers were not as profession as I`d hoped. My co-workers was amazing to work with. The hardest part of my job was dealing with my managers. ", " Amazon is an amazing company. The work culture however, may be improved.  The company is growing at a great pace and is customer oriented. ", " Excellent management. Easy non physically taxing work. Great coworker, and plenty of incentives to be the best at your job. plenty of opportunities to advance within the company ", " If you enjoy repetitive work then Amazon is for you. There isn't a lot of room to advance in the company I worked there for 3 months and applied to higher positions from day 1 and never got a interview. ", " Amazon is a family friendly place to work. The people there are nice people, and they are willing to help you with any questions you may have. I highly recommend this job. ", " Working at Amazon has been a very exciting experience both personal and professional. This job has given be the opportunity to explore abilities that allowed me to grow and get stronger. ", " managers had no clue how to run the place.they would not listen to the people that knew what was going on.most of the coworkers were fun to work with.the hardest part of the job was trying to make the rate that they set way to high. ", " My job at Amazon was packing and  make sure orders was  correect before  shopping.   Managers was good I help my coworkers  bad day was when I don't find  the product to complete the order ", " disrespectful agency staff. very enjoyable though alot of moving twisting manual handing skills alot of walking you could walk up to 12 miles in one night ", " A normal day at my workplace was about have fun but getting on with the job there was a lot of ups in the work place everyone got on very well in the workplace ", " i didnt enjoy my time at amazon as it was hard to comunicate with mangersif i had any problems and the hours where very long and the commute towork was difficult ", " I loved working here it was a fun place to work. Mostly you just assist customers with the problems they are having with their orders that they have placed. Wild and crazy style here you can just be you. ", " Management is very cooperative. I learnt lot. I develop my overall personality. Staff members are very friendly. Very positive environment. ", " i can't say anything about my typical day at work because every day everything is different. Every day of my shift i learning something new something interesting and sometimes something anoying. I learnined how to resolve different types problems, how to cover lead and all other stuff. I'm allways smiling and building a good relationships with my co-workers. ", " A good place to earn between Rs.15000 to Rs.20000. No burden. No tension. Work from home. Order arrives with payment. Only receive payment and ship accordingly. ", " The job is very tiring and hard on your physical strength , the money is good but prepare yourself to work, Everyone is very nice and friendly in the establishment ", " fast pace and require to maintain rates regularly.It gets really tiring during the peak hours.Organise games and treats during peak season.provide benefits. ", " The overall experience was not great. Long hours, no time to do anything. My whole life was Amazon. The managers were terrible. They were very disrespectful and very rude. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Typical day involved placing items into chutes for shipments or packing the shipments. The hardest part of the job was adjusting to the constant flow of new hires and meeting expected rates when a lot of people on the team we're new. ", " A typical day (or night) at work was full of nose to the grindstone work. I learned how to properly package a persons order following a quick pace. Management was good, and answered any processing questions that I had. co-workers were what made it all happen. Without one person in the mix of people, the job became harder to do as we would have to pick up the slack from the missing person or do our job and their job as well. The best part of working at Amazon was the flexible schedules that they offered. ", " It's a great place to work. They have an amazing staff that will help you with anything. It's been an amazing experience. I am currently in the process of getting hired on at one of many amazing companies integrity deals with. I have advanced within my company while still being considered Integrity. It's great wages for the work you do. They're definitely many benefits to working with staffing company. It's definitely the best staffing company I have ever delt with. I recommend them to friends and family members looking for a job. They give you a second chance, and a new lease on life. If you have the opportunity to work for this company definitely give it a try. Stop reading my review and try them for yourself. What are you waiting for? Get your second chance at life now. ", " Amazon is typically a large warehouse and when you are inside it seems even bigger. so much is happening at one time that is can be easy to lose focus, but can also teach so much about how things get shipped. ", " I loved working at Amazon the only problem is they don't have structure there management is not put together well and they don't keep to their word when trying to help employees ", " As a picker one has to walk at a minimum 10 miles per night Management is good Coworkers is what makes the job positive It is an overall easy job, but all of the walking is what makes it difficult ", " The management is crooked, you have to kiss butt to get anything done, and think again if you have a family you won't EVER have time for anything besides sleep and work. ", " Amazon brings alot of different oppertnuity to learn and move up into the company. The safety standards are higher then I have seen in a company. Altough the production standards/quality are high I find them to be a tool to challange myself to do better and more ", " Overall a good place to work.... Communication is poor and organization is poor As well. Pay rate is great, variable compensation pay is a good bonus and it's a cool company. ", " Amazon is not a place for hard workers, simply because they don't honor you for your work ethics. They rather honor brown nosers before true hard workers. I know this because I been working there for over 3 years and I see this happen all the time. I'm a prime example! ", " Management is all young kids straight out of college.  Many managers and regular employees have vendettas or enjoy to impose power over others.  The managers will believe anything they hear and won't bother to fact check or give the info a 2nd htought.  You will be given performance reviews 1-4x per shift and  told to work faster and with no mistakes.  The environment isn't good for hearing so use the ear plugs provided.  The lowest starting pay is better than average and there are great benefits.  Any advancement or skilled labor can fetch more money elsewhere. ", " Amazon is Awesome! Great Place to work! They truly take care of their employee's from many aspects. Also very cultured and giving in Community Outreach and Education. ", " A great place to learn about the Logistics field. It has a wide variety of people working there sp you'll always meet new friends. The work is hard but bearable. The hardest part of the job is being on your feet the whole shift. ", " Working at Amazon as a seasonal employee is actually a great position and reaps many benefits if you work hard. It is one of the few jobs that has the flexibility to allow time off as you please. ", " Management is unaware of the problems that go on inside the warehouse. They hire just anyone off the street to cover productivity and have a whole warehouse full of liars and thiefs. Even the managers are thiefs. They have false advertising about how much they pay. ", " Amazon is a high demand environment at every step of the way. It is easy to ignore the fact that you are an individual until you realize that you have no self left. However, it does provide great benefits and provides a comfortable living environment. ", " Had a very poor experience being contracted through SMX, said I would be hired on but they lost my paperwork and made excuses to why I couldn't be hired on. Overall, very flawed system which exhibited constant cases of favoritism and an overall unfair workplace to progress. ", " there is definitely a lot of labor involved working at amazon, but i have come to appreciate the process it takes for my amazon orders to get  to me, as i am part of that process ", " Culture and livelihood of job completely depends on the team and the manager leading that team. Fast paced and challenging work, lots of autonomy and ownership. ", " Where to start, you will get written up during your training and probably more than once. I don't know where these people are getting a lot of room for advancement from, I mean you can move to different positions, but not any extra payment. They tell you its a privilege, to move to a different task, how fast they can take it away if your late coming back from breaks and use the restroom too many times. The management are just yes men and read everything they say and do from a constant stream of emails on the laptop's they carry around and are constantly refreshing, so they don't miss a single email from the upper tier. If you want to keep a second job don't even bother applying as they lie to you about flexibility, they will not work around any type of schedule. Most of the managers walk around looking for the smallest infraction of any kind of \"rule\" due to the fact they have so little to do. Most of the managers are in their early twenties, which speaks for itself. Overall it's not a great place to work, a redeeming factor is the benefits, the healthcare, dental, and vision plans are fairly decent as is the 401k. Anyways good luck. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Working at Amzon was an easy, day-to-day job. But, it was not the safest environment to work in. Working in the warehouse was very dangerous at times. The company itself was a great company to work for. We would bonus if our department did well, and the company would hold contests to give incentives to employees to help reach daily and quarterly goals. ", " A typical day Amazon goes as follows      Clock in     scanner problems      walk for 3 mins to get a new scanner       Get a new scanner walk back to your work area      stow until break       clock out for lunch        stow until break        go home and repeat the next day. co workers are cool at least some of them and others seem disgruntled and angry at the world. management seems to be pretty incompetent when handling issues for workers. the hardest part of the job is trying to stay your entire shift as well as well as making rate depending on what department your in especially stow. Most enjoyable part of amazon is when you go home ", " After clocking in, you check the duty roster for your name and assignment.  You may be assigned to one area processing large packages. Before the day ends, you may find yourself working 5 or more different areas. There's no (i) in teamwork.  Management is fair.  You come in and do your job and no one bothers you. Co-workers are nice.  Majority do what their supposed to do.  Temperature in warehouse. The sense of fulfillment knowing that you've given 110% of yourself. Some days I'm so engrossed with the job at hand that I don't hear the end of shift bell. ", " Extremely hard to get promoted in this place. Everyone's job is so repetitive that it should be illegal. The pay doesn't even account for what other warehouses pay in the area since this warehouse is considered retail and not your typical warehouse. Amazon likes to outsource their managers instead of promoting from within. You're lucky to even have your manager for a few months since they transfer or change their shifts on a regular basis. Some jobs have double standards, such as having a rate in certain departments and some departments not even having rates which makes your job security much harder when you have a rate to meet. ", " This place was all about walking miles and miles of warehouses. I had a bad knee so standing was just a nightmare let alone walking. They did give us breaks which were nice but unfortuantely for me it wasn't long enough for my feet to get used to the ridiculous amount of walking. I was also a seasonal worker who was told that I could become a permanent worker if I did a good job but later learned that no one who was seasonal was hired on to be permanent. ", " We are not aloud to post anything negative about Amazon while still employed there the positives are they have decent benefits and the have a career choice program that pays for your schooling ", " I loved the competitive nature of trying to best at amazon and working with great people. The days were long but the pay was good. ", " I loved being a coaching manager at Amazon.My typical work day would include processing and issuing behavioral and attendance occurrences to a team of about 20- 30 employees. I learned now to manage time and to properly help a team of employees be successful in the workplace. ", " Amazon.com is a great place to work.  Great benefits!  Management listens when you have ideas to work toward efficiency.  They have fun events. ", " The compensation, insurance and time off is a great package that comes with working at Amazon. They make sure to take care of all associates and work really hard at providing opportunities. ", " very poor management and unorganized work spaces made this job difficult and no human interaction during the shift made it even more unenjoyable  because i am a people person. ", " Great Place to start work, very strict with punctuality and work structure, must perform task as instructed or you will not be working here. This job can be better on scheduling but as work task come in more hours will be issued. ", " Amazon is a great company because they will take anybody in and help them learn their job duties. Amazon offers room to move up in the ranks. They offer great programs for school. ", " I'm hoping to become a permanent employee at the Etna location. I'm loving the 'on the go' environment at Amazon. Working with the HR team is exciting and fast paced. They are always seeking to make the process better and more efficient.  Meeting new associates during the New Hire Orientations affords me the opportunity to get to interact with so many people.   I'm happy to work with these great folks. ", " With a customer obsessed corporate culture, AMAZON.com provides each employee the opportunity to \"own it\" and take charge of their individual employment horizon. ", " Amazon is great place to work it has an overall friendly atmosphere!! Excellent benefit packages. Phenomenal management team ", " I loved amazon when I first started working there I loved getting up and going to work and pick up extra shilfs that was my favorite to do. I was the for a year and our manger were leave one by one and we ended up with new mangers that would not listen to one other they argue right in front of employees all the time ", " The management definitely plays a lot of favoritism. Most days you do not get a route even if you just started and they know it will take you a while to get the hang of everything ", " Everyday I come in, set up my scanner, grab a cart full of merchandise, and stack merchandise on shelves. Its really fast-pace, you make friends real fast, and productivity is a real fact. What I learned was stowing, packing items, picking out merchandise to be sent out to shipping, ICQA, bin consolidation, recieve items to put stowed away on shelves.The hardest part on my job was working 50 sometimes 55 hours a week but I put my best effort to pull through the day. My most enjoyable part of the day is seeing friends, asking how their day was, becoming social and communitive. ", " Steady work, fast paced, can be stressful depending on number of associates/customer orders. Day to day doesn't change much. Expected rates (how much product the associate picks/packs per hour) for each associate which can result in disciplinary action, but not much incentive to make the rate. Fellow associates are polite and helpful. Getting trained in PIT is encouraged, but associates sort of get locked in once they have been trained. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This company is very challenging to work for but the opportunities are endless. There is no staying in a position for 10 years before promotion. If you are capable and qualify for a specific role, it is yours for the taking. ", " Bullying culture for minimum wage. Nothing is ever good enough and run with constant threats of disciplinary or sack. Drivers are made to be self employed and kept dangling daily as to whether they are a route. ", " A typical day starts off with stretching, hearing whatever safety tips managers have for you, then heading to your station. I am placed on AFE Chute which is packing customer orders. Been here for about a month and all I can say is, don't slack off and make sure to make rates  or they'll send you down to the docks where you'll load boxes on the hot trailers or AFE 1 which is downstairs- super hot and kinda dark. I've never been so grateful to be working side by side with great people. They've all been so patient and helpful with me since day one. To newcomers, it takes a while to know where all boxes are stored and what boxes are needed to inform the water spider.  Just ask the person next to you, they'll gladly help.   You'll receive full benefits on day 1. Although, I wish we had free prime instead of a 10% discount. Seems kinda cheap for a billion dollar company!   HR has been super helpful and knowledgable with any questions or concerns.   Break room is huge. They have about 10-15 microwaves on each side and large coolers to store your lunch. Free Gatorade &amp; coffee!! TVs on all 4 corners and a ping pong table!   Lastly, you'll have an assigned locker!   Ah and one more thing, would be nice if they would extend break and lunch time. ", " Amazon is very difficult and is not for everybody. The demand for productivity is through the roof but upper management seems not to care for its employees health or well being. Within HR and upper management, you are just another number. The positive is the benefits that entail such hard work. ", " Generally, is a fun working environment but management is very unorganized and too much favoritism is in effect. I would recommend other people but they will be aware of the unfair treatment of all. ", " Warehouse work, mostly, but it feels pretty cool. Plus, the employee discount for using Amazon products is not bad at all. If you start there, you have just as good of a chance for higher positions as someone with a 4 year degree, even if you do not have one. Your tenure in the company counts for something. ", " a typical day at work involved a briefing in the morning followed by an 11 hour day.  management were not friendly and a lot of the time they were rude. co-workers had the same attitude as management, extremely rude. ", " I was joined in Amazon through a consultancy named ikya,  and it was contract basis that's the reason I left it as our contract was not extended, but it was pleasure working over there and I love the environment over there. ", " If you have never worked or need some experience to add to your resume Amazon is the place to be.   Pros:  people are generally pretty friendly and talkative. Keeps you motivated and pass time if you're doing long shifts.   Pay is good for warehouse work.  Keeps you busy and moving  Fast pace   Cons: A very cultural diversity   Language barriers   Very crowded   Body odders ", " As a seasonal worker there were a lot of promises made that I would be hire on full time. I worked there for 11 months and they let me go and then called me back to be a seasonal worker. There is no room for advancement or anything else as long as your in the position of seasonal worker. Management does not tell you how your performance is and tells you any day now you will receive a blue badge which is a full time permeant employee. Don't get your hope up high if you start out as seasonal is all I would recommend and that management has there own agenda and they could care less about the workers themselves ", " A typical day at work was staying productive unloading trailers on PIT equipment, minor training for new associates, and being in a \"lead\" position. I learned a lot about \"general warehouse activities\" loading and unloading product, packaging products, storing products properly. Our management could have used some work, a lot of fresh \"out of school\" managers that didn't fully understand the process in their work environment. My co-workers were amazing very friendly and helpful. The hardest part of the job was the hours (overnight). The most enjoyable part of the job were the people I worked with, they became a second family to me. ", " As a facilities technician, there is little room for advancement - especially since all new buildings will be contracting out labor to 3rd party companies.  The managers have horrible communication among themselves and often give conflicting direction to subordinates.  My co-workers were the best part of this job, but many of them are leaving as the departmental roles are being restructured.  The pay and other compensation was great, but very little increase year-over-year; promotions are few and far between as well.  Overall, this company put grey hairs on my head and requires a larger human resources department to handle the volume of complaints. ", " Amazon can be a fun place to work but you have to have a strong work ethic. Management is very strict and is it very hard to move up in the company. They are quick to hire an outside person over promoting within. ", " Not much to say. It is like any other walmart. Paying you very little and expecting you to do a lot. I worked overnight as a stocker. I got a dollar extra but 5 dollars worth of more work ", " Pleasant, joyful place to work. Although management was not always available to answer a question, they made sure you got what you needed. ", " My day is long, hard, but yet very learnable.  You always learn something new everyday.  Packing/Problem Solving/Slam Operator is what I do on a daily basis.  I love the benefits.  Management is knowledgeable and tries to meet everyone's expectations.  Co-workers are friendly and they help make the day go by. ", " An opportunity to be at the cutting edge of e-commerce. Learned a lot and enjoyed working with top class colleagues. Great place for someone looking to develop specific knowledge expertise. ", " Great this company was the best online training and employment I have experienced, Couldnt ask for a better team lead and manager. I would love to work for Amazon again to bad my position was seasonal. I truly enjoyed everyone including my customers that I worked with. I highly recommend AMAZON a a workplace. ", " amazon is an excellent place to work very clean fast pace and respectful staff. My only concern is the work we never really had much work to do some people like it some don't 10 and a half hours is a long time to just try and stay busy but when there is work the time go by fast. ", " The work itself is not that hard if you're willing to put in effort. Although don't get too comfortable because good work doesn't always mean you will continue to stay there.  On the plus side; if you get laid off you have the opportunity to come back during peak season. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " There is nothing good about working here.  You are randomly placed in either inbound work or outbound work. You cannot transfer until after 90 days. The work is not rewarding at all, nor is it fun. You get written up for almost anything (lateness, simple errors, not working fast enough, The breaks are way too short. You get treated like you're in prison by having to go through metal detectors and getting wanded. Schedules are terrible, unless you get lucky and get a morning shift. Management treats people like children. It is nearly impossible to get promoted. Policies are very backwards here. It is modern day slavery with an infrastructure like a prison. I don't recommend working here at all. There are much better jobs ", " This role required for me to persevere and push through a hard days work and also showed me a lot about myself. Warehouse operatives and agency managers develop an excellent understanding overtime due to feedback and targets therefore you are always motivated and pushed to the best of your abilities. The hardest part of this job was the physical part this was from picking for example. The most enjoyable part of it was the environment and the communication with everyone this made this a fun working environment. ", " Fast paste working environment, stowing  putting away products for 10 hour days , great place to work at and  It has good Pat and really good benefits. ", " Really fast place to work, always on your toes, very organized work place and very busy. The environment was a positive working place and also enjoyed my duties. ", " Working ten hours a day with overtime during peak season can be very draining, but this company does everything they can to help you along the way. ", " Wonderful Place to work at. Fast paced but very fun. Provided you work hard and do everything you are asked, this is an easy job. You get to meet all sorts of people. ", " On a typical day coming into stand up you find out your goal for the day and you try to reach it. My experience there made me very competitive and achieving goals were easy.  The hardest part was the long hours during peak season but the checks were the most enjoyable. ", " This place is a great place to meet people and experience and develop skills. The company through the hiring agency was a bit difficult to understand because the policy is different to Amazon. ", " its a very busy work place and always keep you on your feet. I fond amazon very fun to work for as it is a place for knowing that your a member of amazon and being a big part in a massive work place ", " As long as you do your job it's easy to meet standard. Hold on to your stock as long as you can goes up every year. Work hard have fun make history!! ", " I can't say that Amazon as a whole is terrible but my specific location was terrible. The hiring process was relatively easy for me, initially got back to me quickly. After being hired, my recruiter practically disappeared. The training for the job is sad. Managers often don't let you finish your training. Non-peak season you work 4 days a week, peak season gets crazy, often with un-needed overtime. Upper management is terrible. They don't know what they're doing and change their minds constantly. A lot of favoritism goes on. You're there an hour before shift and an hour after. The job is not difficult, your associates will be your favorite part. Taking a lunch or break is frowned upon. ", " very productive and very good benefits I lean how o solve problems , drive a forklift etc . My typical day at work star with stretches every morning everybody goes to their asigments places and do their jobs . ", " I'm hoping to become a permanent employee at the Etna location. I'm loving the 'on the go' environment at Amazon. Working with the HR team is exciting and fast paced. They are always seeking to make the process better and more efficient.  Meeting new associates during the New Hire Orientations affords me the opportunity to get to interact with so many people.   I'm happy to work with these great folks. ", " I was put into ICQA and we basically were left alone after one day of training to be left to count bins. It was awful mind numbing. The place is so big you cant possibly find your way about. I was left to count this huge pallet of more than 1,000 items and the gun logged me out so I hat to put all the stuff back into the pallet.   Its Ridiculous. I wouldn't recommend the job to anyone ", " Seasonal Job at Amazon shipping and receiving packages during the christmas season.We had a company feed lunch for Thanksgiving a couple days before Thanksgiving. ", " not a very good place to work at, they will fire you very easily for things they do not communicate with you on, their system is messed up and always have soo many problems with it and will always come up to you and say that you either have TOT (time off task while you are working or being labor tracked) ", " The management is not up to par, co-workers were great, money was sometimes missing from my check that i had to show proof of working to get that back ", " I liked working at Amazon, it's a pretty easy place too work as long as you take care of everything you need too, Amazon is a great company that can keep you comfortable. ", " the quotas they expect you to hit for inbound receive is a nightmare and if you don't hit it the system writes you up automatically. You feel you have NO job security! ", " it was my first warehouse job met some nice people . one of my managers was very nice .. the pay was not bad found out i was one of the fastest scanners.. and i liked the job. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Stay focus, listen, follow orders, only do assignments you are trained for, be mental prepared for changes, try to learn daily about your work assignments and be on time to work ", " Awesome managers. Great work hours especially for students. I learned a lot from management and my coworkers. Honestly the only downfalls are no benefits, paid time off or that management didnt really engage personally. My favorite part was the meetings we would have before every shift. It helped us to know things and we clapped in like a true team. Didnt like that there were some people that were very lazy. ", " Taking chats. There are some issues with how the system we use works, that doesn't allow us to help the customer sometimes. But most of the time it is just about knowing what you are doing and being responsible. And the most important thing is to really care for your customers and help them as much as you can with a lot of passion. They are the reason you are here for. ", " I enjoyed working for amazon.  The environment is like I have heard google.com described.  We were supported and treated like members of a team instead of an employee ", " amazing work environment would love to stay but it it is a seasonal position they are very flexible and accommodating for everything overall great company ", " 60 hour work weeks, Always blame everyone else for faults. Terrible management and leadership team. Human Resources is a joke. ", " not a bad place to work. too many hours and maybe more money. but overall not a bad place. there is also the issue of only one 30 min brake for 8 hours. that is not enough time to have lunch ", " A place where work should come in first and get used to it. Fast paced keeping up with rates but no windows keeping your mind from wondering. ", " Amazon was a stressful job., but a fun place to work. Pay was comparable, benefits were good. I worked from home as part of the virtual call center. THe hours were difficult, however a shift differential was given. ", " Amazing place to work. Great benefits and many career advancement. I really enjoyed working here. Great atmosphere and everybody is friendly. ", " I enjoy my job with the interaction it makes the day a lot more productive because I learn and can encounter things I normally would not at other jobs. ", " Job is ok if you're seasonal, you'll get paid every Friday. Job is cool, management is very helpful. You work 4 days a week, your choice of shift. They do offer VTO &amp; PTO. Meet cool people. ", " I love working there I love making sure people got just the things they ordered. It was also a very clean place. The over time was also great. Yes I would also go back ", " Can be hectic at times due to some departments being open 24/7. Some departments require 12 hour shifts due to certain production fulfillment requirements ", " It is a great job opportunity and they give everyone an equal opportunity. Work is fun and you will meet a lot of people. The days of work are pretty much the same so you will get used to it. ", " When working with Amazon, you know you are always going to be busy doing something, no matter what. Get to lean how the packing and shipping industry works. ", " Working for amazing was pretty stressful. I was a picker there and I felt like I was a slave. They work you for long hours and don't get enough break or lunch time. ", " Loved my job and most of the people i worked with. Did not have properly trained management, and went through managers too quickly.  Break schedule could have been better. ", " I had a fun time working here! The machinery was easy to learn and they had a great training program in place. The workplace culture was very welcoming. ", " This job is very fast-paced. It is a lot of physical work. I would sort packages up to 50 pounds. We were required to scan a certain amount of packages per hour. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Seems like the Lead personnel let their power get to their heads. At times work can be uncomfortable. Its like they know it all by now, That;s the type of management that i don't look myself working for. ", " Amazon the best job I ever have. It always keeps us busy. Supervisors are excellent they appreciates all the efforts you did. They always says \"Thank you\" after your shift. ", " Work environment is hostile and management turns their heads to bad events happening.  Female employees are not protected from harassment.  Instead they are terminated. ", " I am providing these words only to appease the silly requirement of 150 characters given above. I am here just to apply for jobs, and not to give reviews of previous jobs. ", " an overall fun environment with many interesting and new people. a very safe place to work with safety employees walking around making sure everyone is safe and doing there job to keep their body safe ", " They just really need you as a body moving around the boxes and shipping for them. I understand that this is still a respected company and job but it is not for me. Typical day here was always the same, Move packages around and build pallets ", " Great place to work if you are a hard worker. Stand on your feet for ten hours 4 days a week. I've enjoyed working at amazon.  My night shift manager was amazing . The friends I met we're great and enjoyable to be around.  You work hard so if you are not afraid of hard work,  amazon is the place to be.  Great benefits.  I just had mishap out on medical leave but you can get rehired after 90 days. ", " So far so good I enjoy my position  at Amazon  it's very busy and productive the staff is extremely nice an everyone is a team player ", " Amazon is a nice places to work if your single they have to many hours per day not enough time to expend with your family. But is a fun job they keep you really busy and every day they try to improve the way you work so the merchandise get in and out on time. ", " it's a job, the atmosphere is not good, no one is happy. It is basically a job to help pay the bills.  Benifits are pretty good though ", " amazon is a great company to work with only down side is not knowing if you will keep your job at the end of a contract but if you work really hard then you have a great chance ", " Love the environment great benefits from day one great pay and hours available. I really enjoyed working for this company ", " Promised the world when you start and they do not deliver. One person tells you one thing and another will tell you the exact opposite, Leaving you to decide who is right and who is wrong. Had 20+ hours of time messed up on my check that HR NEVER fixed for me and I reminded them every couple of days and was told I was creating unnecessary tension in the workplace. I can only speak for the Obetz facility as I hear nothing but good things about Etna. ", " Productive and fun workplace, friendly stuff, fast phase, and constantly changes  loved working there but it's time for me to move on. ", " an overall fun environment with many interesting and new people. a very safe place to work with safety employees walking around making sure everyone is safe and doing there job to keep their body safe ", " it was a very good job with great benefits. i helped customers find the items that they wanted all through a scanning system and ensured they received the best of the best ", " Working with amazon wasn't easy but it was a lovely experience. It gave me a confidence boost. I learned how to work with my colleagues in a group. I would help my co-workers when they'd need help or if they'd ask.  There was nothing hard in this. The best part of working here was everyone was friendly. ", " Great and fun place to work! People are nice and easy to work with! Benefits are great! Big place to work allot of room! I only worked there for 5 months and I learned quick. Easy to learn not to hard work ", " Easy to work there, fun to do, different departments and promotions available. They are a good company with good management and good pay rates. Highly recommended. ", " If you go in thru the agency or thru the company, everyone is treated the same. The only thing you don't get is the holiday pay and the discount for purchases thru the site. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I liked working here because of the fast paced environments and the great pay. There are a lot of downsides to the job but what job doesn't have a downside. ", " Good place to work with opportunities to learn and work in n different departments. Strong safety matters onsite amcare ", " Its a good job for the future lot of success good pay good benfits u could also move up position and the workplace is awesome and its always help when u need it ", " A typical work day is picking a cart full of items and scanning each item to put in the correct shelves. The co-workers are from ages 18yo and up. I liked the management are the managers would work with everyone in the warehouse. ", " Great place to work in, Not enough opportunity for advancement hence employees with big dreams are always looking to move. the pay is not enough for the work ", " Easy to grasp once given a little help. Navigation could use a little adjusting and it can be hard to find parking sometimes. Customers are happy to see you arrive. ", " They have great benefits. Its multiple departments you will be given an opportunity to partake in as long as you are up to the requirements to transfer between departments. ", " A great stepping stone to kick start your career. Great HR team, work hard and make history.  New challenges everyday. No day is the same. ", " great place to work at just need to stop blaming employees for things. great enviroment and cool people to meet. need to have more  employee apreciative lunches. ", " I enjoyed most days at work because I worked along side other hard working individuals accomplishing same goal getting packages out timely, and efficiently. I learned that sometimes accomplishing the company goals are more important than an individuals needs or preferences. Management for my specific area was great, the supervisor listened to ones needs without bias, tried to be fair. My coworkers were great, I trained many of my co workers, many went on to be supervisors, or in management positions. The most enjoyable part of my job at Amazon was having the opportunity to be an Ambassador, which is a trainer for large amounts of employees at peak season. This was very rewarding for me. ", " This place is a great place to meet people and experience and develop skills. The company through the hiring agency was a bit difficult to understand because the policy is different to Amazon. ", " As long as you do your job it's easy to meet standard. Hold on to your stock as long as you can goes up every year. Work hard have fun make history!! ", " its a very busy work place and always keep you on your feet. I fond amazon very fun to work for as it is a place for knowing that your a member of amazon and being a big part in a massive work place ", " Hours are consistent and the insurance is great.They are staunchly anti-union, though. Expect to be underpaid and overworked. You'll be expected to keep pace with robots, counting the days until one takes your job. ", " they are very flexible with the schedules and allow time off if needed, there are good managers and people and the benefits are really good, a lot of giveaways during peak season. ", " Fast paced environment, nice people, short brakes. good incentives. Once permanent your salary improves a little bit and also your benefits. ", " It's an easy job, with friendly people and good management. There is plenty of things to focus on, and it's very fast paced. Certainly a very enjoyable work environment. ", " Working at amazon is very fast pace. Putting out a lot of work within an hour is very important to amazon. They want too make sure their customers get their things on time. ", " You meet very good people, with much to say about their lives. Other than only working 4 hours a day and getting hounded by management, it is a great job overall. ", " A typical day would be clock in and would have a short stand up meeting and then head to our stations and start counting items within the pods that would come to the station I was assigned. Takes your breaks throughout the day and have another standup meeting after lunch. I work a 10 hour shift from 6pm to 430 am. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " No time for life and definetly don't feel as if you will move up in the company, very repetitive on a daily basis and no chance to do anything different in the warehouse. defintly not meant for people who have dreams and goals in life ", " from the first day walking in I knew I was going enjoy working at amazon, everyone from the security to upper management just seemed to be so happy to be at work. I've learned that taking peoples view into consideration you can come up with great ideas and solutions. ", " I clock in for work go to our daily stand up meeting, to discuss what is happening at the job and what goals we have met that day. Then I look for myself on the board to see what my job for the first half of the shift consists of and then I go and do my daily work. ", " coming in at amazon the people are very easy to get alone with, the management are great, and everybody a team. the hardest part of the job was waiting for work to come available. the most enjoyable part about the job is having continuing work all day. ", " Amazon.com was a fulfilling and rewarding job experience. I really enjoyed working for and being a member of Amazon.com I would recommend this job to anyone. ", " This place was all about walking miles and miles of warehouses. I had a bad knee so standing was just a nightmare let alone walking. They did give us breaks which were nice but unfortuantely for me it wasn't long enough for my feet to get used to the ridiculous amount of walking. I was also a seasonal worker who was told that I could become a permanent worker if I did a good job but later learned that no one who was seasonal was hired on to be permanent. ", " Typical day was very early starts however once there the hours flew passed. The daily hours were between 7 - 12 hours a day. Learned how to micromanage my time very quickly. Really enjoyed my time and wish I could have stayed longer. ", " Amazon was an okay job. The pay was great and overtime pay was worth it. However, the managers were new and had very little experience. The job is easy, but demanding as well. You can get spoken to for the littlest of things. ", " Amazon is an excellent place to work. The pay is great, and also the benefits. Everyone is friendly and very helpful. There is never a dull moment working there. They also show their workers great appreciation, whether it's saying thank you, or getting food, or vendor bucks, it's let's the workers know that we are appreciated. I just love the job all together. ", " The best thing about this work place is the Benefits they are affordable and very good. The hours are just really long. Wish they had eight hour shifts. ", " Great Company, Great People. It's an engineer-driven company without a doubt (that *is* changing, but it's still very engineer-focused). You can't find a more well-regarded company that actually deserves the hype it gets. ", " Amazon CHA1 facility has some serious management problems. It's a job if you need a job, don't plan on long-term. The turnover is massive.   While people tend to go to work to work, and there's always some that don't want to work, this environment is pretty negative and I was a good worker.   Don't go to work for this facility. Just keep looking. ", " I loved working at Amazon, they're productive, fast paced, always have something that needs to be done. The managers are extremely nice, so are other associate's. I made multiple friends. It was an overall great learning experience. ", " Hardest job I have ever seen worked at! Constantly on the go go go. You had to be constantly on task you can't be off for any reason! I loved the people and the work was very hard and exhausting and crazy hours but I loved it! ", " great place to work fun rewarding also exciting . Make sure to drink plenty fluids and stretch before every start day . Managers are always often very busy but great people . ", " My experience at Amazon was great and most of the staff was very delightful and helpful. Some days can become a challenge but the one thing I love most about working at Amazon is that everyone pitches in as a team to get the job done and it makes things so much easier. ", " My co-workers are helpers some are, not and some are towards me and other employees . I enjoy my day at work, I would like to change how many hours I work, I would like to have a family but cant right now. ", " The workplace itself was very mechanical and organised. You rarely got a chance to speak to your workmates because you had to be working ALL the time, at double speed to reach your targets. The start of an average day was easy. We gathered around the crew board while the manager for the day read the days brief and expectations, nearly always told a joke which was a quick chuckle if anything else.  The first two hours are easy, time flies past in those first 2 hours. The next two hours also go by extremely quickly. Next is lunch. So I've heard from my workmates the food they serve at the cafeteria is nice. It doesn't look appetising though. I always brought a packed lunch. After you are done with lunch you then have to survive a gruelling 3 and a half hours which always go painfully slowly. The last 2 and a half hours are a piece of cake.  In my opinion the worst part of the job is mandatory overtime. Even though in my time working there I only got put on one shift of mandatory overtime, I really hated it.  I would say there was a best part of the job itself but there wasn't. The best part for me personally was going home on Friday. ", " I love to help people, I  can be able to stand for long periods of time, I like to get a good relations with my co-workers and my superiors.I am open to follow directions from my superiors and the most enjoyable part of any job is to learn something new in my job. ", " I love that I came across this job opportunity when I had. My youngest son had just turned 5 months and I was ready to return back to work but had been worried about leaving my baby so soon. The hiring process went quickly and smoothly, only downside to working from home is you have to travel to complete your I-9 registration.   Once hired and on my first day I began self progressed training, given a \"due date\" to have everything completed by. Easy as pie. Supervisors make it a point to introduce themselves and answer any and every question one could have.   After you have completed the beginning steps of training you are required to do a session of live calls to get a feel for what you are doing while talking to a customer. Following that is another session of training-then that's it!   The hardest part of the work is getting passed the bad days, not every person you talk to will be the most understanding or forgiving.   The most enjoyable part of the job is frankly in my case not having to leave my house and only working for a few hours a day to just a handful a week. I make my own schedule that works for my family. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The only good thing about this job was the benefits that we received . the warehouse was unorganized, they could NEVER get orders correct. the management was lazy and unprofessional (customers were not first as stated) ", " Amazon will be a great place to work if a few changes are made to improve management. Constant changes procedure and rates. ", " Amazon was a great place to work the only hard thing was that hours got messed up and complications arose from that. I think that it would be a great job for someone with flexible hours. ", " The day starts early morning or late evening and consists of power walking, squatting, walking some more, reaching, and lifting products weighing up to 49 pounds. ", " My typical day at work consist of attendance checking, work training employees running label machines for costumer package problem solving and blind audits ", " Great management and co-workers which makes a huge difference. Flexible schedule and provides a fun, fast-paced environment which makes the day fly by. ", " It was always fun. Because they always prices for the competitions. Everyone was nice. Everyone is treated equaly. The managers where great ", " i would pick an item from the pod and put it in the specific box.  I would do that half the day.  Then I would got to tape and dunnage.  i would audit the box then put in the bubbles  and then tape it and send it to the pod .  Which would goto shipping ", " i work 3rd shift. I work as a packing and sorts. I like to work at different departments. It is easy to learn also, I like to help other. I can meet their expecting. ", " A day at Amazon went like this. You'd start out by clocking in and joining your team for daily stretches and announcements. You'd then go to your designated station and start putting away items if you were a stower or picking items if you were a picker. This would go on for a good 10 hours with breaks and a lunch in between. co-workers are hit and miss but they're mostly good help when you need it. management is also hit and miss but in my experience most were difficult to work with. the hardest part of the job was keeping up with the set pace they had. The easiest part of the job was keeping track of the time you were there. ", " 12 hours a night standing, supervisors who had no clue what they were doing, insufficient break times, noisy environment, constant breakdowns and delays. ", " It was a great company to work for. I was in charge of all customer service, answering phones, and making appointments. We always worked together as a team and always got the job done. ", " a typical day at amazon , is very fast paced everything you do you have to move with a purpose if your not used to being on your feet a good pair of sneakers is a must you from my experienced my co workers were very helpful if I had any issues. so was my management team ", " I was able to learn everything in my department in a short amount time. I was able to work with friends all the time. Management didn`t know how to handle things properly. They also played favorites. ", " Some days are super busy and stressful and some days are slow and fun. Because its a new building its a little rocky on management but everyone works together as a team and makes the job a better place ", " Good conditions of work.Nice environment, the place is very clean, canteen with good food, paddock to relax in the break playing pin pong or snooker with collages. ", " \u201cgreat place to start and be with\u201dSt rated career in amazon as excellent workplace, and people are very helpful with self appreciation.Job security ,womens friendly company . ", " i don't know what to say the job was hard and i quit after 2 months  if you really need the money then apply other then that it was kinda boring and night shifts made you not have time. ", " meeting new people, my manager was great. in all it was ok. i learned alot from there. met different kind of people from different countried. management was ok ", " It is a good job... You manage your time, and you dont have any tipe of pressure! The only thing bad is the Miles that you have to do from your first delivery until you get home! "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I love the atmosphere but the travel is a bit far and the work is strenuous. It's warehouse feel so most of the time you don't know if it's NIGHT or day out but overall it's pretty easy. ", " Amazon is a very cultural  work place its fun to meet different employees from all over the world. Management and everything about the place is very organized very well.In order to work at amazon you have to be able to work hard and work long shifts daily. The hardest part of the job is the parking lot having patience with the long traffic that comes with working at a very large building. I've learned how to stay focus for a long period of time, how to talk to be people who knows little English, how to act under pressure, and how to be a hard working employee. ", " You see an ad to work with Amazon and it looks great, you are told there is opportunity to go permanent, it isn't true. You never get the full 40 hours a week, usually around 20 due to over staffing so people get sent home with no pay!!! ", " the worst job ever management are a nightmare and don't care about the workers health i once heard a worker telling the manager he felt as if he was taking a heart attack and the manager told him he didn't care if he took a heart attack just to get the job done and the hours were a nightmare no structure you didn't know when you were going to finish good work colleagues but everyone hated the job. ", " Terrible hours, promise of great earnings, instead was working 12 hour shifts for 45 pounds a day (which is about half the money than working for minimum wage) Terrible waiting time in the morning and not competetive salary ", " Amazon is a joke!!! They are always hiring because they can't keep employees! Their picking rates is 305 an hour! If you can't get your rates up out the door you go! That place needs to be UNION!!! ", "  \tWorking on Software Development in Digital Software and Video Games Platform.  \tCreated Auditing System which is a real time expert system implementing business rules. It was required for predictive maintenance and process validation.  \tCreated a Rules Engine to fire and execute rules and perform required fixations as predictive maintenance.  \tDesigned the application on Service Oriented Architecture, created services and used Guice Dependency Injection for the faster instantiation and execution of services. ", " Loved working here always OT being offered.  Be prepared to walk a lot, good exercise and workout. Yes there is a rate to be made but not hard. Pay is decent ", " I love the flexibility and atmosphere. Our supervisors are understanding. Its very laid back compared to other warehouse jobs. I'm honored to be a part of such a great company. ", " benefits are great. coworkers are awesome. management can be better they're all miserable life balance is good except during peak ", " it was an average job that you would take to make some extra money, the hours were long and the money was decent. if you were very committed you could move up in the company also which was nice. ", " If you have a degree, don't start from the bottom. Nearly impossible to advance past a level 3.  Long hrs, time off is a joke, no sick leave, very little vacation and paid time off. ", " I like working there its sometimes fun but ur always on the move earned alot more on the warehouse environment that i never knew. It was a big workout ", " Not a good place to work management is terrible and they expect you to work as a robot. Hour are terrible. They received one star each only because it was required because personally I give it zero stars. ", " Unexperienced management team right out of college. Hardest part of the job is not going home when you are being criticized. Only enjoyable part was meeting new people and making new friends. ", " fun place to work,great pay,lots of overtime,was able to work in different departments and learn new skills and travel  to other facilities to help out ", " Some days are super busy and stressful and some days are slow and fun. Because its a new building its a little rocky on management but everyone works together as a team and makes the job a better place ", " I'm very sure who ever is running this site is pocketing a lot of the money that can be used for resources for this facility. Not only does the owners harass the staff by rushing the process of things that everything from receiving to delivery is all messed up. On top of that they have no proper equipment for drivers or the vehicles they use to deliver at night and during inclement weather. ", " Good pay. Good benefits. I like the work environment. Having three days off every week instead of two is awesome as well. I would recommend this job to others. ", " Management is very cooperative. I learnt lot. I develop my overall personality. Staff members are very friendly. Very positive environment. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The pay was above average, but the hours were long and short term basis. The other employees were great to work with.  The drive to and from work was long. ", " The work here is very easy messy and fun. Towards the weekend is very busy and gives you a chance to show off your skills. Everyone here is happy at all times. ", " expect to work in a fast paced fun environment..i had a wonderful expirence working here..there was always some type of excitement to look forward to when you come into work whether it was the am's or the co workers ", " I would prefer not to comment unless I know that this is anonymous. I did not enjoy working here. The management themselves are perfectly fine but the agency I worked for was below par. It was unacceptable and many have the same feelings as myself. ", " Meet good people and made good money but the managers is terrible and doesn't care about their workers. I wouldn't go back if life depends on it ", " Stay focus, listen, follow orders, only do assignments you are trained for, be mental prepared for changes, try to learn daily about your work assignments and be on time to work ", " hard worker getting pallets how to get the job done quick meeting new people the management is good having break my co-workers are nice to work with ", " Hours are consistent and the insurance is great.They are staunchly anti-union, though. Expect to be underpaid and overworked. You'll be expected to keep pace with robots, counting the days until one takes your job. ", " I am an expendable employee and am treated as such. Given the size of the hiring pool and the nature of the work, I can't rightly expect a personalized, responsive management, but I can't help but be somewhat disappointed in the degree to which individual workers are marginalized within the company. ", " I loved working here it was a fun place to work. Mostly you just assist customers with the problems they are having with their orders that they have placed. Wild and crazy style here you can just be you. ", " I loved working here I had some personal issues to attend to and sadly had to leave but seriously work here it's a good paycheck and the people are really nice. ", " The work is tough but it's never been as bad as some claim it to be. I find a lot of my coworkers to complain about everything even though we're never overworked or treated poorly. If you're afraid of hard work then this is not the place for you, but if you can put up with it, it's a very friendly atmosphere. My mangers listen to me and always greet me with a smile, although some managers are not the same way. ", " easy to adapt to and very fast pace. great pay for service . they do not over work you. it was not a difficult work place at all . ", " One of the worst places I ever worked. I hate how they treat their employees like a number, HR is the worst ever!! There is really no structure, rules changes everyday, to many kids. Coworkers are awesome, the managers, ops managers don't have degrees in their positions. Managers have to many favorites. You really have to kiss butt to move anywhere or try to learn new positions. This place is nothing but about NUMBERS.... Could be so much better, if only they cared about their employees. ", " I did not mind the job requirements for Amazon. I was rated at the top of my peers when we had to get our rates. I do feel that the company will help you proceed in the direction you want to go in in your career. I enjoyed the job but I did not care for the way problems were solved inside the company. I do know that now they have improved their staff which improved their production. ", " The job was very cut and dry. You would show up, be assigned your task for the day and then do your task until you were off or until they relocated you to do another task. On a daily basis I would scan packages the their perspective pallets, build pallets, wrap completed pallets and scan completed pallets to their outgoing lanes. My co-workers were easy to get along with as long as they were keeping up with their work. The hardest part of the job was trying to get some of my co-workers to stay on task instead of chatting with one another. The most enjoyable part of the job was recieving recognition for the work I was doing, management was alway roaming around looking to make sure we were working efficiently and effectively. ", " Amazon is a good company to work for however, if you have a problem handling stress and anxiety i don't think this job is for you as it is a fast paced environment with lots of expectations. Great pay and benefits though. ", " receiving, packaging, loading, stocker, lifting up to 50 lbs, shipping, forklift sit down, stand up, power electric pallet jack, plastic wrap, and scanning products ", " Amazon allows its associates to advance and develop their career opportunities through different programs but the amount of work and mandatory overtime required makes it a very hard and exhausting place to work. The balance between personal and work life becomes difficult to manage due to the amount of hours required to work and the compensation and benefits are not worth it. Even though Amazon can be a fun place to work with many incentives, fun activities, holiday celebrations and more, the tasks become repetitive and boring after a few months making it difficult for the associates to stay motivated. ", " Amazon has been thus far the best job I have ever had. There are so many opportunities and benefits to take advantage of and gain from. When working for Amazon Fulfillment Center you really get the feeling of being a part of a team and being a part of the main goal and plot of the company. Everyone employed has lots of energy and much to teach and learn. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day is a 10 hour shift where management is expected to arrive 1 hour early and leave 1 hour late - in order to prepare for the day and then report on the days results to upper management I have learned a lot working for Amazon, i have developed my leadership skills tremendously. I have gained experience in developing a team, in performance managing hundreds of direct reports. I have gained knowledge in lean methodologies and performed a multitude of process improvement initiatives.  You have to be a certain type of person to succeed in this role. It is most definitely not a 9-5 type of job. The hours are long and the expectations are high. The payoff is good when you have the right team and are in a department where you can flourish. ", " Scary place to work at  Lots of overtime  Poor working conditions  Long hours Random mandatory overtime  Poor communication skills  Not stable  Easily terminated ", " Living in Dundee the very early travel to Dunfermline was a nightmare. Leave at 5.30am arrive 6.30am cannot start until 7.30am. Leave at 6.30pm back home just before 8 in bed for 9.00pm. No work life balance during week. Ask far too high targets most of the time unachievable unless you are a robot. Constant fear of paranoia with job security because of it. ", " Before every shift began, they had a team huddle, where stretches took place and had work appreciation of different types. When work began, if you are working according to pace and show quality of work, no supervisor or any manager would come to disturb because all your work is system monitored and the supervisors have the access to all your work related data. There are awards to be won every week like, a Kindle Fire tablet, or a Fitbit, or a giftcard, for anybody who shows exceptional work ethics. Lunch room has many games like, ping-pong, XBOX, Play Station, air hockey, and such. Work environment is really nice considering the type of work it is. There are many rights, facilities, and proper gear, provided to you by Amazon, so you can do your work with ease and comfort and most importantly with respect. The hardest part of the job was wearing safety shoes the whole time and walking considerable distances due to the massive scale of the warehouse. The most enjoyable part of the work is the ability to work with the people you like and everything else. ", " I like the job. The only thing is they wont let me drive for them and work at the warehouse. Which really was upsetting because I was making good money. ", " Worst job I've ever had, ever will have. The first time in my life that I felt like just an able body opposed to an actual human being. ", " I like when everyone is in a good mood in the warehouse it makes it that much easier to work.It can become tedious if your not prepared other than that I had fun working with them ", " There are all kinds of people that work here Be prepared to work hard The customer always comes first and you are reminded you would not be there if it werent for them ", " It is a pretty simple job and goes by quick. Since employees are not interviewed and only have to pass an assessment to get hired, you are working with people that have no care for the next person. Very rude staff, managers don't care much about employees. Constantly moving during the entire shift is a nice work out. ", " The hardest part was standing on my feet. I loved my job and my other coworkers. I learned how to work in an assembly line and how to push myself to work harder. ", " Loads of rewards with loads of expectations and demands. Very paced pace environment were each manager is responsible for their own department like it is their business. However maintaining a healthy work-life balance is very difficult. ", " Amazon taught me a lot about how hard jobs can be, especially warehouse jobs. But it taught me skills I can use at my next job. Working there was both positive and negative. ", " answer phones, troubleshoot, problem resolution, accounts payable, accounts receivable, human resources assistant, respond to emails, inventory, maintain databases ", " Amazon gives you the option of working from home which is very convenient. The schedule is picked in increments of 30 minutes so it's really easy and flexible. As a Reserve Associate you work up to 30 hours a week and up to 60 in peak season (November-January) You start with a self paced training period which is overall good and helpful and then you start assisting customers. The coworkers are great and help you whenever they can if you're stuck, The best part of this job is the satisfaction of the customers once you have been able to help them. ", " Heavy lifting hard day at work. 10 hr shifts with plenty of overtime 4 days a week. I learned a lot working at the facility computer skills, upc reading, sku lookups and much more. Management was amazing. Great happy outgoing group that made the job much easier. Co-workers were phenomenal. Great and fun to get along with and lots of after work fun. The hardest part of my job was 10 hour shifts lifting 30+ lbs. boxes everyday. Most enjoyable part of the job was the environment and teammates along with the people and management make it very exciting to see what happens the next day. ", " Some associates great people the management don't know how to work and treat staff so rude. Would not recommend anyone to work for them.. never believed anyone till now. ", " Long hours short breaks no life if your on night shift can send you home if it's quiet even if you have no way of getting home till public transport starts. they just don't care ", " Loved, loved loved my job at Amazon and was more than thrilled to go in. However the men working there are all a bunch of horndogs without a clue. They dont mind to do as they please and grope you at any given point. Management never done a thing to help. Other than the pig like men, its extremely enjoyable, fast paced and a very friendly/diverse environment. Plus SO many benefits and great time off plan! ", " My day very tiring and draining , I learned how to move at a steady pace. Management suck, I met some nice co-workers.. the hardest part is 10 hours and the enjoying part is discounts ", " Great company. Fast pace. High demand. Quality is the gain. Costumers always right. Great benefits. HR is always there 24 hours. Supervisor are very supportive "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Not a bad place to work but when they offer you a position that is \"sure to come\" make sure you sign something. This left me suddenly jobless and was hard on my life as a result. ", " not a very good place to work at, they will fire you very easily for things they do not communicate with you on, their system is messed up and always have soo many problems with it and will always come up to you and say that you either have TOT (time off task while you are working or being labor tracked) ", " 12 hour shifts short breaks and a lot of overtime, it is a lot of hard manual labor so the pay is decent but 12 hour shifts give you no time for anything other than a quick meal and bed before going back to slave all day ", " Amazon is a fun and busy environment. There is always work coming in so your constantly doing something. Walking around the warehouse all day long makes time pass by really fast and even has the added benefit of providing a decent workout. ", " Seasonal Job at Amazon shipping and receiving packages during the christmas season.We had a company feed lunch for Thanksgiving a couple days before Thanksgiving. ", " Warehouse work. Somewhat like a prison inside. Boring and stale. Too many \"rates\" to meet. Decent pay, decent flexibility and advancement opportunities. Good people to work with. ", " Its a good place to work when your hired on instead of temp work. I would not know the full benefit because I was not hired on through the company. Its a nice and clean environment to work. ", " Typical shareholder driven company.  Does not care about its employees, shady contracts, drivers are penalized for dishonest customers and thieves in the neighborhood.  VERY disorganized with on the spot changes in policies.  Managers are inexperienced in logistics. Sit at a computer screen all day and operate using data.  No customer experience, poor employee relationship skills.  I would not recommend working for Amazon. Stay away!! ", " is knowing at any moment that you feel like you cant go on someone always had your back and best intrest a job that you thought you couldn't do somone was always there...I loved the fact that they made me grow in to liking the job I was assign to it was always an exciment to go to work and strive for the best becoming much more then when you start that was my enjoyable moment when I was able to move up from what I was when I started as long as you push you will succeed. ", " Nothing overly-special about the environment. Production-fueled work atmosphere where good numbers matter more than anything. Sometimes there is an appearance of effort towards associate satisfaction, but for the most part the people who work there complain about silly things and most managers have gotten jaded. ", " Good work place. Work at a fast pace.Alot of walking. Program is good as well. Pushing and pulling carts. Putting away items and little box spaces. Uses a RF gun. ", " They have crazy long hours. Sadly you cant have your phone or listen to music which sucks but you get a lot of exercise working there. Can make good friends with the people that work there. ", " A normal day began with morning meetings at around 8am with the boss taking updates of projects going on with various team members and delegating additional tasks to them if required. Most of the times I would be busy editing some AutoCad drawings and making some 3D models on Inventor. ", " Much is expected.  Well drawn standards.   Only real issue is that the ever revolving door of co-workers leads to higher work load for others Many new employee are not dependable because of drugs and alcohol issues ", " its hot and dirty and repetitive but it sure pays the bills they have a nice break room, and the people are very friendly unless you get Rob as a manager ", " The money was good. Management wasn't good not a good place with advancement. No one there want to see you do better. It was time for me to go. ", " I was graveyard shift , it was  the  hardest part of the job.  It was continuously learning about safety, merchandise control, quality control, and  work intensive.  To work with people of different cultures, countries and different  ages was a good experince. To make my job with quality within supervision  and to be motivated for my supervisor or my co-workers was the mostly enjoyable part ", " amazon was a pretty good place to work. it just took some getting used to honestly.the physical exhaustion was a lot to deal with for the first week or two. but after i adjusted it was fun and i never had a minuet to be bored at work. ", " It's a nice place to work at, but if you are a temp/contract employee you will need to go through a full loop to be converted to FTE and your quality of work there won't help you get the job, you will be evaluated as if they never saw you. ", " A typical day at work is standing 10-12, fast face. Learned to stay focus at all time. They offer great benefits. Great company. They treat their employee great. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " There was constant work. No day was never not busy. The actions you do are repetitive and robotic. Days blend in more and more. You wake up and it's dark and go home the same. ", " Usually stressful days at times, but does get better when coming up with strategies to make work easier. Learned how the building runs, gaining knowledge how other departments operate including problem-solving skills and experiencing PA work. Management has its good and greats, communicates well with associates and knows how to work with their barriers. Co-workers are fun to work with, have respect for each other. Moving inventory that weigh more than 100 pounds. Is making customers happy and come back to shop again. ", " Horrible HR management. These kids are young and uneducated. The job isn't hard and making rate is fairly easy. Standing, walking on concrete is very hard on the feet. I would never shop or work for Amazon again. Tips: do your job and stay far away from anyone in HR. Them kids are useless. ", " Awful place to work,1/2 an hour break in a 11 and a 1/2 hour shift.If you are desperate enough to work for them GOOD LUCK. Hard and fast paced environment,this is sometimes made even harder depending which job you were given that night.Your every move seems to be monitored by the supervisors and managers which becomes very tiresome. Certainly not for me. ", " Manufacturing environment with round the clock operation. Can make work/life balance difficult for those with families. Great place for growth with those fresh out of college. ", " if was a great place to work and i loved my time there and all the bosses and staff were nice to me and helped me better my self and helped me strive to reach my gaols ", " This is a great place to work if you are early in your career and don't need work/life balance.  If you are married, with kids, etc. ENTER AT YOUR RISK! ", " This position is a very flexible job. You create your own schedule from a bidding pool of thousands of hours that is posted roughly five weeks out. You are a phone associate, so you need a dedicated office and a good computer. ", " Good benefits! Working at the warehouse is not hard work. Just physically draining, and redundant. I think it's a good place to start out with in the warehouse business. ", " Amazon was a good company to be employed by. Generally speaking, the work was not labor intensive, they offered good benefits and the compensation was competitive. They offered monthly bonuses dependent on productivity, attendance and performance. Personal, vacation and unpaid time off available which helped ", " Management are friendly. if there was a question that needed answering they were able to get you a response quickly. the hardest part of the job is trying to maintain a rate when there was not any work available. ", "  \tAssisted customers to find the desired product requested. It may be through assisting the sale floors along with placing online orders when required.  \tAnswered incoming calls and called other stores when required.  \tPacked up material that was being sent to another store or placed in storage. ", " I enjoy my position.  Fun working atmosphere with great Supervisors.  Great benefits.  Hands on supervision.    My typical day at work begins with a stand up procedure to receive all updated announcements.  Work starts out with clocking in to your computer and getting the products ready to Prep...e.g., bagging, taping, bubble wrap, etc.  Hardest part of the job is standing on your feet for 10 or 11 hours a shift.  Most enjoyable is sitting down at break and lunch.  Resting your feet as much as possible.  Sharing important information with each co-worker to be sure the job process is successful. ", " i dont feel these is anything hard about the job, to me its a piece of cake, i love helping people but in my depart we deal with customers we tell no to all the time but i stay calm and firm and let them know i cant do much more and we have to investigate ", " Amazon is a job with great positives that rope you in. They have awesome pay, with minimal requirements. As well as immediate benefits and plenty of overtime. Which is perfect for seasonal workers. But when you are looking to advance you realize the dirty game Amazon plays.   Incentives and bonuses are not give, after working so hard to be earned. The stress, from the condition of the environment you work in, combats the mental/physical stress of doing the work at benchmark. There is absolutely no kind of job security. The job just take more from you then you'll ever recieve. ", " good stepping stone job if you want to learn about logistics. not a career stop for most. advancement is difficult after a certain level ", " This was a great company to work for. They have so many opportunities to advance in the company. They help you with school. Just come in give your all and you'll be rewarded. ", " good and friendly environment, good benefits. training is efficient. multiple breaks in between shifts. safe and just an over all great place to work as long as you don't mind walking for pretty much 12 hours every day/night. ", " I love the people I work with so far. They always have a positive attitude. It's a great company so far. The manager is fun. I wish HR was more understanding ", " we work 10 hour days with a 30 minute lunch break and two 15 minute breaks. We work in a friendly environment with the expectation of making rate on a daily basis. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Lovely bunch of people from all different backgrounds. The company put you through your licences for example FLT PUP Reach and LLOP, unfortunately they are all in-house licensed. ", " They don't treat you the best. They treat you like workhorses and then will write you up for missing rate but just 1%. They just go around staring at a computer as for management. ", " Can be a demanding work environment depending on the department, but there are lots of opportunities for learning. They are also really great about internal transfers which can be helpful when you want a change. ", " Only problem is you never know when your going to be working until last minute, and they tend to not care about dropping you so you earn no money at all. Also the routes are very big upto 200 parcels and 110 drops even after christmas. ", " Amazon is a great company with great perks while working there Ive learned a number of skills I can take along with me like teamwork, communication, responsibility,hard work and packaging skills ", " This was probably the best job that I have ever had. I always enjoyed going to work and I loved the people there including the management. The was an equal amount of respect given to and from management which was nice. They treated their employees like people rather than assets. The typical work day would consist of picking orders for customers, receiving new product, and organizing those products accordingly. the hardest part of the job was just its monotonousness. Otherwise, it was easy and enjoyable. I found unloading the trucks enjoyable. Through my experience at amazon I learned to look for jobs who treat their employees with the same respect. ", " i loved working for amazon i enjoyed my daily task and i really enjoyed my co-workers. amazon looks out for its employee not like most warehouse jobs that seem like a sweat shop. there was always something to excite me about the next day. ", " This is a very good job when you are between jobs.  The pay is low and the hours are long.  The work is not hard but it is tedious ", " Have fun, make history, work hard, and get rewarded. It really was wonderful working with a strong team from top to bottom, no joke. ", " Decent place to work if you're looking for side income. But is imperative to have another job. Wear comfortable shoes and dress in layers. Also it helps that you can you choose your schedule to fit your life. ", " Management hardly ever communicates with employers before making major decisions involving the employers. They expect the employers to go from one job function to the next with little to no training and master it. ", " worked too many 10 and 12 hour shifts over 4 different peak seasons, stayed all the way thru peak without ever being offered permanent employment. ", " You have to meet performance goal everyday. Love that it's a 4/10 shift job. They offer lots of OT, which is great! They offer benefits after 1 month, which is great. ", " 4 days of work at 10 hour shifts, unless there is overtime which would be another full 10 hour day during the week. fast paced keeps job going ", " Good place to learn entry level maintenance. Schedules are not good at all. Pay is okay and benefits are really good. Co-workers are all good but dont have the best training. Training is a serious problem. ", " I see a lot of four stars here with not enough detail on how poorly run the place is by inadequate managers and leads. These managers and leads are either much older than you and try to patronize you and ignore your requests for actual input, preferring the sound of their own voice, or they're the same age as you and try to act mature but fail at it miserably. I remember being told by one manager how to respect their authority  while they continuously ate on the floor while talking to you with their mouth full. Shem.   This company offers Ask Nelson but barely mentions it to you. I only heard by word of mouth. A psychologist mentioned that not many people are happy there and the Centre has a lot of improvements to do.   The hours are long and take a while to get used to. The pay wasn't that spectacular but above average. Growth was a distant dream, and handed to the lucky few who were in a sense pushing for prefect. If offered a job in a different sector, be careful not to step out of line otherwise they slap you with a warning and you can kiss that growth goodbye. The transport system was abysmal and drivers constantly fell asleep behind the wheel. Someone mentioned that pros were free fruit and popcorn? Well if you're on night shift and working certain hours and days, you'll see very little if any as it's more centered for the day workers, who seem to enjoy their jobs there much more.   Good luck applying here. ", " I loved eveeything about working there. U work with alot of people and they help u any time u need a hand. Its always something to do when there is nothing to do ", " I like it but they work you to the bones. being time to go the bathroom. short break are least than 5 mins. 5 mins to walk to lunch room then 5 mins back and sign in station a min before break over. ", " I truly enjoyed my time working at amazon.A typical work day was filled with something new.Most days my co-workers made sure that everybody was on the same page,and where working together.Management worked well us,and made sure we each had the skill-set for our assigned job. ", " Slavery is on the comeback, Amazon is the most unorganised place I have ever worked at, The managers or shift managers don't give a \"f\" if your feet or back is hurting for trying to walk 15-20miles to pick up from there shelves. especially the night shifts 10/hr. Nothing good to say about the place other than I hope it gets burnt down. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " clock in do exercises and report to work station.  learned to be fast and accurate.   management was aloof and never really interacted with employees, employees were easier to get along with, sorting and packing was the  most enjoyable part of the job, hardest part of the job was trying to keep up the pace to get the merchandise flowing despite machine problems ", " Walsh is one of the worst company's to work with ! Kyle Walsh owns the business and he is barely there and it's hard to ever get in contact with him as a driver ! Hugo (Supervisor) is the WORST supervisor to ever deal with. He is beyond disrespectful and he is not fair with distributing day's for people to work. When ever you need a rescue Hugo picks and chooses who to send a rescue for which is highly unfair. Then he gives CERTAIN people plenty day's to work and others is whenever he needs you. Don't recommend anyone applying for this company! ", " One of the best companies I have had the experience to work with. Very professional in all that they do, safety is very important in the workplace and Amazon is all about safety. ", " I found working here was not very nice  Management was terribler  Not a flexible place to work at all   Hardest part about the job was dealing with idiot managers ", " This job required an extreme amount of energy and time. You work 12 hours of strenuous shift with barely a break or lunch. You have no social life, at all. ", " Enjoyed the time i worked at Lowes. Very antiquated with the management and other employees. Job was very easy to a person that doesn't mind working and taking on task that were given by manager. Learned how to be sociable and find the needs of customers. Nothing hard about the job what so ever. Follow your daily assignments and work listed added by management of what needed to be done to make our department better. ", " Working at the Sheffield Amazon site was a nightmare   Amazon staff are bullying  other workers on site. You do not feel safe at work because there is no Cctv on site  and when you are trying to get on with your job  you have  Amazon staff stearing at you the whole day. There is really a bad culture at Sheffield dxs1 Amazon delivery station. To make a long story short I would not recommend Amazon as good work place.. ", " I come to work then audit pallets for a few hours. i then check drivers in and take care of any pallets that are loaded into the wrong trucks then i go home. I learned to use there system very well and my coworkers are hard working as well as the management. the most enjoyable part is learning to use the system. ", " Amazon carries any and every product imaginable, and as a Picker, I was in charge of gathering up the incredible variety of orders that any and everyone in the area were snatching up.  Every night, I would end up walking over 10 miles across the incredible aisles of merchandise, traveling from one end to another for each portion of my assignment.  I greatly enjoyed the fast nature of my work, and all the curious wares that Amazon provides its shoppers. ", " Work is awful long days and hours will be on your feet all day but company is good to work for better then most others. The pay is fairly high starting out, great benefits ", " Tight schedule every day Skill set could be grow Management is efficient Coworkers are very responsible It is easy get problematic when delivering a new feature since large scale problems. ", " During my internship, it's typical to work form 9 to 7 to get daily job done. But in general, it's a very productive environment and I got to develop very cool stuff with cutting-edge technology. ", " Good work place, good money, :) :) :)  .......................................................... Good and cheap food on canteen    Need to meet deadlines and sometimes it's  Hard work but still it's good place to work. ", " i didnt mind what i did at amazon,i was in the packing department,which basically i just packed the product in boxes and sent them down the conveyor.management could have been better,felt i didnt get a lot of interaction ", " schedule was 7:30am-6pm Thurs-Sun. I had two 15 mins breaks  and then a 30 mins lunch break. I was tired, stressed and i felt like a slave. hated it ! ", " I wanted to make permanent but has worked there during peak season. It seems like management should know a good worker to refer.   i enjoyed working on the dock and even got told by the supervisors that they like my work ethics at work .  hardest part was lifting things too heavy or finding out who pulled the e brake to rest the whole conveyor belt for the dock  I enjoyed working with my co workers who were willing to work with you and the bosses loved that i would always be willing to help and to learn new work task. ", " A day to day work would be picking products but the hardest part of the job was we had to hit 100% pick rate every day what was inpossible to do every day you worked there.   The management was not only hard to work for as they where only worryed about the pick rate.   Co-workers where good to work with as we all got along with each other no matter what kind of day we was having.   what did I lurn from this job team work is a big part of any job if you don't get along with every one it will just make your day harder and longer. ", " I appreciate the opportunity of working at Amazon but they don't really care about their employees at all. The way work day is not really guaranteed . ", " People always say Amazon isn't a good company to work for and is hard. it really isn't, yeah it could be long hours and on your feet a while, but honestly it's a great place to get into. ", " Excellent trainers along with understanding supervisors. The environment is safe and always clean. Friendly people with positive energy. Exciting tournaments to keep everyone motivated. Professional at its finest. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It is a great company to launch one's career. Amazon gives one a great opportunity to develop skills and gain experience that will benefit he or she greatly as they go throughout their career. ", " I learned how to operate the reach truck, PR, PC, clamp and tugger after over a year of employment although I requested it constantly.  They constantly move you around to other departments that you are not very good in instead of cross training other employees so that there is a rotation instead of the same people always being sent elsewhere.  Favoritism was a major problem there. ", " Don't treat British people nice , rude,nasty attitude have no respect when it comes to their employees where I suffered from anxiety and it isn't a nice place to work where they were pressuring people to keep to speed with targets and productivity which is a form of bullying and punishing the sick people too money too bad  Warn people who to apply for this could happen to yourselves ", " It is a friendly and safe environment and different ethnic groups. It's a nice place. You can say, There may be a chance you may have promotions. It depends on yourself. ", " A typical day at work you do get enough work to do and exercise. Any one who worked with me never complained about the work. ", " Great benefits after 1 year mark , manangent needs a little work.very fast pace and they don't have any problem getting rid of you , your always walking on egg shells , you only have a certain amount of time you can take off, you get personal like 40hrs (4 days) ,80 (8 days) and vacation accruing 1.35 days every 2 weeks for a year(32 hrs)-3 days and 2hours mandatory OT could be called 12hrs before a shift suddenly usually 4 day shifts on 5 with overtime . ", " The pay is good but it is hard to pick up hours. Amazon is making it more like hunger games to pick up hours. They onboard way to many people. ", " They hire people straight out of college who have no idea what there doing. and never done are job before.it use to be a nice job but it seems like the more amazon makes the worse it becomes. ", " I had a very well learning experience and alot of trust within my team at ont2 warehouse. The high paced environment is a fast way of learning multiple new responsibilities. ", " The training offered was unorganized making it hard to do the job and its requirements. I enjoyed the hard work and was always busy but was very confused as to how to do parts of my job or even where to go. I never met a manager or supervisor, just different trainers. ", " I didn't like the fact that they make you operate a lift, that takes you 50 feet into the air. They train you one day and put inexperienced people on those lifts. ", " The management regulations was not up to date  in the department I moved into. The job was a great experience for me. The most enjoyable part the job consisted was working in the warehouse. A typical day was a productive day. ", " Productive target driven environment.    Amazon Fulfillment is a great organization in which to learn warehouse operations.  Had the opportunity to work in Inbound, Outbound, Product Returns and Intercompany Transfers.  Also had the opportunity to train new Warehouse Associates. ", " working for amazon was hard at times, but overall it was fun meeting new people and meeting the goals given, the security is fantastic. ", " Don't feel like writing too much, but they treat you like you're nothing because they know there's another 100 of you waiting for the job. One side of the management has no clue what the other side is doing, no co-ordination. ", " The hours were too long, most days required standing in the same position for 10 hours straight doing the same repetitive work over and over with no change. The work was not challenging in the slightest after 10 minutes the rest of the day was spent looking at the clock waiting for the shift to end. The people were friendly and easy to get along with (including permanent mangers) however the agency was very strict and offered no incentive to keep hitting targets. It is impossible to do this job for any extended period of time as it is so mind-numbing. The best part of the day was leaving. ", " it was a very nice place to work. if your looking for fast employment and good pay you should got apply  they where very helpful they will work with you as far as your work hours and transportation and you can move up in the company if you would like to as well ", " \u201cgreat place to start and be with\u201dSt rated career in amazon as excellent workplace, and people are very helpful with self appreciation.Job security ,womens friendly company . ", " Every day you do the same thing over and over again, management responds too slow which will affect your rate, co-workers are friendly. ", " It was a decent place to work for. Working there is good way to lose weight. The amount of work they expect you to do vs the amount of pay they give you isn't totally worth it. They give you a monthly bonus based on the whole builds productivity instead of your own personal productivity which is not right in my opinion. If you place 2 pieces of product into a wrong bin out of 5,000 plus you do a day they will give you a big lecture on how you are doing a bad job and need to do better or you will get a write up. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day at work will be either cutting open boxes all day or having to judge if returned products are sellable or not.  I learned which items get returned often so i know not to buy them in the future.  Management is not bad. They are respectful.  The hardest part of the job is maintaining your rate and handling standing in the same position for hours.  The most enjoyable part is lunch break. ", " Long hard hours   Learned how to work at a good paste to get the job done   The management was great   Coworkers help each other   The hardest part was only the overstuffed products  I enjoyed everything about the job ", " Good job good work good team liked the environment pay decent overall good experience learned fast easy process to get hired stop asking me to review ", " Enjoyable place to work, fast paced environment, excellent customer service, good team players, good support provided whenever needed ", " Great place to work. I have only been working there for about a few weeks but so far it's nothing too difficult. A lot of walking but other than that's it's a good place. ", " Good job overall nice work environment fun job you get stock great pay plenty shifts options good hours overall best job I have ever had to date ", " for sure I can't imagine the good feeling for amazon and amazon family because  when they mix the work with fun to make the work easy and smooth and they were best team ever ", " Amazon is customer obsessed, which is drilled into their employees. However, there is no employee obsession. There is no work life balance for salaried employees. ", " Working at amazon was a very interesting experience for me. I loved my job and the people i worked with. It just wasn't the job for me. Its not a hard job at all. ", " Able to use initiative and prioritie workload . Work well in a team or on my own . Good eye for detail. Able to work under pressure.Able to follow instructions. ", " A typical day at work involves answering phone inquiries from customers where one is somewhat empowered to resolve issues on behalf of the customer. This is helpful. ", " I enjoyed working there, made new friends and learn new thing. The work place was good when I started, the people work hard, but is hard to say the same about management. ", " I enjoy what I do and I am learning how to operate and  utilize different machinery. I have a great home/work life balance. I look forward to learning more things in the near future. ", " Seems like the Lead personnel let their power get to their heads. At times work can be uncomfortable. Its like they know it all by now, That;s the type of management that i don't look myself working for. ", " I enjoy working at Amazon. However, I am having a tough time with the night shift, which runs from 6pm-4:30am. I am a wife, and mother of 3. I am one of the few odd ones, who enjoys all of the walking, and physical aspects of the job. ", " work before the sun is up to after the sun is down.. not enough time to eat, or rest not enough work stations for employees not enough personal communication between employees and management ", " One of the best jobs I've had the management work with me gave me multiple opportunities the pay was real good but overall Amazon got me healthier it made my cardio go up. ", " If you are looking for a fast paced and energetic environment, this is the place. This is a large organization. Some people come to do their job from 9-5 and go home. Some come for the incredible amounts of projects, opportunities to show they can rise to the top, so it can get competitive. You're now competing with so many other bright people. But in the end, it's one of the most friendly, fun, and down to earth places I've ever worked. From jeans and t-shirts to dresses and jogging pants to slacks. Basically, you can be yourself at all times. You can't tell from a top leader to an intern, as everyone is treated as equals. Last but not least, Amazon stocks are performing phenomenally! ", " I do not wish to share any personal experiences or conditions of the amazon warehouse work environment. I realize that accepting a warehouse position warrants warehouse work. ", " Working at Amazon is a hard going job but it pays well. Not a very good place to work if you do not drive though, buses can be a pain because there are limited buses to and from the Amazon warehouse. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This job was very fast pasted and very friendly . The work was easy and the people was nice . The benefits were great it was just the standing . ", " Peak season rewards amazon bucks to purchase merchandise .The standing is really ruff on your legs and feet. Be prepared for 10 hr shifts at all times not 8. ", " The full Amazon life is great. It is a hard working environment but well worth it. It is an opportunity to advance in the building and even in the company ", " Due to the nature of agency work that amazon employs for finding its employees, it is very hard to feel secure in your job. It is also easy to feel overworked and unmotivated in amazon unless you are good at self motivation. ", " The work kept me busy and content... The job was challenging as well as it also made me feel like I have a sense of direction. The bathrooms were questionable but, nonetheless I enjoyed working there at the Amazon fulfilment Center. ", " What I liked most about my 5 years working at Amazon was the people I got to work with. They offer great benefits. I literally had 30+ managers while I worked there which was hard on the long time associates as each new manager that came in tried to run things their way. Their expectations from an employee can be unrealistic and breaks are way too short. ", " Not a bad place to work, there are a lot of things going on a one time so its imperative that you keep your head on a swivel.  The 10 hour shift goes by pretty fast depending on what you are doing at the time.  From processing to indirect functions, it is a very cool place to work! ", " overall decent company to work at its clean and safe. amazon also has a repayment program for those who want to further their education earning a paycheck. ", " Very busy place and very productive.  I have learned how to work with many different types of people.  My co workers are very hard working. ", " I had a wonderful and learning time at Amazon. work is very tough and challenging but the manager and team was very professional. i learn a lot. ", " hardest part of the job would be being on feel all day long with short breaks. Huge location so rarely get to socially interact with same people ", " always busy very loud, good pay, can move up in department if you work hard, can also switch departments when a opening is available, It is a very good company to work for! ", " Called and emailed the customer filied papers made copy  boss was to easy going  the employees were very friendly and loved worked there ", " I work from home so I am able to have a very flexible schedule and I love that. I actually miss the face to face contact with customers but  my overall day is amazing. My management team is awesome and my virtual co-workers is amazing. The hardest part of my job is at times knowing that a customer wasn't able to get their package on time when they really needed if for a special occasion. I really enjoy helping the customers at the end of the day when I am able to help the customer smile by the end of the call I have done my job well. ", " I worked from home as a VCC Customer Associate Seasonal worker for Amazon for 4 months.This Seasonal position was supposed to be for 6 months. The training last 3 weeks which seems like forever with endless training and test that you have to pass each and every one before you are able move on to the next test. During training they informed everyone that the main thing that Amazon reviewed for you to get hired permanently was good attendance which I had perfect attendances. After training you start taking customers calls up to 100 calls per day none stop. The team leaders and managers would listened to each and every calls that you receive from each customer and at the end of each call a Survey is automatically sent to the customer; and though management can hear how hard you are trying to accommodate the customers needs, they still over look that and focus on the negative rating that you receive.  Which ratings are based mostly on what amazon's system allows you to do; and with that being said that can take up a lot of time to assist that customer. Timing is one of reason why associates would receive bad reviews; overall it's the delivery process that upsets them more than anything, completely understandable!  There wasn't a \"written\" warren, working at home or not; they can be issued through email, print, signed and scanned back to them. Amazon literally decides to let you go randomly, AFTER completing your long shift. This position was not \"Seasonal\" it was for whenever it was Bennifical to them; every week you would see new co-workers in your team room and everyone you started ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> with never returns. Safe to assume they were let go as well. After endless days of working 10/12 hour shifts and over time; not once did I call off sick, or even took a personal day (because that's what Amazon wanted to see.. dedicated workers) in which I was more than dedicated, after all of that I was still released! Even my manager state \"you are the perfect worker\" yet, never considered my work  ethics. I still made the best out of the experience and dealt with the daily angry customers, took the emotional stress for the sake of the company and in the end; the company had little regards for me. I wouldn't recommend working for this company! Save yourself the emotional abuse and the long days of being trapped in your own house. Can't even make time to go to the doctor if you were dying. Worse, worse experience I've ever had in my entire 20 years of customer service. Do not press send, back space and delete your application. ", " Good atmosphere but bad communication with different departments within the company. I enjoyed being around co workers and engaging in problem solving techniques to make work safer and more productive. ", " Amazon is not a horrible place to work, but management expect you to do more than what's required of you. The work although is fair and there is a rate required. ", " pros: often working with very smart people challenging yet rewarding developing new skills quickly  cons: at lower levels, often feel invisible depending on each team, it can be grueling ", " Working with Amazon is hard, because you standing for 10 hrs straight. There provided good benefit but at a cost. I love working for this company but the communication between employee and HR is the worse, it's very to get in contact with management or security. ", " Worked there for 3 years in all departments. Loved the job, loved the coworkers. Job got routine after a while, and its relatively difficult to get a promotion depending on who you are. But the environment is generally relaxed as long aas you can get your work done. They micromanage quite a bit which gets extremely annoying but you only work 4 days a week most of the time and the method for taking time off is the easiest of any job I've ever had. Overall, you get out of it what you put in. It's not meant to be a job that you stay at for the rest of your life unless you're one of the lucky ones to get that promotion. But if you use the tools that they offer you than you'll be just fine. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " well, you start off stretching so you dont hurt yourself while working on the concrete floor. I got on this job through a temp. agency so, they dont really value you enough to apprecciate your wok, thats just my opinion. Im not to sure on management, i wasnt there long enough to get to know anybody. Its hard to get to know your coworkers because of the envionment, everyone kind of has there own path to follow. the hardest part of the job is getting to and from break on time. Also you have to arrive to work like an hour early to be able to get a good spot in the parking lot. the most enjoyable part is clocking out for the day and going home. ", " Amazon is a great company. I like to work over there, I like what I was doing there. I was a packer, and I was doind receive. I use to work at ICQA which is a good department. ", " Benefits were good but did not look at your strong points or your concerns very unsafe place to work and very unclean. There were rates the same rates for everyone so 50 year old were compared to 20 year old ...not fair ", " This company is a very high paced company and you can obtain many overtime hours if you are a good worker. I enjoy working there and the customers are always a delight. ", " There is no messing around . Fast paced environment. the benefit are very good. Most managers are fair and are willing to work with you. Fun activities and give-away through out the year. ", " I am not much for being a stower, but I have been in receive for two years now and there is no where else I would rather be in the facility. Always busy, loing periods of stnding, constant easy going flow. Management is always changing. Managers come and go more than associates. Communication through facilities and others could always use work.Co-workers are typically always great people that become more like family. ", " This is a big company, but depending where you work, or your job title, thing could be different. I love the flexibility in scheduling. I get to set my own schedule. This is a physical work, regardless of your gender. Lots of lifting ", " Amazon.com fulfillment Center is an okay place to work. They work you like a dog with working long hours for minimal pay. The benefits of physically working there do not outweigh the costs associated with this type of manual labor. Amazon benefits are good for healthcare, time off, and having an annual picnic. The management always is new and don't necessarily know what they are doing, thats why there is a high turnover rate with management and other employees. ", " The hardest thing to get used to is all the walking but you do get used to it. It is a fast paced place to work but you can do the job if you work hard, The mangers are always available to you to talk to if you have any concerns.  The co-workers are a diverse group of people that all get along very well from what I have observed. Amazon Fullfillment Services is a great place to work if you can do the job. ", " It was to crowded, it was to many problems there. They didn't pay enough by the work we do.I didn't like how they treated us as in overtime is mandatory. Its never a set time. You go when there ready for you to go home. ", " packed trucks  sort packages  palletize packages make sure packages are in right locations make sure packages are not damage and have correct labels  loading two or more trucks at a time ", " As long as you can get on the schedule that works for you cant ask for more. The pay great. Benefits are awesome. People are great to work with. As long as u can maintain you rate there is no prolem. Mangement never harassed you breathe on your back. Peak season will wear on you with all the MANDATORY overtime. ", " the best part of this job was working from home as needed and meeting people and establishing a wide network of contacts. ", " I loved working for Amazon, because of the customer contact, good or negative, where you can turn a person's whole day around by finding a resolution for their issue. However, there is a push to be quick about finding that resolution, so the customer experience can be turned negative if you hurry with them. A lot of my customers were elderly and electronically-challenged, and they appreciated me taking the time with them to help fix or set up their products, or issue refunds for faulty products. ", " Working at amazon was great. The team was supportive and each team member helped another team member. The fun part was that I had the opportunity to learn about customer service culture and how to communicate with people. That built my confidence. ", " great place to work, wonderful people, have fun, overtime opportunities every week. pay rate very reasonable! co workers very friendly and helpful. If you need help all you have to do is ask. ", " Although this had brilliant pay there was just enough breaks and the hours that you have to do when working here are just out of control the hardest part of this job is the time limit you are set to get everything done ", " This place was all about walking miles and miles of warehouses. I had a bad knee so standing was just a nightmare let alone walking. They did give us breaks which were nice but unfortuantely for me it wasn't long enough for my feet to get used to the ridiculous amount of walking. I was also a seasonal worker who was told that I could become a permanent worker if I did a good job but later learned that no one who was seasonal was hired on to be permanent. ", " The only good thing about this job was the benefits that we received . the warehouse was unorganized, they could NEVER get orders correct. the management was lazy and unprofessional (customers were not first as stated) ", " This place is fun and an safe environment . The coworkers are nice, and they have good benefits. Working at this amazon is better than any other place I've worked , its an easy and stable place to work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I like working here, its fun and i like the fact that Amazon are flexible and have a relaxed approach to things. Non strict nature. 4 days  work and three days off.   They help to develop you and build you and pay for courses that you cant afford. ", " Working overnights at a new warehouse location proved interesting for me.  I was still attending school and trying to do good at both work and school.  Working the overnight hours proved to be too much for me.  I was liked and asked to be on safety committee. ", " Lots of running around. Hard to make rate. Messy. Work you 4 days 10 hours with 3 days off but your so exhausted you don't do anything but rest on your days off. ", " Taking in 80-150 calls a day was the typical day for all workers. All employees would first check into any promises made to customers and follow up with any results. While working for the company, it improved my ability to research in a limited amount of time. We were expected to learn the entire amazon system within the first 2 weeks of starting. The program given was huge and had a very specific way of finding the correct topic that you needed in order to help the current customer. My co-workers were very nice and would be more than willing to help me or anybody with any issues that they were having. The hardest part of the job would be making sure that everything was correct for the customer that we were assisting. The system was very huge and was very easy to get lost in it while looking at something for the customer. I enjoyed how professional the company was and how they handled everything. They treated their workers very fair and even closed the site in order to host an event for the workers. They also gave customer support power to almost do anything as long as we thought that it was fair. ", " My co-workers are great.  My immediate bosses are good to work with.  Upper management is not focused on the employees, only on numbers that will produce bonuses.  Safety is a buzz word that is not properly enforced.  The most difficult aspect is dealing with the lack of a mental challenge, very boring job.  Most enjoyable, the people I work with. ", " Overall it is a good company, there are just a few things they could change in the work place. I like to be able to interact with people through out the day instead of it just being me a computer and product stuck in my head. ", " People are out for themselves. Managers will write you up because they have a quota of write ups to meet. Injured back doing daily job tasks. Company refused responsibility and treatment. ", " This place of employment is not bad for those who are looking for a resume booster. There are my skills that can be learned within this organization. There is limited room for growth, and management is not up to par. Changes can be made. ", " My job at amazon was seasonal but within a short time I learned different positions. A typical day was long and you constantly had to move at a fast pace. Management made sure you were meeting quota with how many boxes you sent out and if the quality was perfect. Most co workers were helpful and friendly I made many friends their. The hardest part was keeping a steady high pace and standing for long periods of time. Enjoyable part was meeting a wide variety of people from all around the world. Also the pay was highly decent. Overall the job was worth it and wish I could have made it permanent. ", " The primary quality I gained from working in Amazon is major discipline, in regards to ; safety, quality and productivity.  Also The social atmosphere was good for boosting morale ", " Working at Amazon is nice in the beginning, they do take work very seriously. They have fun stuff in the break rooms like games and alot of food. Overall working was a seven. ", " generally a good place to work with ease of promotion. physically quite a bit more than your average job but not to difficult. process paths in every department are easy to use and fast to learn. hardest part would be just standing on your feet for ten hours straight doing the same motion over and over. ", " Working at Amazon Fulfillment is a good place to work if you want a full week of work in a short period of time. I would say it's hard on your feet unless you wear really good shoes. The co-workers are not bad. They need to work on management and work on a better way of communicating information about the work days. ", " Go in to work do stretches in a group to get ready to work. Get a cart start picking items. Learned how to use a pallet jack. The rate at which they make you work it to high. Move around was the best part of my time working there. ", " its definitely a great opportunity to advance. they give you experience. I learned a lot while I was here. If your union you have job security. if your not you don't. ", " Overall rating*  Job Work/Life Balance  Compensation/Benefits  Job Security/Advancement  Management  Job Culture it is a great job I like working there I likewhat I do I like my shift I like my bosses I like my co workers ", " Good company but must review management that is my only review, a part of that nice place to work good working time from 8:30 to 13:00 and from 14:00 to 17:30 two days off on weekends amazing! And outstanding team! ", " it suck, the pay is ok but the hours are long and they dont care about you . they want you to act like a robot and if you dont do what they say then its the boot for you. ", " I only remember 3 days in a year's time when I didn't desire to come to work here. The environment was supportive with a lot of freedom for innovation, and self-service training. You definitely have to be constantly on your A+ game to survive here, but the culture and benefits pay off if you do. ", " the hardest part of the job is standing in one spot but other thn that t is a very safe, and productive place to work.the most enjoyable part of working for Amazon was meeting new people. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " No room for advancement due to management poor organization of company standards.  company moral was and still is at a all time low , when i first started there i was in love with my job then all the changes happened and they started highering outside of company. ", " Amazon was an amazing company to work for. I lost my job because I lost my car and couldn't make it out to shepherdsville but had I not I would still be employed there today. They treated everyone wonderfully and were understanding in times of crisis. ", " Its hard work but good pay and benefits if you can walk all night up and down stairs about ten miles a day.then yeah its a good company mabe they can get a better layout to help downsize the walking and sit the bins up more so people don't have to bend as much. ", " Long work hours. Strenuous work days. Great coworkers. Great benefits. Nothing hard about it. I enjoy meeting different people ", " great pay short breaks, long hours, no time for any sleep if your on night shift. overall i enjoyed working there i met great people who made time go by faster especially since we cant have any music playing in the ware house. most enjoyable part of the day is finally going home after a long day at work. ", " Work a 10-11 hour shift at one station assigned for that day. Management would not listen to employee concerns or requests. Co-workers were very friendly and could help out to their limits. The hardest part of the job was knowing every move I made was being watched and tracked, feeling unvalued. Most enjoyable part would've been break time and have time to talk to co-workers. ", " I loved working for this company there is much room for advancement opportunity there are schooling options after being employed with the company for a year or more and many rewarding prizes given out daily to top performers. ", " Amazon was very fast paced.   There was always something to do and the management made it a very friendly work enviornment as well.  The pay was also very good ", " nice little part time job if your attending school or you work a night job. Fast paced work environment. Part time work hours plus you have the ability to pick up extra shifts if you would like to do so. ", " Great Place, Low income Follow all safety measures to assure everyone goes home in one piece.  Lots of fun through out the day to keep a positive feel. ", " I enjoyed the workplace very much I liked it there alot. I just couldn't stay working there because of alot of personal stress and family stress that effected my work habits and was taking a big toll on me. But other than that I enjoyed it very much I would go back. ", " packing boxes and shipping order out to customers  meeting quota being able to pack at least 1000 boxes per day as package handler ", " I was able to learn everything in my department in a short amount time. I was able to work with friends all the time. Management didn`t know how to handle things properly. They also played favorites. ", " Compensation is lacking and is sad due to the revenue made by this company.  Most positions are seasonal or temporary with a possibility of being hired as a permanent full-time employee with no guarantee after 6 months of work.  A company this size should know within 3 months if an employee would be a fit or not a fit.  Spends a lot of money recovering issues with shipments instead of resolving the direct issue of allowing customers the ability to choose what shipper they want to use.  This company got the shipping formulas wrong...if a customer is willing to pay for whatever shipper they want to use this company should not tell the customer they know better than the customer.  Adding a fleet of trucks will not resolve this issue. ", " Amazon is a good job have more departaments . I like so much piking maybe because i do 5 mounths and i know all what i need to do . Amazon i will not forgot never in my life . ", " Its a really nice place to work. Everyone works together to get the job done. Its a fast pace job which I am comfortable with. I like to keep to myself sometimes but I do work well with others. Usually im not there at work to make friends im there to work and stay focused. Im willing to be with a company for at least a year and somewhere down the road to go back to school. ", " This job was great other than me standing on my feet the whole 12hrs ...the people were nice, great food.  Great place too work... ", " Initally I liked working with Amazon because the treatment was equal and nobody was left out. After a while, favoritism set in, the slogan encourages the workers to have fun and we had absolutely no fun, just all about work and getting the best numbers. Have elderly people bust their backs and expect them to keep up with people 18-25yr age bracket which isn't fair and they would get written up or terminated for performance rate being too low. ", " Loved management, but not much upward mobility here. Great job for someone just looking for something temporary. The company does a lot of outsourcing, which is not good for anyone looking for full time opportunities. ", " good place to work, nice associates, wish they paid more. Lot of of walking and exercise. 10 hours 4 days a week is great. Hardest part is the heat "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " They employ nothing but kids fresh out of college to lead this billion dollar company it is very sad.  Never have i seen a more disorganized place to work.  The fact that there is not communication between the management is also a big dissapointment ", " A typical day at work was very hectic.learned to work under pressure.managent encouraged workers.multicultural behaviours around.runnings and workings ", " Its a really nice place to work. Everyone works together to get the job done. Its a fast pace job which I am comfortable with. I like to keep to myself sometimes but I do work well with others. Usually im not there at work to make friends im there to work and stay focused. Im willing to be with a company for at least a year and somewhere down the road to go back to school. ", " work on your own. you load up your van with packages you are assigned to and drop off the packages to the assigned customers . This job is paid by the route and not hourly. ", " Typical day at work: Walking 15 - 20 miles a day in this warehouse, picking items from several different mods. The requirement is picking 125 units per hour, but I average 172 picks per hour.   What I have learned: I have learned how to have endurance and accept any challenges that have come my way.   Management: I have worked at three different locations and have seen a high number of managers come and go. I've seen how each operated and I could do that job if given an opportunity.  My co-workers: The majority of my co-workers don't have the drive or desire to be the best they can be. There are a select few that like to challenge me in having the most picks throughout any given day.  The hardest part of my job: Maintaining endurance throughout a ten hour shift. Another challenge is working through the barriers when stowers are in the same mod as I am.  The most enjoyable part of the job: I make it a game to better myself throughout the day. I check the leader board throughout the day to see where I rank and give it my all. ", " Amazon provides a fun work environment. they allow you to grow with in the company between each department and learn new things. you can work extra hours if needed, and work with you when help is needed. ", " If you enjoy repetitive work then Amazon is for you. There isn't a lot of room to advance in the company I worked there for 3 months and applied to higher positions from day 1 and never got a interview. ", " Physically demanding high energy workplace with quick turnover of employees. Great for the few who can thrive in such an environment, but wearing for those who can't. ", " My typical day working at Amazon, I would have to say it was long, hard but worth the check if you really focus time flies, and the work is pretty fun.  What I learned working at Amazon is how to be quick with good work, and being able to get through long hours on my feet.  My opinion on management, I believe it was fair even if i was seasonal they gave good opportunities to those in need.  The hardest part of the job was trying to not miss a count you had to be really careful.   The most enjoyable part of the job was working knowing that it was something i can do and worth my time. ", " Amazon is a good to place work at. And the benefits are great with the type of work I was doing. Also they don't overwork you and hurry you up unless your going exponentially slow. ", " It was always a good place to be a worker there was always people willing to help you and to  support you no matter what they were always friendly ", " A typical day at work consisted of staying hydrated &amp; working a nine &amp; a half hour shift. I learned how to do item quality management &amp; item inventory with a scanner. I liked the experience. ", " Had a terrible experience working for amazon. I won't recommend to anyone. amazon doesn't care about you or your family. all they care about is making money. even when u are sick, u are still expected to meet targets. ", " first off the place was HUGE, secondly there is zero sitting everyone is standing even the area managers. which was brutal i went from sitting all day everyday to standing 10hrs a night 40hrs a weeks thursday-sunday.   i felt kinda cheated that i wasn't in the first wave of people brought in and got stuck with stowing which by the way sucks major butt because they cram RATE so hard down your throat you go home and you can taste RATE.   water spidering was a much better use of my time walking from one end to the other giving other stowers packages etc ", " It's a good job to make money. Though, the long, tedious hours of doing the same thing with little breaks gets to you. You need to have a strong mind to work there. ", " long hours, always working never have down time. Great place to keep busy. Work 10 hours a day for four days with three days off. Great place to meet new people and get along with men and women ", " I've worked here for about 8 months, for a part time job it is pretty good. The only downside is that in my building it isn't possible to become full time and picking up extra shifts isn't always possible. ", " Picker for amazon. ten hour shifts walking up and down the factory and isles. simplistic everyday objective to get a certain amount of picks. with patience and dedication objective was reached. ", " I have enjoyed learning about Amazon.com through supporting sellers and now helping test and launch a project within the company. There are many resources available and opportunities abound to improve and grow within the company. ", " Amazon is a great place to work if you are looking for stability in a work place. The management is really good at making everyone feel appreciated for what they do for Amazon. They also provide you with  simple ways to find help if you aren't getting grasping something. I enjoyed my time at Amazon and appreciate the way that I have grown since working there. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day can be alot of walking. I've learn how to get around a warehouse and use scanner .I have never really had a experience with management its so busy there doing peak. ", " There was never a dull or unproductive moment. It's a great place to meet new people. It is very fast pace and you have to keep up with their rate system. ", " Good place to work.  Difficult job because of the constant standing.  1 - 30 minute lunch and 2 - 15 minute breaks otherwise you are on your feet the rest of the time.  15 minute breaks include travel time to the break areas. 10.5 hour days - 4 days a week sounds good but it is really exhausting because of the standing.    otherwise good environment, good people, good benefits ", " I drive for flex.  The job is really fun and most of the time I get done with my route early, so I make more than $18/hr! The people in the warehouse are usually pretty cool.  Sometimes the app crashes, or freaks out on you during the route and you have to reload/empty cache. ", " When you first get to Amazon, you are very excited because, well, it's Amazon. But this place breaks you down over time. The grueling work/life balance is very striking. With so many disgruntled people in one place, it can be a tough environment. ", " Tedious, boring, dull, uninteresting, unexciting, wearisome, tiresome, repetitive, repetitious.. no consideration for work life balance.. Micro Management with a bully approach after initial training. It feels like you are owned ", " I worked there over the summer and it was fun. Most people were friendly and helped out other people. I picked items that were going to be shipped out. ", " Most of upper management tends to talk down to others and blame their mistakes on each other, it's high-school all over again and its tiring to deal with most of the time. The only real way to make this go from being a job to being a career is to just \"yes sir\" them all the time, even when they are wrong. Other then that its a job, not much else to it, no real challenge most of the time so the days go by slow. ", " This is a great place to work unless you have an injury. They have so many different types of paperwork for you to keep filling out, taking papers to the doctor to be filled out. Some doctors charge a fee to fill out the paper work. Then being out you cannot keep paying out to get the work filled out you will eventually start to look for another job. ", " My co-workers are great i met a lot of great people and i thank amazon for giving me that chance to meet these wonderful people. They PA's and managers are also great and they were very helpful and care a lot about their employees and their were being. ", " i was always on the move.  I learned to do paper work and I was sometimes in charge of my area because the manager was sometimes not there. Some of the groups of people were at times hard to understand and some of the questions were complicate to figure out what they were trying to say.  The hardest part was to figure out what station I was going to be at for the day.  The most enjoyable part was getting to know the new people who would be soon full time employees and seeing them improve on there skills with the different tasks. ", " does not give you long enough breaks. management sucks, they don't care about their employees. Amazon has okay pay but fantastic benefits. That is the only reason I stayed ", " great environment to work in I WOULD LOVE TO GO BACK. con was it was a seasonal position hopefully I can get back into the job and go full on hire. amazing experience ", " It was a independent job, meaning you needed to stay on yourself and work hard I enjoyed working there, You have to have quick thinking. They would have games every other week and we had great team meetings every Friday ", " Conducted training of associates to have safe operation and licensure of power industrial trucks.  Help associates with any problems or issues that they may have and teach associates how to move product into the pit lane and move them to correct staging location in a safe and a timely manner ", " I worked here for about 4 months and i probably got paid like 2 times. They constantly delay on paying you also you never know if you are for sure going to work that day until you get there. Also the management is not good at all. ", " Everyday was pretty much the same and simple. I've learned how to use scanners and work with inventory. Management and coworkers were all really friendly and fun. Easy to talk to when needed. There wasn't really anything hard for me because everything was self explanatory. Maybe just lifting anything over 30-40 lbs. The most enjoyable part about the job was making sure every order was correct and making the customers happy. ", " Great pay and benefits, if you can cope with poor management and cut throat teammates.  The work schedule is 4 days a week with 3 days off, 10 hour shifts, and mandatory overtime at least 1 time per month and regularly during peak.  The hardest part of the job was the upper management's lack of interpersonal skills and leadership.  Also  having to write associates up for minor infractions creates a hostile work environment.  The most enjoyable parts of the job were the pay, benefits, and paid time off. ", " Stay away from this company.  it's a horrible place to work.  They have one bathroom for 1200 employees to use.  When happens, is you're picking a mile away from the bathroom.  They do not like one to be off the scanner and what happens is you get written up for too much time of your scanner and 6 points your gone ", " I loaded trucks everyday, I learned a lot about amazon and how online shopping works. The managers were very helpful and always took time to listen. A lot of my co-workers were from different countries and I got to learn about different cultures from them. The hardest part is the physical labor. I enjoyed coming to work and getting my required task done "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Worst company ever. Two of my family members work at a fulfilment center in WA state and have been bullied since day one. I know these two are hard workers and the way they are threatened on the job and treated is sickening. One family member was hurt on the job and then was written up for low production rates! I hope they get their behinds  sued. ", " They put you under a lot of pressure to make a certain rate and if you don't make that rate they will write you up. If you have three write ups and you don't make rate the entire next week they will proceed with a termination. If you choose to work there stay on top of your manager about your quality and productivity rates so that you can perfect your rates. ", " They have great benefits. Its multiple departments you will be given an opportunity to partake in as long as you are up to the requirements to transfer between departments. ", " This place is a slave shack. They want work, work, work, and thats it. They dont are if your sick, have family issues, or you are on your death bed.. ", " The best job I've had  I would like to go back to Amazon. I like how my shift went. I've also did overtime there. I'm hoping they will accept me bal as a full time associate. ", " Awesome environment that encourages working hard and having fun while keeping focused on the ultimate goal of the business. I look forward to work. ", " i been experience skill for show up on time.. so i know how to do right thing on unloading from truck .. check make sure nothing damage on pallots. and do pallot jack and fork lift operate. check the code to make sure in computer . work there for 3 yrs and half.  so i really love my job there. friendly person. and teach them sign langauges because I'm hard of hearing / deaf. ", " i didn't work this job very much due to the fact that at that particular point in time i did not have stable transportation. But that problem is now fixed. ", " Much of the problem lies in that they write you up almost right off the bat. They want you to be able to identify which items do and do not go on the shelf, which is much more complex than the training describes. You get almost no hands on training until you have been written up a few times. The managers are very nice and helpful, its just the policy is very strict, and honestly, unrealistic. ", " Its an okay place to work.  Very stressful  managers play favorites and takes all the energy out of you  makes life very depressing  The people are rude warehouses are very dirty ", " I'm a good collaborator and amina said to do everything correct, talkative always at work , l love to be as correctly as gest no love and tin with justice always ", " Very fast paced, the managers made it a fun place to work.  The hardest part of the job was the long hours during the holidays.  There was so much traffic we had to have police to direct us in and out of the parking lot, so you had to leave an hour earlier than usual during the holidays. ", " Amazon do not care about their staff morale, work/life balance or health. Some of the roles require walking 10 miles a day (this was tested with a pedometer) while pushing and pulling a 200kg cart in a tower where the temperature get's so hot, it is common for people to feint. Then you have manager's who frequently shout at you for leaving your station 2 minutes early or talking with your friends. Also the 15 minutes break you get includes the 5 minute walk time to the locker room or canteen, so your actual break time while sitting down is 5 minutes. They also have compulsory overtime which can be 50-60 hours a week and they have holiday embargo's from Nov - Dec. All this for \u00a37.35 an hour. ", " Stay to yourself and try to remain professional. Most days you come in you have to clean up behind the shift before you its not always so bad but it can be overwhelming. There is a lot of drama and some employees get away with things you wouldn't expect, the job isn't hard its the people they allow to work around you thats hard, management is more worried with the numbers than with the employee. Job security is extremely unstable. ", " I learned to work fast, to organize and work alone effectively. Fast paced job. Employees work alone to complete time based order picking. ", " The project work assigned to me involved heavy application of algorithms and data structures, something I am really passionate about. My team was extremely helpful in ramping me up with the initial environment set up which can really be complex in a company like Amazon which has humungous dimensions of platforms and dependencies and can be overwhelming for a new employee. ", " Great place to work Learned to multitask and move faster Management was great Co-workers were amazing Hardest part of the job was the walking distances  I enjoyed everything about this job ", " The people you work with are the best part of Amazon. If you like being with your family during the holidays this is not the place to work because there is a lot of mandatory overtime around the holidays. ", " I like the variety of people. I've made so cool friends there. Hours are good. Especially during peak. yeah it's cool. The hardest part is probably the summers. It get really hot but we have water coolers. ", " I had a pleasant experience working at amazon. Management was easily aproachable and the pay was great. Only downside is having to be on your feet for 10 hours. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Decent place to work. Not much room for advancement. Better pay would be nice too of course. Pay only goes up a quarter every six months and it starts out a little low to begin with. ", " i would pick an item from the pod and put it in the specific box.  I would do that half the day.  Then I would got to tape and dunnage.  i would audit the box then put in the bubbles  and then tape it and send it to the pod .  Which would goto shipping ", " This job cared about your productivity and your rate. If you cant make the rate they will put you on the dock (loading tractor trailers) or let you go. They only tell you when you do something wrong. However, if you come into the job and truly try and give a good effort, they will work with you. I met some interesting and nice co-workers. Some of the management is very un-associative. Many need interpersonal and people skills. Lunch and breaks were, extremely, too short and rediculous. ", " A typical day at work is like any other, go in work then go home, pack the box send it down the line, Its always fun talking with other people, management is always nice to talk to and always help me with my problems ", " I worked there for 2 years and took the buyout. They have little events and play games sometimes that are fun but...Never have I been anywhere so micro-managed in my life. If you were breathing wrong, they dinged you for it. They set high rate goals and play favorites heavily. I was a favorite of my manager and got a lot of perks. I tried to work hard, but once they terminated that manager, I was sent back to packing from being a Lead. If you can suck up and don't mind a brown nose, you can make it there no problem. If you want a paycheck and that is it, you can do it. If you want to make a career, keep looking unless you have a MBA. ", " It is a fast pace fun place to work. As long as you can keep up you will have the best experience. They always have give always and fun things planned. ", " Being a Picker I would go around and collect items that are need to get ready to ship to the customer. The people that i worked with were all ready to help when needed, the hardest part was trying to keep up with the rate but i was able to manage it. I enjoyed being able to meet new people and to see what I accomplished in a days time. ", " wonderful place to work at good salary and multi cultural environment. wonderful co workers , from different countries. Great management which is concerned about the associates. ", " Please stop parenting associates. Many of them are a lot more intelligent than you think. You have a different position, not a higher position. Be humble. It looks better on you all. ", " AfricFarm market Limited is a food import business located in Saint Paul, Minnesota. I was responsible for making arrangement for merchandise overseas. I was also responsible to clear the merchandise from the U.S. Customs. Sometimes, I will helped with the distribution of the food products to our various warehouses and grocers nationwide in the US. ", " they had a cool lunch room with all kinds of snacks and tv's set to different channels to suit everyone on their breaks and lunches, everyone pretty much got along with everyone, but even in those times people didn't. everyone knew how to keep working and be positives. some the AM's were rude though. ", " I was working as a seasonal picker were I helped to pick the customers orders to get delivered in time for Christmas but also in a timely and effective manner. ", " A typical work day is picking a cart full of items and scanning each item to put in the correct shelves. The co-workers are from ages 18yo and up. I liked the management are the managers would work with everyone in the warehouse. ", " 90% of the jobs there are on the front line of jobs to be replaced by robots. Pay and compensation is exactly average by design. ", " A typical day at work would consist of receiving a scanner and going and finding the customers items then putting them on a trailer to ship. The most enjoyable part of the job was the music that they played ", " High demand, and high paced. Overall I enjoyed the work experience. But as far management and other things surrounding I would never recommend this job to anyone with these things in consideration. ", " A lot of physical work, a lot of management there don't care about the associate they don't speak when you pass by them meaning a lot of them are not friendly at all I don't see compassion at all. A lot of favoritism there. Only 2 managers I've found out that really cared that's what I experienced since I've been there more than 2 years now. some of Co-workers I have there are cool then there's some not friendly. ", " The workplace itself was very mechanical and organised. You rarely got a chance to speak to your workmates because you had to be working ALL the time, at double speed to reach your targets. The start of an average day was easy. We gathered around the crew board while the manager for the day read the days brief and expectations, nearly always told a joke which was a quick chuckle if anything else.  The first two hours are easy, time flies past in those first 2 hours. The next two hours also go by extremely quickly. Next is lunch. So I've heard from my workmates the food they serve at the cafeteria is nice. It doesn't look appetising though. I always brought a packed lunch. After you are done with lunch you then have to survive a gruelling 3 and a half hours which always go painfully slowly. The last 2 and a half hours are a piece of cake.  In my opinion the worst part of the job is mandatory overtime. Even though in my time working there I only got put on one shift of mandatory overtime, I really hated it.  I would say there was a best part of the job itself but there wasn't. The best part for me personally was going home on Friday. ", " management always changing never involving experienced maintenance before making changes managers can not perform your job inexperienced co-workers no accountability for associates ", " Having to work at amazon was an interesting work environment since there were multiple sections of the building that had different roles and there was always something to do. Giving the fact that I had a single station to work with, there were days where I was positioned somewhere else making the days that I work non-repeative. Always something new to learn and grow I would suggest this type of job to new employees that would call this place  their first job to understand the quality of productivity. The reason why I recommend this is because over time if they stay there long enough from 1 to 5 years they already have their benefits and advancement of growth an experience. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Worked for the company for over 16 years.  The company culture has changed significantly over the last 10 years.  Expectations are no longer realistic and leaders are now lying to save their jobs.  Associates are viewed as machines and are not of interest to the organization.  Yes, you are compensated very nicely, but can you go home and look at yourself in the mirror and know you acted with integrity. ", " I am friendly and helpful information about job and happy every time to work so I recognize work goods and keep safety job and experience more jobs.                          Thank you ", " Horrible job.. the pay is terrible, the expected rates are ridiculous and the management is nonexistent. I would certainly not recommend this job to anyone. ", " One of the worst places I have ever worked. The favoritism is an ongoing issue with the PA's and Managemen. They just turn a blind eye to it because they are too busy on Facebook and socializing with other employees. Seniority means nothing to them because they will promote someone (brownnoser)  that's only been there a year or less over someone that has years with the company. The environment reminds me high school with the constant gossiping and backstabbing that occurs and the lack of respect associates have for each other. The warehouse is filthy and the bathrooms are always a mess mostly due to bad bathroom etiquette from employees. Breaks are entirely too short and they count walking time as part of your break. And make sure you don't go over the allowed time for using the bathroom or you may have to cover it with personal time.  DONT WORK HERE!!! YOU WILL HATE IT! ", " The above caption explains it all. I did not mind working 10-11 HR shifts but the breaks were ridiculously short and the management sucks bad. The way that company treats their employees is sad because we are the backbone ....   I won't recommend to work there. These billion dollar companies don't care about us regular associates .... it's the small businesses that care about their employees. ", " Ok place to work. Hours aren't all that good but it isn't ok. A lot standing is required and counting.  10 hours shifts. 15 minute break and 30 minute lunch. ", " Working here is not what I expected. There is no encouragement for the work that is done.  I spend 10 hours packing boxes. My co-workers are friendly and helpful. Management could do a better job of encouraging their employees. Hardest part of the job would be standing on your feet for 9 1\\2 of those 10 hours. Most enjoyable part of the job is being able to sit down for lunch and take a break. ", " The employees are worked to death with faulty equipment and harassed about 'making rate' but nothing is done about people cherry-picking carts, blocking aisles, putting items in wrong areas, stacking items in a dangerous manner, etc.  Managers are mostly college students or recent college graduates who have very little real world experience and just repeat what they have been told; they seem to be incapable of dealing with or disciplining employees when its necessary; if you are injured you are sent to the onsite first aid room &amp; given aspirin (if anything) and either sent back to work or sent home unless there is a constant stream of blood --  several coworkers were sent home with 'sore' hands/arms/feet/etc and told a few days later that something was broken or badly cracked. Team building/employee appreciation is a half night off (not by choice, so half shift of no pay) to go to a company picnic at the ballpark but there is no actual game. You were allowed to  use the batting cages until dusk when they started an animated movie because half the people still had to go to work after the movie. ", " Work from home an 8 hr shift   Opportunity for flex hours, overtime, shift swap  Typical day is to answer and solve customer issues with delivery, payment methods, product availability, delivery addresses.  Customers contact us by phone, email and chat.  We have teams and work on projects other than customer service:   Updating information resources Newsletter for department Team Names  Fun activities for team and department ", " nice people clean work environment friendly management. long commute big facility not able to transfer to other locations. stand in one spot for more than an hour at a time. wish I could listen to music. ", " At the start of every day you must stretch, but the job is not very laborious. Water is always available. Management isn't too focused on each individual's progress unless they are impeding other people's work. ", " For the most part Amazon is a great place to work for. The pay and benefits are good but there is hardly any work. There is a 4 day work week and you get 40 hour weeks, but there is no work coming in. and you stand around for 10 hours every day doing nothing, waiting for work that isn't coming. The managers are also rude and avoid contact with their employees at all costs. ", " Expectations are set too high. Not enough support from management. No recognition for accomplishments. Physically and mentally draining. ", " Dive deep the potential problem sources for reverse logistic network from customer to logistic parters to processing facilities is like a doctor detecting the source of virus and improving the efficiency of the whole process to reduce the operation cost in fixed and variable cost. ", " their modo \"work hard have fun\" stocked break room with plasticware , microwaves, refrigerators, T.V. Xbox, corn hole, basketball hoop this break room even has gatorade and a fountain machine (free) great environment. Safety is their number one priority. ", " It's a fun place to work if you like to work in a fast paced environment. You get paid time off an paid vacations. You get good health and dental insurance 4O1K ", " the job was very clean and straight cut.  i had no problems with it.  the most fluid job i ever worked at.  but not ideal for me to be standing and packing boxes all day 5 times a week.  although they allowed me a lot of over time so i was happy about that. ", " Very likeable work environment that focuses on teamwork and speed, allows for a lot of communication with coworkers, Management is very approachable and a very family lilke environment ", " Amazon, is a decent company to work for. There isn't really any opportunity for advancement though. I would recommend this job to someone just starting out of high school. ", " Enjoyed the work environment. Met our needs as a temporary, well paying job.  They also paid for our RV site and utilities.  Required long hours (holiday season) to meet demand. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Great Customer Service Skills  Team oriented  Motivation skills  Desire to learn and trained Willingness to take responsibility   Flexibility  Dependability \uf076Positive work ", " It was a great company to work for. I was in charge of all customer service, answering phones, and making appointments. We always worked together as a team and always got the job done. ", " there is its pros and its cons the customer service expectation is awesome and there is plenty of room for growth within the company ", " A good place to work, good benefits, great incentives for performance. the hardest part of the job is getting use to standing for 10 sometimes 11 hours a day. ", " Worked for Amazon at their Mississauga warehouse, Mill Creek avenue. SMX - Staff Management is their in house employment agency. Extremely rude and arrogant people from both SMX staff managemt and Amazon. No respect or manners or courtesy. Its back breaking and knee breaking job. You basically work and are treated like a slave in there. They also assume you are a thief so they check you non stop with metal detectors every time you go i and out. You are shouted at and harassed at every opportunity. Very high turnover, people come and go, so they are constantly in need of people. Unhappy and disgruntled workers everywhere. Close to 90 % are immigrants, most of them are New to the country, so its easy to exploit them. Very few White people work here. Ministry of labour needs to investigate this place. You will have a mental or physical breakdown if you work here more than a month. Picking, Packing, Stocking, Shipping, Receiving doesn't matter where you work, its brutal. Your whole body will hurt and break down at the end of the day. The pay is NOT good either for the amount of slave work you do. Half an hour lunch break is actually only 20 mins, when you have to walk through the long warehouse and security detectors. You are monitored each and every second. Its like a JAIL in there. You will be USED left, right and centre at this place. You will lose your self respect and dignity after working here. A mind numbing, soul crushing, physically and mentally hard job for a LOW pay. Shame on you AMAZON and SMX- Staff Management. ", " A good place to work if you are ambitious and don't mind working long hours.  Amazon is a young company that is certainly going somewhere.  I have enjoyed my time at Amazon. ", " This job is all about getting out inventory as fast as possible. Too many strict policies, regulations and guideline to follow. I don't even care to work for this job ever again. ", " Amazon does not care about their employees only their numbers. Everyday you are doomed as soon as you walk in that door. You are constantly harrased by management to make rates and if you don't you get written up. Not a career position. Amazon sets employees up for failure. ", " The hardest part was getting into work the parking lot was too far away from work place. The pay was good and communication with others and learned about packing and the machines. ", " A typical day at work goes good. I mind my business , get everything done that i need to do. The hardest part about my job is wrapping pallets but i got it down now. and my co-workers are cool and fun to be around and very helpful. ", " Job environment is very hectic leadership appears to indifferent to suggestion that maybe an improvement Work load is very flexible one day you work extra time the next day hours are cut ", " Treat you like slaves.  10 hour shifts very hard on feet When there is no work they had me sweep, empty garbage, pick up paper from the floors, tape flooring around waste cans and carts Too much stress on targets Lifting of heavy products  Had my hair tied up but was asked to tie it up more, while long time employees go unnoticed Double standards Don't work here... you'll regret it! ", " you clock in and do your job then you go home simple and easy. but the work load can be overwhelming.  also when going through temp they can let you go at any time. ", " Amazon definitely has very rigorous work standards for some, but the indirect jobs are a lot more casual, making everyone yearn for those jobs. Amazon has very flexible schedules and even provide unpaid time off along with the normal paid time off. Communication between management can sometimes be nonexistent. ", " I love working here but one thing they can improve on is more flexible hours, they could definitely improve on more flexibility with healthcare benefits ", " I really enjoyed working at Amazon the people are grea ,you make a lot of friends and management showed a lot of favoritism throughout the year I was there but it happens. Overall a nice environment to work. ", " Working for amazon is good. I work well with co-workers, management is okay at times. I learned a lot for working at amazon that I take to another job and work hard there as well. ", " You have to work hard to move up here at Amazon and may take longer than most people realize but everybody is very friendly which makes the job worthwhile. ", " A nice place to work there. Lot of things to learn. Every day is different so you have to be prepaid to deal with the work and to satisfy our customers. ", " The temp company at the time was very questionable, however, Amazon itself is a fine company. Its great for work experience and fast money. While I didn't have the best time at this company I did however enjoyed being able to afford christmas of 2015. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Good team spirit. Working in a team it was rewarding and as everybody got along with each other and encouraged each other there were never any problems. ", " they had a cool lunch room with all kinds of snacks and tv's set to different channels to suit everyone on their breaks and lunches, everyone pretty much got along with everyone, but even in those times people didn't. everyone knew how to keep working and be positives. some the AM's were rude though. ", " never will work here again. staff are rude. breaks are a joke. systeme dosent work. targets are impossible. ok if you live local. nightmare if you dont ", " My typical day at work  I come in talk to management and my co-workers get my assignment's and begin to unload the trucks. the hardest part is getting the all of the trucks that are signed in unloaded and back out on time. ", " Amazon is a fun easy job with great pay and benefits.  A typical day is usually smooth with plenty of work and the fact that they will work around your school schedule and pay for a good portion of a selected career is awesome! ", " Wish the pay was higher but overall the workplace is great. Managment needs work as they only hire new people to management they seem to stray from exsperiance ", " Stay away from this company.  it's a horrible place to work.  They have one bathroom for 1200 employees to use.  When happens, is you're picking a mile away from the bathroom.  They do not like one to be off the scanner and what happens is you get written up for too much time of your scanner and 6 points your gone ", " constrictive , stupid rules , boring work  environment ,  I would stand in one spot for 12 hours .  Nobody ever  talked because everyone had to be at such a fast pace and doing the work at such a constant rate ", " nice environment for the job its real a good experience working in amazon. Everyone is friendly there. leaders were loyal and honest  there was a proper care for the employees. ", " I've had multiple problems with the human resource associates here, I've been terminated and reinstated twice for me being on a LOA for my military duties, but in their minds and computers I've never been on a LOA since I started working her back in January. My management loves to pick favorites and there is no room for advancement due to it. Not the one to complain but it's a little ridiculous if you ask me. I have not received my promised raise of $.25 an hour on my six month anniversary and I've been here eight months. This job is just about money in everybody else's pockets but the ones who bust their backs like modern day slaves. Anybody in this building would agree 100%. ", " Great company-I enjoyed working from home and they learning tutorials were amazing I hope everyone has the opportunity to work for Amazon Call Center. ", " Great place too work, Friendly people and a great environment too be in. Keeping busy is no problem in Amazon with the amount of orders we get daily.. ", " Typical work day consisted of clocking in looking at designated work area to find out where I will be working then moving boxes to designated area relatively comfortable fast-paced work area ", " The building has just reached a year and more to come. Definitely a handful of those with some really good energy. Get the building flowing and everyone with the right attitude of getting the job done things can be very productive. ", " -You definitely want to apply between July or August -the pay is good -a great second job -shifts can range from 10am-2pm, 3:00pm-7pm, 7pm-11pm, and 4:00am-8:00am ", " A typical night meet at stand up area answer safety questions talk about the night volume . Learned new things when you move to different areas of the warehouse. Learned how use pallet jack ", " The job is disorganized. I hurt my ankle there and the made me come in the next day. They do not care about their workers. All of the supervisors are extremely rude. ", " i been experience skill for show up on time.. so i know how to do right thing on unloading from truck .. check make sure nothing damage on pallots. and do pallot jack and fork lift operate. check the code to make sure in computer . work there for 3 yrs and half.  so i really love my job there. friendly person. and teach them sign langauges because I'm hard of hearing / deaf. ", " freindly enviornment 3 breaks constantly working managers supervisors and staff really seem to care learn how to operate cp pallet jacks amazon system hardestpart is standing on your feet everything else can be easy ", " a typical day was fun and fast i learned good leadership skills management was good co-workers were good people the hardest part of the job was hitting the quota daily the most enjoyable part of the job was the items you will deal with every day . "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The management team is young and inexperienced. They don't listen to the employees for the most part. The company is very unorganized. The hours are long and standing for 11 hours 5 days a week is doing mandatory overtime is A ok with them. ", " Easy going job. Management sucks. You just go to get paid that's it. They over work you during peak season but then write you up for the littlest of all reasons after December. ", " Remit includes day to day duties in a busy distribution centre, moving stock around manually and area readiness. Also, required to hit strict daily targets with significant attention to detail to avoid mistakes. ", " My experience with Amazon was not a good one first their location was bad I would have to drive 45 minutes just to get to work and then on top of that Amazon writes people up for any minor infraction. ", " Go place to work for. A learning experience great benefits able to find out about what this provide for you. A enjoying place to work for. And great employee ", " Best Security company ISA through which I worked in amazon. It was good job where I can work and study together. Nearest job to my house. Miss that place already. ", " They alienate older workers. They cater to young people. The old are treated inappropriately. They have a bunny ranch in the bathroom. You do get a water bottle with amazon and a thanksgiving dinner from boston market. ", " The turn over rate is high due to seasonal employees but I was able to interact and meet a lot of people and learn different job functions. ", " Each day at work is interesting. I try to keep my mind and co workers around me mentally motivated. Standing for ten hours can get rough, but that's why I appreciate the motivating leaders that help boost my energy. Everyone tries to learn and make the next associate's day better with a friendly convo. I most enjoyable part of the day is to hear positive feedback on my performance from my manager. On the other hand, some days I am in slight pain from standing in one spot during long hours. ", " Management is horrible they never have their stuff together. Ops managers run employees off with their nasty attitudes. The system has to many requirements when you get wrote up or warnings. ", " I absolutely loved working here, probably my favorite job by far. My day consisted of taking inbound calls from customers to help with account information and shipping issues-all from home! My supervisors were the best and very helpful. Even from across the country they were just a click away! The hardest part of the job was my schedule and adjusting to Pacific time restrictions in East Coast time. The best part was the group chat where your team can chat during your shift so any help you need or words of encouragement are right there! ", " Fun friendly environment with great benefits and career choice options. Competitve pay. Work was fun and challenging. Wolud have never quit if it wasnt too far from my praying place ", " Work was hard and management was constantly reminding us to keep up the pace or our places could be taken. Long days but okay pay, work wasn't bad. The days passed quickly. ", " Its a photo job but not very creative, but the money can be alright if you really need work immediately. High production required along with High pressure. ", " You can never get a hold of HR, the company is about NUMBERS NUMBERS NUMBERS. If you are not in management, this company will work you down to the bone. You do not have a secure job even after the season, I would not recommend this job to anyone. ", " Fantastic place to work great culture always learn something new.... There are great benefits, Stock options, Career Choice Programs, Internal Learning, Great  Team and Management always looking for the opinion of the workers. Great Place to Grow and Learn. ", " I loved working at Amazon. I was constantly on the move and enjoyed the job's environment in general. The management was great. ", " When working at amzon you have to be on your toes it's a fast pace environment but they make it safe and fun really enjoyd working with my team at Amazon. ", " This was the first factory job I've worked at supervising. Very fast paced and stressful at all times. I enjoyed my position but did not enjoy the way management treated all of their employees. No one took the time to learn any of our names and treated us like work horses and not people. ", " Just sometimes hectic and unorganized a lot of not knowing what's going on more focused on getting product out vs quality of product no real system in place for advancement hours are hectic with no as much work during peak times "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The hardest part was getting into work the parking lot was too far away from work place. The pay was good and communication with others and learned about packing and the machines. ", " The work isnt too hard, pick an item and repeat. No music what so ever. Its insane how quick they want you to go though, stay away unless you can walk 15+ miles a day ", " Nice job. Good pay. Friendly staff. Nice work tempertures. Nice benefits. Oppurtunities for advancement. Extra money. ", " i enjoyed the pay at this job but company treats you like you are easily replaceable. either your fast or you don't have a job. great way to get extra cash during the holidays but don't expect full time position ", " A typical work day for me is starting off with, clocking in. I would come in 5 minutes before my shift and clock in. Then i would check the board to see what my function was and/or lane i'm on. We would walk half way across the facility to \"Stand Up\". This was a pre-shift meeting. After that we would go to where we were assigned. Then we scan packages in until we hit the number we are supposed to hit. Example, if they say we have to scan in 50,000 packages, we have a total of 5 hours to do so. If not finished after 5 hours, we go home and the next shift has to finish it. I learned team buildings three different roles, and to always be safe. The hardest part of job would be keeping a constant work flow on a slow day. Some days, the work is so slow and you have to find work to do. Most of the things you could think like: fixing pallets, base wrapping, cap wrapping, and staging pallets. The most enjoyable to part of the job was working with my team mates. I met some really cool and very nice people while working there. ", " I would show up, wait for the bell to ring, go to my station, pack boxes, eat \"lunch\" at 11:30 pm, and return to my station to pack more boxes. ", " Great job, fun environment, needs better pay and better benefits. Make the schedules more flexible with people's life and improve management. ", " During peak season you will be expected to work 12 hours a day 6 days a week. Very strict atmosphere. 30 min lunch, two 15 min  break for a 11 hour shift. ", " I started off working in Receiving when I was first hired.  Because of the holiday season, they kept moving people around, including me, in different positions with little or no instructions or directions.  My advice: apply when Amazon is not in peak schedule (October-December) ", " We are full service automotive facility with multiple locations and tons of growth potential. We are a sales driven business that has succeeded with good... ", " I do not choose to discuss any pertinent details regarding my tenure at amazon. You can tell by my ratings what aspects were acceptable and what was not. ", " I really hate this job.... One of the worst jobs ive ever worked in my life Many just stay beacuse they have bills to pay and they think they are making goood money... Its a waste of time ", " money was okay hours but the hours were long. would still go back though cause the money made it worth the time. the job itself felt very mind numbing ", " I enjoyed working for Amazon they are a amazing company in general and to work for. I really had a experience, the fast pace work always kept you busy which made the 10 hours shifts not seam so strenuous. ", " If you dont mind mindless work, this job is for you. As long as you work hard and meet your production rate you will accel at this place ", " So far so good I enjoy my position  at Amazon  it's very busy and productive the staff is extremely nice an everyone is a team player ", " Working at Amazon was a great and wonderful  experience. I had fun, made history, and met new friends. Amazon is a wonderful place to work in. The men and women who work there are indeed fantastic! Such hard working people! ", " Very busy during the holidays. On the regular days it's slow and hard to stay busy. The benefits are really good. Pay is okay depending on how many hours you work. ", " At amazon, you will load and unload trucks, drive a forklift, returns, fill orders and lift boxes. The hardest part of this job is long days on your feet. ", " all the time you have to be concentrated on the situation , to be able to delivery all the parcel on time, and this i enjoy at this job "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Working at Amazon for almost two years or so it is a very fast pace and fun job to work with at first if your coming in as a temp or as a full time worker, the benefits they give you as an associate are fair, good co-workers comes with any department you go in and the most enjoyable part about the job is getting it done and moving on to the next job. The hardest part about the job is that is communicating through HR for personal reasons, it is short shift and for question you would have to go up to the building or wait an extended amount of time just for them to get back at you. ", " It is hard to figure out who to approach when running into problems. I worked at the fulfillment center in Robbinsville, NJ as a packer and picker.  Packing was simple as it is self explanatory but picking was frustrating.  When computers failed and you couldn't continue without someone resetting your terminal you are stuck non productive and it is not always relayed properly to your supervisor why your performance isn't average. ", " I only worked one season as amazon's picker and the first few nights were actually quite fun. I enjoyed the somewhat friendly environment between shifts. We're required to do stretching exercises before starting our 12+ hour shifts. The pay is very nice, but that's about it for PROs. You're assigned two 15 minute breaks every 4 hours of constant moving around and you're spending most of that just walking back to the break room from your post. To make matters worse if you are even one second late, you're instantly written up before crossing through the security line. Though you get paid for those 15 minute \"breaks\", you only get a 30 minute lunch unpaid and with the insane work load you're putting yourself though, that's hardly enough time to refresh before finishing the rest of your shift. Myself and many others complained about this to the management and none of cared at all. Their job is basically to stand/sit around for the entire time hounding at others for either not being fast enough or not at all. They just don't get it. I believe in hard work, but there's only so much a person can do running on 5 to 7 hours of sleep. Employees at Walmart get treated better than this! ", " Very good job, always kept busy and dealing with new problems everyday.  Day consists of emailing the courier manager to help them establish any potential problems, help drivers find locations, communicate with customers so that all their needs are met.  I have gained a lot more knowledge on excel and other computer programs, but although a supervisor there is very very little to supervise which can be frustrating.  The majority of the management are very easy to work with and are very relaxed/on the same wave length. The team in general are brilliant very good to work along with.  Hardest part of the job is the constant complaining from drivers about things we have no power over.  When I started the opportunities to progress where excellent, actually one of the main reasons I took the role instead of other offers. That being said like anything else the goal posts where moved and everything we where told during the recruitment process was lies. ", " Amazon is an ok place to work. They pretty good pay, with great benefits. There some good incentives as well. However, Amazon cares more about numbers then they do their associates. ", " they have you running like race horses and if you don't beat there favorites you will get fired. plus the mangers don't solve problems because they don't know what to do ", " Management is horrible. Co-workers in other depts are horrible. People will refuse transfers and will argue with you about the transfer even though the policy states they must take it.  There's too many people that have a \"I\" complex. Majority of depts are outsourced overseas so you can't move to that dept. You must have good metrics to transition from seasonal and metrics do count against you. The metric rating system is horrible and needs to be removed or upgraded. Retail employees are piled with more responsibility, but no increase in pay. They recently made changes to lessen the list dept responsibility and increase retail responsibility. Amazon is an okay place to start or get back in the workforce, but don't stay past the seasonal position if you can help it.  You have no paid time off, no sick leave, and you can only get insurance after 90 days. Seasonal employees are basically \"seasonal labor with no benefits\" you have unpaid time off that's it. ", " It was quite a diverse work place where many different people with completely different personalities could come together. For some it was a stepping stone before something else for others it was gainful employment. The hours were long and at insane times of the day, well rather at night and early morning. Days off would fall on days you would not want them to fall on since in the week you couldnt spend it with anyone. The work was beautiful at some times at others it was satans butt hole and made you want to crawl under your desk and die or even kill someone. However the experience was enough for me, for as long as it lasted and it is not something I regret doing. ", " Taking in 80-150 calls a day was the typical day for all workers. All employees would first check into any promises made to customers and follow up with any results. While working for the company, it improved my ability to research in a limited amount of time. We were expected to learn the entire amazon system within the first 2 weeks of starting. The program given was huge and had a very specific way of finding the correct topic that you needed in order to help the current customer. My co-workers were very nice and would be more than willing to help me or anybody with any issues that they were having. The hardest part of the job would be making sure that everything was correct for the customer that we were assisting. The system was very huge and was very easy to get lost in it while looking at something for the customer. I enjoyed how professional the company was and how they handled everything. They treated their workers very fair and even closed the site in order to host an event for the workers. They also gave customer support power to almost do anything as long as we thought that it was fair. ", " Amazon is a wonderful place to work at. Amazon made sure we under stood the work that we were doing before Amazon let us do it own our own. Amazon made sure if we had a question about our responsibility, that some one was easy to find. And they always had contests and events for us to participate in! ", " Manual  hard labor. Very demanding but I made good money .The hours were long .Nice team , great management.Nice promotions and great holiday pay..... ", " I have worked for amazon for 18 months on the PM shift.   A typical day at work would be first find out how the Morning had gone if all vehicles have left for there delivers on time then read all email's to start the working day and then problem solve.  I have learned a great deal working with word and excel and pivot tables and dealing with our customers and delivery drivers.  management are relaxed and helpful.  the hardest part of my job is making sure the customers are happy with their deliveries, in a customer obsession workplace .  the most enjoyable part of my job is getting it right with our customers and helping them to get their  product to them quickly and on time.  I have great work colleagues and we do try and have fun at work while looking after our customers needs. ", " I thouroughly enjoyed the short time spent at Amazon. Unfortunately in my case, I had to resign die to personal reasons. Overall a good experience at Amazon. ", " I spent two months with Amazon as a full-time associate. Let me start by saying this: Amazon is a great company. They offer an exceptional benefits/compensation package for the type of work you will be doing, and the warehouse is air-conditioned. You also manage your own time off. You will not find an pleasant warehouse/packing company to work for anywhere.  Those are the pros.  Let's start with hours. When I got hired, I was told it was usually 40 hours a week, with voluntary overtime offered and rare mandatory overtime. That wasn't true. Expect to work 11-12 hour days, with no more than 45 minutes total for break (including lunch). You are timed.  Next is training. The training is substandard. They will tell you that there is a learning curve; that you have 4 weeks to get up to the rate that they expect. That is also untrue. Their two day training program doesn't do much to prepare you on the job difficulties, equipment issues are abundant, and team leads/managers are never close by. Every time you need to find someone to help you, your rate takes a nosedive. You can be written up as early as your second week for failing to meet productivity/quality goals. And their rates are high, expect to bust your tail and go home sore every day. It's not easy by any means.  Third is job security. Out of the 30-40 people I got hired with, around 6 or 7 made it past a month. A few quit because it was too physically hard, but most were pushed out by Amazon for failing to meet their quality/productivity standards. They are not kidding about that part at all, and its why they have ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> to do mass hires every two weeks.   I personally made it four weeks before my first write up. My fifth week, they skipped my second write up and went to my final. The first day of my sixth week, I was terminated after 3 hours. Why? I made 4 errors out of 1000 items received. Four.   It's a great company, offers a lot of benefits, but its difficult to keep your job. ", " The job hours were reasonable. Overtime was always available. I was working through a temporary agency so benefits were not provided. The pay was not decent. ", " Enjoyed the exercise and the people who helped get me thru the day. Kind of miss the environment but had better jobs that were calling me for interview ", " It's a warehouse. They hire and fire people daily. They give great benefits and we work long hard strenuous hours. There is lots of opportunity for advancement. ", " It's not the best place  but for a first job it's a good place to be the people there are respectable  enough I do also recommend Amazon as a first job ", " A typical day would start with stretches and lead into hours spent counting and assuring product quality and quantity within the warehouse. Perhaps not the most exiting job, but with a plethora of interesting coworkers and fun events the company puts together. ", " Overall Amazon is okay. They work you to death and the hours suck but you have a stable, well somewhat stable, job. If you're like me with many kids it's hard to balance the job with family obligations. I worked night so it was hard to balance dr appointments, school functions with 10 hr shifts with so many hours for time off. Oh and don't get me started on the rates!! Quality or Rate! Can't have both!! "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Straight into orientation the staff was already talking about adult toys and how people would take them to the bathroom use them then restock them. Every new person that addressed us on orientation talked non stop about adult toys and telling stories. Strike 1 for me. Strike 2 was when we had our maybe 3 hours of training he talked about adult toys non stop plus cussed. Strike 3 is when I ask my trainer a question he said  its not rocket science so I left. And don't order from them and let then blame any damage on the carrier that stuff is stocked damaged and crammed in there You will have no family life. ", " Amazon was a great paying job, and the atmosphere of the coworkers I had was amazing. However I was not really given a notice that I would be laid off. ", " One of the best companies I have had the experience to work with. Very professional in all that they do, safety is very important in the workplace and Amazon is all about safety. ", " Have acquired problem solving skills and pit operato experience. Busy faced paced environment where you are constantly moving lifting, bending, standing and working hard ", " I hated working here, it was a horrible company to work for. In this company your nothing but a number that can easily be replaced. No one is safe here and it's unfortunate . ", " Worked here during summer break. The first 3 weeks is fine, but the work takes a toll on your back. I worked here for 6 weeks. The job was easy. ", " -Dedicated to the success and growth of employees. -Everyday is a learning experience.  -Leads are easy to talk to. -Everyone is there to support you. ", " A typical work day involved each person being assign to a team which was responsible for removing boxing from a moving belt and building six feet pallets. ", " Amazon is a very demanding job. Its hard to keep up and had a lot of inside politics. It's a good place to make money because you get paid weekly. ", " Friendly place to work. Lots of laughs and a good time. Great environment to work in. Awesome staff. Great benefits. One of my favorite jobs i have worked at. ", " Amazon offers much but they expect more.   You work four ten hour days but keep in mind they can call overtime anytime 24 hours before  the last day of your shift.    Management is so-so like most companies you hand the good and the bad and sometimes the ugly.  They will help you quit if you want they will pay up front for schooling. ", " The people at this location are amazing and very helpful. The atmosphere is great and as long as you come to work and not socialize the day goes by fairly smoothly. ", " Lack of a positive team culture, with a lack of a sense in job security. Poor feedback from management in what job advancements there are and support to achieve them. ", " it was hard work. but you will get used to it. i broke a record this weak season. the management was really cool. a lot of friendly people work there. ", " It's a fun place to work at exciment alive. There's always overtime can use your pto or vacation time right away. You will lose weight just by working here. ", " Really fast place to work, always on your toes, very organized work place and very busy. The environment was a positive working place and also enjoyed my duties. ", " So much incentives and lots of variety of positions. The managers aren't that great but they can improve. Also being thru the agency isn't so secure. ", " It is a good place to develop yourself further and realize your dream by following Amazon leadership culture. Though every day is erratic if you work in Amazon. Fast-paced, fierce competition make you push yourself every day. ", " A typical day at Amazon has you walking into this giant place where you are offered free wifi, a living room much like your own, ping pong, pool tables, shuffle board, outdoor track, tennis court, free coffee, tea, popcorn. You work hard to get through the day.  I'm still learning and looking to learn more.  Management is wonderful and so encouraging.  Co-workers are awesome and at times a bit eccentric.  The hardest part of the job is listening to people whine about a problem that is their own fault then they blame Amazon for it. The most enjoyable part of the job is making someone smile or laugh during a bad time. ", " did not like the treatment and the way I was disrespected on a daily basis the expectations were raised far too often without being given the tools to achieve. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I found my experience at Amazon to be a team effort workplace, very friendly and helpful associates that I've ever came across in any job. Anytime I had an issue with anything, the managers were always around and willing to help and resolve a problem in a fashionable manner. ", " Great place to work, but has a high turnover rate. I loved the fast pace environment and all the staff. This is not a job that is very long term, but the pay is very good ", " The whole Amazon facility works smoothly. The only problem I had with this job was that it was overnight. The management has a good way of keeping people inspired to keep working and to have ideas on how to make the process work smoother and faster. ", " Don't give false hope &amp; promise of promotion after giving a raise to turn around &amp; fire people. They tell you to work hard &amp; they will promote you. Promote you out the door! ", " I worked 10 hours days,4 days a week.And always was willing to work overtime.I learned new ways of doing things while working there.The management is wonderful,and approachable.We worked as a team to get the job done,and we were rewarded for it.The hardest part of the job is standing on your feet all day.The most enjoyable part is getting along with such wonderful co-workers,especially with all the fun games they let us be involved in. ", " I like the system over there.  Helpful team.  Helpful management.  They care about the safety.  Co worker are nice. I learned a lot from my job. I like it when the management thank us for our work and get us dounts. ", " I recently quit working with Amazon and had many reasons for leaving. I had a difficult commute which was the primary factor in my departure. During my time there, my leadership team was always vigilant in making things better for our associates and our customers. I have had the opportunity to work with some really great people and the culture and internal advancement opportunity was great. The majority of my managers were really wonderful people that worked hard to support me and help me develop in my career. ", " Day starts at 0650 and ended typically no later than 1700, depending on the package count and route given. I learned about the delivery buisness. The management was overall friendly and were easy to talk to and work for. My co-workers were all nice and easy to work with. The hardest part of the job was a few of the routes, but got used to them after a few times of going on them.The mot enjoyable part was being able to be mostly independent while out on a route. ", " it was fun at first but then changes began to occur and then it became too strict and overwhelming. it i cool working with my coworkers because they work hard and have fun ", " Allows extra income while working from the comfort of your own home.  Training for this job is extensive as if it pays much more but only a 10 dollar an hour job but the plus side is you don't have to pay for gas on commute. ", " for money its good but its hard to work with amazon because they have productivity system and it can't be my future. Can't work with amazon more than two years. ", " Open and close. Make food orders for patience and visitors. Get things ready for the next day. Worked every other weekend which I liked because I had a weekend to myself ", " Fun job just standing up for 10 hours can be tough ! I enjoyed my time there and the people I worked with. Good job for both women and men and the pay isn't so bad either! ", " Work week would be four ten hour work days with four days off. During peak season, work would start earlier and with mandatory OT days. Work-life balance is very challenging. Physically demanding, may walk up to five miles a day depending on your pace. Work with a variety of interesting people. Managers are willing to help you and work with problems. Breaks would often be to short, and with way to many people in the break rooms. Overall job is consistent, yet repetitive. ", " Be prepared to be on your feet 10 hours a day  if you work hard , show up to work, and don't go negative UPT or don't get written up,your sure to move up in management.   management can be good or bad depends on the person   co-workers are usually nice some workers are good some are lazy.  the hardest part is just having to be on your feet and probably keeping up with production.  the most enjoyable is the perks they have bbq's, panics, chances to win Seahawk tickets ,etc.. ", " Grate partime job big competition. It hard to get of hold of ani one when ever you ned help or have cuestiins al they do is email yuo generate email. ", " Working for Amazon was a enjoyable experience. They provide good work experience where you have a chance to grow and move up in the company. Walking for 10hr. was painful but it was well worth it. ", " I can not imagine a worse workplace than a Amazon Fulfillment center in the civilized world. The management on the floor are inexperienced 20 somethings, some of which have no previous job experience yet are managing adults. The job culture is Dog-Eat-Dog, compete with your co-worker and be treated like a grunt in a military style command structure. When you do your best it's not good enough, it is the baseline for doing it even harder. Managers who use derision and insult to motivate.   A job culture based on using the desperate and squeezing them dry because there is always another person more desperate for a job. Work there if you want, but leave your humanity and self respect at the door.  When you get through the door it's like boarding an airplane. You go through the exact same TSA security screening as you would at an airport. NO KIDDING!   Finally, forget about having loved ones contact you if there is an emergency. No phones, not even pagers allowed. You're not allowed away from your work area and are severely penalized if you may be more than 1 minute late returning to your work area during breaks. And the break rooms are easily 3-5 minutes away from where you get assigned. ", " They are long days, with short breaks. I learned a lot about the warehouse business. I enjoy the people that I work with, and the different tasks that I have learned. I enjoy staying busy and being active. It seems like we never really had stable managment, just people who did put on a vest and told us what to do, but don't know how to correctly do their job, or knowing the knowledge that needs to be known to lead a team. I enjoyed that they play music to make our day a little easier so we don't get stuck with the thoughts in our head after knowing the routine everyday. The hardest part about my job is getting called mandatory overtime with only 24 hours notice. People have already made plans. ", " a fun place to work. i learned a lot from the rf scanners. the management was decent. co-workers were great and er friendly. the hardest part was the constant standing. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Come into work happy leave very unhappy and wanting to quit. I learned that if you need help good like because no one is around to help. Some managers were great other weren't helpful and didn't solve any problems. Hardest part was not knowing the volume for the day and not knowing when you'd get done. I enjoyed the breaks and the parties we had. ", " It is a fine to work on a 10 hour shift in warehouse environment servicing internal customer with Co-workers attitude vary from day to day. ", " The company has taken a lot of flack recently but its not that much different than any other tech company. You'll put in some long hours but it is also very rewarding. ", " pretty hectic on a typical work day, met a lot of people and made a few lasting friendships, learned how to work hard, learned to be punctual and the company is a stickler for rules(lateness, absenteeism and rule breakage are severely punished), management was tough with workers , and the company is a stickler for meeting goals ", " Really its a simple job just scanning and putting items away until it's time to go :) and only bad part is leaving because everyone just on the interstate and speeds home! ", " Working at Amazon is a hard going job but it pays well. Not a very good place to work if you do not drive though, buses can be a pain because there are limited buses to and from the Amazon warehouse. ", " Bad experience overall. Its all about the management and making themselves look good overall. Employees dont matter. ", " My typical day at work consist of unloading trucks and verifying the trucks that come in into our computer system.Sometimes having to call drivers or their carriers directly to find out if they are going to make their appointment times. learning how Logistics in our business works is very interesting and sometimes complicated but i enjoy the challenge. I enjoy the people that i work with on a daily basis. ", " Overall a decent place to work. You spend 10+ hours a day on your feet. Generous benefits. They tend to hire outside the company for management positions to people that have NO work experience. ", " Everyday I come in, set up my scanner, grab a cart full of merchandise, and stack merchandise on shelves. Its really fast-pace, you make friends real fast, and productivity is a real fact. What I learned was stowing, packing items, picking out merchandise to be sent out to shipping, ICQA, bin consolidation, recieve items to put stowed away on shelves.The hardest part on my job was working 50 sometimes 55 hours a week but I put my best effort to pull through the day. My most enjoyable part of the day is seeing friends, asking how their day was, becoming social and communitive. ", " Work week was comprised of four ten hour work days with three days off. During the holiday seasons normal work days increase varying based on demand between five to six days with twelve hour shifts. Physically the job was very demanding. ", " I love the job. Keeps me busy &amp; pays well.  They treat you fairly at the job. They're very professional.  They keep you safe &amp; they don't like drama. Just come in to get things done &amp; keep the costumers happy ", " Good place to work during the holidays great money get treated with respect it's just the parking is crazy during peek season. ", " If you kiss butt a lot can move up. If you call out managers on their wrong doing you get targeted to be fired. Positions are all political. Will get passed over if not correct gender or race.Do not care if you are a veteran that has many skills or management experience. They want workers that keep mouth shut do as thier told and make metrics. ", " It was a good job I made good money but I didn't see myself working there in the long run. It was fun for the time being and I met some nice people but I knew I wanted something better. ", " Not much to say here. 10-15 hour shifts, mandatory weekend availability and great pay.  A plus side is you don't have to worry about a coworker \"slowing you down\" since you are left alone to delivery your packages for the most part.   Heavy lifting long hours so not for the faint of heart. ", " The job is very demanding but it's hours. Starting early and getting off late. It does get frustrating with the package count and finding businesses. Overall the job is consistent. ", " i enjoyed the pay at this job but company treats you like you are easily replaceable. either your fast or you don't have a job. great way to get extra cash during the holidays but don't expect full time position ", " this is a very grueling job not for the faint of heart, the hours were mandatory 11 hours days 5 days. The job was for the Christmas season rush which lasted 1 month. 5000 people were hired and most of them were laid off at the end of December. ", " Not a bad place to work installed air conditioners so it was a little better temperature wise from when I first started. Managers willing to help you and work with problems. Great people to work with and work together to reach goals. Health insurance was better than most places.Time off was easy to get for dates you want for vacations. Over all one of the best places I have worked. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Your constantly busy working in a fast pace environment. Always meeting new people and learning new departments. the benefits are very good. but work hours and all the overtime can make it very tiering at times. you must be motivated to work here ", " Amazon is not a carrier lots of work with low pay workers mean nothing to them they are machines when it comes to your health they don't care they will found a way to fire you no matter how good you are employee there are numbers all is matter is production management are young and have no clue with what they doing same to the Hr '''' work hard have fun make history ''''' you will never have fun long hours doing same thing over and over you will be lucky if you can drive back home . they make you work for money don't work unless you are in really need . you get two brake of 15 min and 30 min lunch that you waste half of them walking to the breakroom ", " Great company to work for, takes a lot of adjustment, I worked long hard hours in a non climate controlled environment. Great pay, hardest part were the long hours and very short breaks and very far distance from home. ", " A typical day at work for me would be a medium to heavy flow of work,dealig with order assiting custormers good and bad. i make my work fun with my coworkers laughing joking,but imoprtantly getting my job done efficantly. I also believe in working smarter not harder to avoid less mistakes and confusion. The most important thing i take from a job when i leave/or move on is aspect and the promise to do better and than i previously did ", " I really enjoyed working at Amazon  Although the only thing I had problems with was commuting there  But the management is great and the staff are friendly and nice ", " Work was fast paced every day and everybody was up tempo with all their work. There was really not much communication with other co workers other than lunch and the breaks and occasionally in passing while doing your work. You had your few managers that were sociallable but others I feel were thrown into their position and lacked communication skills and overall management skills. Not really a hard job but to me it was the people that made it less fun to be at. ", " Fun place to work, management needs to be better. Many of them lack experience in the field. Overall it was a good place to work. ", " Amazon isn't a totally terrible place to work...as long as you're willing to insistently do the same thing over and over and over. It isn't back breaking or really physically challenging, just a fast paced, frenetic grind. Benefits are fairly decent and cheap, and you also get bi-weekly increments of paid personal time, vacation and restricted stocks after 2 years, so that helps. Just not worth it to me. ", " There is nothing but drama, drama, drama, backstabbing at this place i mean you have a CEO who is the 3rd richest man in the united states and we work for pennies! Ive been employed almost 5 years and just this week got a 75 cent raise so i make 13.75, but new employees starting are making 11.50 to 12.00 and they just started, does anyone see a problem with that? We have a very big turn over especially MANAGEMENT most of the are kids and dont have a clue! AMAZON cares about its customers, but as far as its employees they dont care how much time we are away from our familes, terrible attendance policy, try to limit our time to go on a BATHROOM BREAK! They claim they do so much for us, we work for everything we are entitled to like our stocks we are given but we have to pay the taxes on them, so basically we are paying for them twice we have to work for them then pay the taxes on them. Our HR department is a joke they are not nice and hateful! You ask a ? And you will get 20 different answers, or i dont know i will have to get back to you ( weeks later) ", " typical day was very busy and sometimes frustrating, I learned that I liked that kind of warehouse work, management was alright I guess cause I was hired in as holiday help so I didn't have to deal with the stuff that the full timers did, some of the coworkers were alright but the holiday help they brought in from all over  and some of those coworkers were rather uncomfortable to be around(scary), hardest part of job was just working with those coworkers that was brought in from  other places, enjoyable part was the type of job and getn a pay check ", " A lot of hard work for no recognition and a lot of drama. probably would not go back. would not recommend. worked long hard hours for no recognition ", " The workplace was fun I came in everyday and there was always a different experience. With mangers that are very kind and understanding. ", " Amazon has a great work environment, which is one of the few benefits of working there. At first, I really enjoyed my time at amazon, as I spent a year working at an Amazon Fulfillment center.  Unfortunately by the end of the year I was really starting to hate my job and eventually decided it was best to quit and move on considering how competitive it got.  Pros: -Great Work Environment -As long as you are a friendly individual, the managers are fantastic and very supportive for the most part.  -The benefits can be a plus depending -Most coworkers I found to be a joy to work with and kept in touch with them after leaving -Amazon is a huge brand and would look good on any resume -mandatory rates weed out people who don't pull their weight.   Cons:  -starting wage in the fulfillment center is only $14 an hour which is extremely low considering you're expected to make extremely high rates which are constantly being pushed up and your wage stays the same.  It's also low because they require you to get trained as a pit driver.  The thing is the average wage for a pit/forklift driver where I live is 16-17$ an hour, so the wage does not match the level of performance they expect from you.  -with any fulfillment center having 200+ employees, it can be extremely difficult to move anywhere in the company unless you compete with everyone's rates consistently.  This alone is extremely tiring and is again, not worth $14 an hour. -Shifts are 10 hours which wouldn't be a bad thing if their expectations weren't so high. -Mandatory overtime, especially during the holidays is extremely ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> exhausting and time consuming as they sometimes require you to work 3-4 weeks straight working 50 hours a week.  -Holidays for amazon and prime week are a complete mess since every employee has to work on those days and half the time, the workload is just too much to handle. And still the wage is $14 an hour.  -The rates are too high for any job positioned at.  everyone gets counted per item or action they do on an hourly basis and if you don't meet the rates too much, you'll be fired. Sometimes, you have to run just to keep up with everyone else. ", " Amazon for compensation is lacking, they should be paying a living wage ($15.50 hr or better ) to all their associates. they require a 4 day week/ 10 hour day minimum ", " Good place to work, fast paced, people are great, challenging environment.  I have enjoyed my time so far.  Work life balance has been incredible. ", " Great company like it a lot good money management runs smoothly you mostly work by yourself when you a driver an I like working at my own pace so I can finish early than expected . ", " Working at Amazon has been one of the hardest jobs for me because it is a very fast paced work and very repetitive. We are Working for 10 hours with small breaks and hard to talk to anyone since it is a fast paced job. ", " not one of the best places to work for unless you don't mind working everyday from 8am to 9pm as they'll give you the most parcels they can with the worst delivery route ever.I worked 3 days with them but never again as they're not very helpful at all when a problem does arise not to mention these robbers didn't pay me either ", " My team within the team was what made working at Amazon palpable.  The pay is great especially with all the over time that would be required, however.....  The overtime will take you away from your family if you have one, if you are a family person.  Amazon is a corporation, if you are unwilling to work they will ship you out and a new one in.  There is no personal attachment there, only with the people you call a team. ", " No loyalty of company .told I never make it permanent because I have disabled wife and needed time off actually told by one boss why couldn't my disabled wife get to a hospital appointment  by her self .after 4 yrs of working there as temp found out was being laid by a colleague. Management to gutless to tell me .laid of because they decided out of the blue no temp could be there longer than nine months. No matter that I was in the top 5 per cent of the best pickers in the company for the last 3 mounths .found it very odd that people who were not British would be made perm in the first few mounths of being there .i can prove everything I said here "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It Was Long &amp; Tiring Sometimes , But It Was Something I Like Doing. Your Legs Would Hurt &amp; Your Feet Would Hurt , Other Than That I Was Fine. The Hardest Part Of The Job Was Getting From Place To Place At The Same Rate The Whole Time . ", " Loved working there, management was an issue at times due to they would hire people with degrees who had no knowledge of the job for leadership roles so when a question was brought up even though the leader had been there for months wouldn't know how to handle it. but friendly environment  and all round great place to work. ", " work as part of team sorting, picking, packing, scanning and loading items for delivery in a very fast. the work is challenging but fun ", " I found it to be a very good place to work and I enjoyed it. The people that I worked with were great. I was kept busy which I like. I had varying tasks to do, which I like as well. ", " The hiring process was the best part. No stressful interview and no waiting for weeks on edge worrying if you have a job or not. All you have to do is show up to scheduled appointments that you arrange online. Same thing with the actual work. Just show up and work to the best of your ability and it's a breeze, BUT they expect you to be on your feet for 10 1/2 hours and never get tired. The building is hot and by the time you use the bathroom or get to the break room it's time to turn around and get back to work. You don't have any REAL time to enjoy breaks. The majority of people there are friendly and helpful which plays a major part in making the day easier. The coffee and water are free and the vending machines have good lunch choices for fair prices. Maybe if the pay was higher(which is still good for warehouse work) and breaks were longer I could recommend this being a career. Those are the main downfalls. ", " I loved my environment for the simple fact I got to work alone; they offer great benefits for you and your family and they are flexible with your schedule. ", " I enjoyed working for Amazon they are a amazing company in general and to work for. I really had a experience, the fast pace work always kept you busy which made the 10 hours shifts not seam so strenuous. ", " I work a typical full time sift, which I was able to select my work hours. I learned how to be more empathetic. I worked a seasonal position and my management changed 4 times while I was there and everyone kind of had different policies on handling situations, so it became a little confusing. My co-workers were awesome, they were always ready and willing to give a helping hand. The hardest part of my job was probably working on not being so blunt/direct with customers when it came to different issues. The most enjoyable part of the job was solving customers problems and sending them in a better mood in which they arrived. ", " training was hard to understand as the tutors didn't speak English well and couldn't completely understand the questions asked ", " productive great place to work love the hours,very very clean enviroment human resources very helpful to the employees and their concerns.lots of friends. ", " I really enjoyed having this job. it's one of those job that i understood how to do. Its was too bad that it was only temporary. I got along with a everyone there. We all worked like a team. If someone needed help there were always people to help out, even if they were busy. This job made me realize that there are some good jobs out there ", " A typical day at work is rush, rush, rush. It feels like there is never enough time to finish an e-mail before you are bombarded by oblivious or angry callers. The time metrics are nearly impossible to achieve for brand new employees but you are still held to the same standard as those people who've been there for 10 years.  There is SO MUCH to know and you have very little time to know it all.If you don't know it all you'll be put on a chopping block. I did learned a little bit about how to handle angry, oblivious, or inconsolable individuals over the phone and in the office....in the office. Management is OK but they seem very distant from the employees and the reality of what we were actually doing. It was kind of irritating. About the coworkers...You will meet some pretty amazing people but you will also meet equally unamazing people. More of the latter. The hardest part of working this job will be juggling your metrics and consideration for the seller. It's definitely not easy but I don't think it was intended to be. Bezos wants to weed out regulars and pay the amazing people with hard dog turds as a reward. The health insurance and OT are great so if you can handle top tier stress about if you will have your job next month or out on the streets, this is the job for you. ", " I like to be a driver and why I hired driver at the pizzeria I worked a year and I liked it I quit from pizza because I got to be too tired of program I worked for one am 12 hours a day 6 days a week and that's why I wanted to I'm looking for another job ", " was a beautiful experience working on amazon I felt good convenient work schedule unfortunately I had to quit because of an unexpected holiday I worked two months too soon to receive holiday It was my first job in England and I was very pleased ", " A good company to work at in general. Loved getting to know new people and learning about the online retail  e-commerce industry.   I also liked the experiences of speaking and chatting with Americans They are very friendly in general.  The hardest part of the job was speaking to folks on the eastern side as they always challenging. ", " It was a lot of people very speedy work mangers were a pain and your feet will hurt so bad ,I wouldn't want that to be anyones first job nor would I want to stay there for long periods of times ", " There's a lot of people in control, &amp; not enough of them taking orders. Regular associates are fun to be around though. The HR team is super helpful, &amp; security is great. ", " Long hard hours   Learned how to work at a good paste to get the job done   The management was great   Coworkers help each other   The hardest part was only the overstuffed products  I enjoyed everything about the job ", " A very stable job with excellent compensation and benefits. However, poor communication from management and nothing management says is promised. Also, there is NO work life balance. Amazon will become your life. ", " Its good job to see different area and people every day. But in down town, its hard job because of traffic and parking problems. Management and co-workers are good and always helping. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Working for Amazon is a stressful job if you cannot keep up with their rates then you are terminated in the middle of the night I was on disability and was terminated at almost the end of my shift I worked from 6:30 to 5 I was terminated at 3 o'clock in the morning for not making rate ", " hardest part of the job was standing at work station for 10.5 hours everyday, and didn't get to choose own shift and wasn't easy getting a shift change ", " Amazon is one of the best company out here and during the four years I worked there, It was a wonderful experience and they taught me how to work with people from different background without trouble, the most enjoyable part of the job is that they care about their workers well being and they have a good benefits like 401k,health,dental and e.t.c ", " The best thing about this work place is the Benefits they are affordable and very good. The hours are just really long. Wish they had eight hour shifts. ", " They treat their employees fairly. Excellent benefits. Good bosses. Reasonable pay and schedule. Fair and profitable. ", " I would like to work with AMAZON it sounds like a good job and I'd be interested in a amazon job in Columbia mo. They do a lot of profiting and warehouse stuff and I am experienced in warehousing and inventory as things get sold you have to go into your inventory and subtract how many you have that day the item gets sold to be put in the box and figure out what needs to be ordered in stock in warehouse for amazon sales to have there stocks back in that the orders you had ran out of and then handler needs to put the address on the box to mail it to the person receiving the item and  then you send to the buyer a simple question : -Was the iteam in good condition like u wanted it - was the box to big or small  - was the shipping and handprint the way you wanted it - then you ask them to sent a note in with what how many starts and then you receive your profits of that money that comes from the sale you just had . I use amazon to buy stuff every once in a blue moon I haven't lately being I'm trying to look for a job to provide for my 7 month old daughter. ", " A Honestly Hard days work, But very rewarding when you think of all the kids and adults alike that will have a great big smile on their faces when they receive their products!! ", " This job made me sweat so much that i ate more to compensate. Due to this i gained around 20 lbs and i was forced to resign due to health issues. ", " Morning stretches are always a must because of all the walking and standing you will do through out the day. You will then start receiving orders on the scanners that you have to get, scan the item the place in the bin. ", " I was able to further my customer service skills, but did not like to stay in one spot for the duration of my shift.  The management is inconsistent, everything depends on who you work under.  Co-workers were pleasant and cordial.  The hardest part of the job was dealing with the stress of Sellers who did not want to learn and work within the system.    It was enjoyable when I was able to speak with a Seller who was open to learning the process and allowed me to fix the issue. ", " It was beneficially great. I got paid well and lots of hours. It was a simply done job that took me to many places and allowed me to drive different types of vehicles. I enjoyed it very much. ", " you have to work under pressure, you have time limits, your progress have been checked and you must avoid errors. If you do errors 2 weeks in a row they just release you, no matter if you are at training. The hardest part at receiving dept is that you stand still 10 hours without moving at all (except breaks). Free drinks and free parking. Close to train station. ", " A very busy shift, the time goes by so fast because you are constantly working. alot of standing and lifting but its cool place to work at friendly environment ", " I love working for this company even thou the position was seasonal makes it a short team assignment. You get to meet great people and even have customers that you can help over the phone. The best part about this job is that you work from home and get you do not have to deal with traffic and you can even work in your pajamas lol. I learned so much from this company especially how to deal with situations with customers and how to multi-task in different challenges that you face. ", " Amazon was a stressful job., but a fun place to work. Pay was comparable, benefits were good. I worked from home as part of the virtual call center. THe hours were difficult, however a shift differential was given. ", " very busy helping out lots of happy customers.learn different types of jobs when needed.management is disorganized and coworkers are friendly.hardest part of job is standing in one place most of the day. making customers happy is exciting,\\. ", " 50 Work weeks. Good Pay everything pretty much was smooth if you know how to do your job. simple as loading ttruck and delivering packages on time. good job ", " Its an interesting work environment to be in. You do learn a lot in this job and you work with a lot of different people. Management isn't so great depending what department you are in. The job is very physical and at times it is hard to move up because of how things are ran. ", " It feels like you are working as a slave. If you are a picker they require such a high rate that mainly requires you to literally run up and down the isles. They don't take into consideration the pick paths that you are on that can easily cause you to not make rate. Its either their way or you are fired. Your two 15min breaks are not considered as that because by the time you get down stairs and get through the metal detectors you have wasted over half of your break. Good place to meet new people though and develop new friendships but the overall experience is a bunch of mess. ", " fast pace workplace with the satisfaction of fulfilling a costumers order. in this company there is always room to participate in different fun and uplifting activities. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Let me say right off the bat, this company was AMAZING! gave great benefits and very well put together, I guess my only thing is that the management team was horrible, and they let anyone be a manager. they didn't work with you on balancing out schedules. However they did pay for schooling if you were going into programs that they used for their company. ", " I enjoy working at amazon, I especially enjoy doing quality control and working with great co-workers. I have become used to working 10 hour days and I enjoy the challenge. ", " Awesome workplace ..The experience was funny, enjoyed working in the Amazon environment ..People are friendly..I can't really say anything  negative about Amazon ", " It's a very easy job. Easy way to make extra money. Very hot environment, during the summer especially. Management can often get overwhelmed however they do try their best to get things done and usually succeed! Coworkers and Free cold water all shift long makes the job most enjoyable ! ", " I learned to have more patience and to go with the flow of each day. The management there was capable I didn't always understand the methods but accepted they way it was being done and most were helpful. The hardest part of the job was the toll it took on ones body physically. I enjoyed making friends and the friendly environment. They seemed to have activities for associates to do during break and the incentives were pretty nice too. ", " a typical day at amazon , is very fast paced everything you do you have to move with a purpose if your not used to being on your feet a good pair of sneakers is a must you from my experienced my co workers were very helpful if I had any issues. so was my management team ", " if you need a job this is the place to go not a place you want to get comfortable. I worked there for about 8m and couldn't wait to get out of there just didn't like long hours ", " Fun and tiring at the same time. You are on your feet 12 hours a day. You are not only working in one area of the building, you're constantly moving around and grabbing customer's orders that is listed on the scanner. It is a fast paced environment because you are timed. The hardest part of the job is trying to grab the items before the time runs out because you have to dig through different bins and find that specified item. Sometimes the item isn't there so you would have to miss it out and scan every single item in the bin. My coworkers and management were very helpful. They both provide support along with tips and feedback to help you out. The most enjoyable part was being able to work alone. ", " A typical day at work would start off stretching and discussing our goals for the current day and week. Than it'd be consisting working and moving for a whole 10 hours. I learned many skills such as sorting, inventory checking, reading numbers and packaging all in a fast pace. The management was great and the co-workers were just all amazing people. The hardest part of the job was maintaining the rate I am suppose to be at for the whole 10 hours. The most enjoyable part of the job was learning new skills and teaching new hires how to do their duties. ", " There's always something to do at Amazon and always someone willing to help you out. It's a fun environment to work in, but management could be better. ", " Amazon.com has been a highly motivated and fun place to work at. All employees were always positive and willing to go the extra mile. As an employee you were always excited to get to work and start your shift. ", " You have to meet performance goal everyday. Love that it's a 4/10 shift job. They offer lots of OT, which is great! They offer benefits after 1 month, which is great. ", " good people nice manger good place to work easy work little money always work hard , always they say thank you and always you gonna learn a new skills ", " Not enough hours are available.  Have to stay attached to your phone if you want to maybe get hours. Ok if you only need 4hrs a week to survive. ", " just another warehouse job, hot during the summer, and cold during the winter. cool people though, supervisors arent too happy to be friends ", " It's helps give you more insight with warehouse experience. I would subject this job to anyone that likes a well rounded work field and that likes dealing with just employees. ", " Amazon is a great place to work. The people there are wonderful to work with. There was great latitude in solving customer issues. ", " You learn your job but there are so many chances to learn different jobs in other departments. All the higher ups are super nice, it's like a big family and they genuinely care about you and your safety more than anything. ", " Amazon is a good company to work for. the pay at the lower levels for employees is kind of low for high cost areas such as San Diego or New York City. Great culture though- they would keep more lower level and mid level management with higher compensation. ", " Nearly Impossible to keep up with the rate they kept wanting faster and faster rate times mine kept moving down instead of up. I had a broken foot that healed back wrong which was my doing. they won't work with you it is pick at these rates or you are Fired. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Typical work week was four, ten hour a days (changed to Five 11 hour days during peak)  As a picker we would have a start up twice a shift before our shift started and after lunch.  This is where different managers would tell us about our goals for the day and any other information regarding safety or events going on.  Once start up was over we would go on our way to a designated spot we received through our handheld.  The handheld would tell us where to go what to pick and in the time frame we needed to pick it.  Once we picked the item we then put it in a tote on our cart.  Once the tote was full we put the whole tote on a conveyor belt for shipment. The hardest part of the job is the length of the shift it require walking, standing, bending, climbing stairs for the entire shift under a strict deadline.  The enjoyable part of the job was you were always moving so it made time go by fast.  Also management gave out prizes daily for top pickers, attendance, staying for whole shift.  Co workers were all great to get along with everyone sticks to themselves and does his/her own work. ", " My work day consist of opening the store getting the salad bar open, changing labels, doing all you're waitress duty's  the hardest part is trying to make everyone happy. the most enjoyable part is the customers.  my co-workers are awesome we are all like a family there. ", " my day of work their was always something new such as learning something new or moving on up. The hardest thing about my job was running back and forth from place to place. ", " I really liked working here the hours were long but the money was worth it. I would work here again as seasonal. They trained well and always came around to say hi. ", " I really enjoy to work for Amazon Ltd LB1.  I got experience inbound (Receive) and into ICQA department.  I worked in safety in up to date warehouse.  I have had a good communication into team and I got positive feedback,  100% quality and productivity. ", " The pay is relatively low for the jobs you have to do. The highest pay  you with receive is 15 dollars an hour after being there for 3 years. Not much room for advancement ", " Love the work environment but for me personally I just hate the lack of hours. Other than the lack of hours, I love it. Very laid back environment and fast paced. ", " on an average day i provided prompt and curious support for our customers as well as with an enjoyable call. it was a very easy job to master and become skilled at ", " i used to work there and i liked it but it was too hard for me they work you like a dog and my muscles where hurting they need to treat workers better ", " Fast paced environment with a lot of hard heavy lifting. although warehouse work is hard I really enjoyed it and found the days going by really fast considering how busy I was. ", " It is a good job... You manage your time, and you dont have any tipe of pressure! The only thing bad is the Miles that you have to do from your first delivery until you get home! ", " Amazon provides knowledge of working in a warehouse environment, as well as cross training to learn new skills in the different departments. ", " I had the privilege of working behind the scenes of the number one customer service company in America. I really enjoyed the people I worked with. The best part was doing the work with my fellow workers. ", " Great Place to get started really fast paced you will be put to the test and there are people to help you along the way such as management and other co-workers with you. ", " A good company overall. Very physically demanding job for lower levels with long hours. Management is friendly but never really around. Co-workers are great but you mostly work alone all day. The hardest part of the job is that it's very repetitive and physical. The most enjoyable part of the job is the great benefits that Amazon has to offer. ", " Engaging and always something to do. Hardest part is walking the warehouse in a day to day's work, although you get used to it. Learnt how to well under pressure. ", " would not recommend it to anyone.Too hectic and complicated they run you ragged.The bosses expect too much from thye workforce and are not sympethic at all. ", " I have worked for amazon  fulfilment centre twice and have done picking receiving packing and intent to learn more as I want to advance within the company . And earn my blue badge as a full time associate . ", " A typical day at work was just picking with low supervision . a lot of other co-workers around . The hardest part of this job is being on your feet all day and walking, but you get good exercise. ", " It was just a normal decent warehouse job just like all the other ones but didn't get enough hours or shifts. Could've been a good fit for a manager. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is the best job i ever had. It pays good, you move at your own pace, and you work in your own area. I packed up the items on the shelves they gave us. ", " Amazon is the best warehouse that i have worked with because it is fun while working, team work is excellent and good working condition. ", " Good experience first hand for noobies. But long term goal isn't a good place in my opinion to stay. Work long hard hours and very hard to move up in position. ", " I enjoyed working the lines taking crates off the line scanning them and sending the down the line, the worst part was not getting to try new things you wanted. ", " Amazon is a wonderful place to work if you like working in a very diverse place with a lot of opportunity. Please be prepared to walk and have comfortable shoes because the floor is very hard. ", " Filling out legal documents for occupants with their drivers license revoked. Participating in the DUI classes and answering questions that needed to be answered. Made sure everyone understood every aspect in the class. ", " Working at Amazon is a feat many young adults will undergo in this day and age, largely due to the fact that Amazon has been applauded for enormous hourly wages and create company benefits. With this in mind, however, at least in my experience, those applicants will quickly realize they're being sucked dry for those benefits, as they are put through vigorous physical activity and little comfort. The warehouse is split up into several different portions, and in my case, I was handling Inbound Packages, which meant I unloaded several boxes off of trucks, usually by myself, and unwrapped them, and prepped them for the line. Amazon prides itself with a rule of not lifting more than 50 lbs without help, but in my warehouse, this rule was largely ignored, and we were expected to lift any package, regardless of weight. The Front Line Supervisors varied in quality, with some offering help when necessary, where others were negligent and for the most part only sat at their computer all day. Coworkers also varied, with morale dropping significantly as the ten hour workday progressed. The most difficult aspect of the job was having to maintain a high amount of energy and productivity in an environment actively challenging that. by way of the strenuous physical labor or the fact that the warehouse was cold and dusty without any sunlight. There genuinely was not anything I enjoyed about the job, and only stayed as long as I did for the wage, ultimately quitting due to a neck injury received from the job. I would not recommend working for Amazon Fulfillment unless it is absolutely necessary. ", " Amazon is a great place to work. It's a nice open environment and they treat you great. It's a very big warehouse, lots of diversity. And they pay good ", " They took over my entire life for the short time I worked for Amazon.  They are the best company bar none to be a customer of, but I pan to never work for them again.    My situation may have been unique, but the middle management was not supportive and either misled me about my position or did not really know what it would be themselves.    They have some really amazing incentives and really great benefits.  The coworkers are very intense people but all great.  It is a great name to have on your resume as well.    They make the office a wonderful place to work, which is well since you are going to spend most of your time there.  There is also much room for advancement. ", " The job overall was an easy task, but this job is very time consuming. It was typically a twelve hour day but the overall pay was good for the job I was hired for. ", " Great place to work at. Also great people to work around. I would defiantly go back if I had to. I really enjoyed the experience at amazon. That is all ", " Lots of walking or standing  Lifting items that can be heavy  Great place to meet new people  The pay was great just worked as a temp but the job wasn't for me ", " Good job fun place excellent staff. Different challenges faced every day hard working people who strive to give the best service possible. Hope to stay and progress and gain more knowledge. ", " It's great if you absolutely hate leaving the house and enjoy working from home. I wouldn't recommend to college students. Unless you work part-time, they aren't very flexible about scheduling. ", " hate this place with all my heart. All they do is work me as hard as they can and yell at me, mess up my pay checks, delete my schedule, and tell you they can' t fix it until you yell at them. ", " I have been working here since October and I have enjoyed my experience thus far.  This job is not for the faint of heart and if you like to stay busy this is the place for you. ", " It is a steady-paced work environment with many employees and job positions. I've learned the importance making the best use of my time due to deadlines for packages to be shipped out and working as a team. Management was mediocre. I was very isolated while working there. There were issues of racism in the work facility. I was treated disrespectfully by fellow co-workers and some management. The hardest part was the extremely long hours away from home. The most enjoyable part was the paycheck and incentives they gave us for working hard. ", " amazon is a great place to work with some benefits and compensation to go with(401k,health insurance,carrer choice etc. good management and a very productive company. ", " Always hand on Sometimes you might have to stay longer First break is short Cant bring any electronics in to past time Strict security and security procedures ", " Great start for a new job! Great Culture and Pay. I really enjoyed the workout as well working in this warehouse. Really made me fit physically and helped me meet new friends. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Manager is friendly they work with your schedule , also everyone is a team player, people are friendly, you can build your self up andoing if you like scanning boxes it will be a good fit ", " A lot of changing in leaders, rules, etc.  Lack of accountability with so many people during peak time.  There are many parts of the operation that could be improved to be better efficient. ", " I enjoy working at amazon I have learned a lot I started in picking and move to packing and am currently in Icqa  department. I am an ambassador for the learning department I train new associates, also know how to run an orderpicker. ", " Great company-I enjoyed working from home and they learning tutorials were amazing I hope everyone has the opportunity to work for Amazon Call Center. ", " Overall great experience  I enjoy it  Good pay The hardest part of the job was leaving at the end of the night i would of prefered to stay because its such an entertaining job ", " i learned how to use the pallet jack, receive incoming shipments, management is learning along with regular employees, love watching the robots work ", " This job is somewhat easy, the hours are okay. The one unfair thing is they take time away from your Unpaid Time Off if you can't stay past the time you're scheduled to. ", " Good conditions of work.Nice environment, the place is very clean, canteen with good food, paddock to relax in the break playing pin pong or snooker with collages. ", " the pay here is good if you can get the work. managers are nice and easy to get along with but you get a text to go there in the morning and when you get there there is no work for you. ", " If you enjoy repetitive work then Amazon is for you. There isn't a lot of room to advance in the company I worked there for 3 months and applied to higher positions from day 1 and never got a interview. ", " Worked 3 years for the company and really did like it but since I have topped out on my pay I really hate walking into the building. I really don't think any company should top out a employee. ", " I worked there for 2 months.Atmosphere was very good and workers were very friendly.i hot 15 dollors per hour there.I was doing night shift there which was quite enjoyful. ", " Filling out legal documents for occupants with their drivers license revoked. Participating in the DUI classes and answering questions that needed to be answered. Made sure everyone understood every aspect in the class. ", " Typical day on the job included;  Department briefing of production rate located items within modules by wifi corresponding machines Meeting Expected units per hour rate while being on the clock Problem solving system errors when a scan picks up wrong items  I've learned the right ways to properly move merchandise within safety regulations and techniques to make lifting items easier on the body throughout a shift.   The management was always very knowledgeable and friendly  I met new co workers every day I was there and most of them were highly motivated and task oriented.    The hardest part of this job would be the shifts.. I worked 3rds and my shifts were 10 and a half hours long. Over time I found it to be an obstacle to get daily errands done.  The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people and hearing about friends in the facility getting promotions. ", " Horrible place to work, especially if you are looking for a stable place to work.  Its like a revolving door there as far as an employee there.  Would not recommend this place to work. ", " I really enjoyed working at Amazon the people are grea ,you make a lot of friends and management showed a lot of favoritism throughout the year I was there but it happens. Overall a nice environment to work. ", " Great Services , I like to work for amazon and if possible I will do again this job for this company. I have worked Full Time and I receive positive feedback. ", " Lots of walking or standing  Lifting items that can be heavy  Great place to meet new people  The pay was great just worked as a temp but the job wasn't for me ", " Allows extra income while working from the comfort of your own home.  Training for this job is extensive as if it pays much more but only a 10 dollar an hour job but the plus side is you don't have to pay for gas on commute. ", " Good job fun place excellent staff. Different challenges faced every day hard working people who strive to give the best service possible. Hope to stay and progress and gain more knowledge. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Pleasant, joyful place to work. Although management was not always available to answer a question, they made sure you got what you needed. ", " A typical day is long u work about 10 hrs a day for 4 days but then u have 3 days off.  They treat their employees good they have treats for them sometimes and a Thanksgiving dinner around Thanksgiving. ", " Normally the days are long and repetitive, few managers have actually  experienced what they supervise; I've always enjoyed meeting new people but if you like working with zombies and sheeple this is probably the ideal job for you. The best part of the job and probably the only thing keeping a lot of people there is the benefits, What ive learned...you can have 4 years of college and still be out smarted by a nobody. ", " The work was flexible so you weren't doing the same thing all the time and I really enjoyed that. Also, the management was extremely helpful and great to work with. ", " 10 hours spent on your feet all day and constantly moving across an incredibly large three level warehouse describes a normal day.  Half of my coworkers did not want to be there and their lack of motivation or sense of doing things correctly ultimately made the job far more difficult to accomplish.  Management seems only to care about the numbers, nothing else.  Since speed of work is everything you better hope you don't run into a problem (there were always problems) since resolving it means you need to walk to a specific station and you also need to hope you aren't 5th in line. ", " Amazon at days was good then others it was not. If you ask me I would say don't work at amazon cause they pick favorites. They don't go by the book when it comes to rules. They don't care about there employees just the money the employees are getting for them. ", " they expect a lot out of all of their workers and are just making the job load even harder on the workers so they cannot even have a stable life outside of work its miss managed but their are good people and the pay well worth it and has create affordable benefits if you're willing to work hard this is the job for you ", " Inconsistent management requirements on different days. Very inconsistent communication between management on shifts, and between in person and work assistant app. ", " The hours are long and the work load heavy. The compensation and benefits are great if you can handle the heavy lifting and the fast pace. Job security is based on rates. ", " Although the company says they care about employees, I personally don't feel like they do. I get along with my coworkers but over all I would prefer to work somewhere else. It's a good its just not the job for everyone. On the plus side you do receive benefits, whether you/re part time or full time. ", " great place to work fun rewarding also exciting . Make sure to drink plenty fluids and stretch before every start day . Managers are always often very busy but great people . ", " its 10 hours shifts. not a hard job and the only thing is in a warehouse job so i you don't like inside job i don't recommend it ", " I worked here as a temporary employee thru Kelly Service. I got to meet the human resources team. They introduced me to the task that are required for the hiring process. ", " It was nice when you first start, but when you are there nearly twelve hours and only get an hour in breaks total. Then you work super hard all the time day in and out, and one day you don't meet your numbers they make a big deal about it. you have to stand the whole time even if there is no work. No room for advancement unless you are military background it seems. ", " Very challenging and fast growing environment. Complex problem solving in a limited time to keep up with the pace. Very smart and nice co-workers, Can learn a lot in a very short time frame. ", " Amazon is a difficult place to work. My job was not stable you never new if you were going to have a job then next day. The management was very poor. They would always run out of equipment and you would have to figure out how to do your job with out your tool. Co-workers were very plesant, we would all try to keep a positive attitude and be up beat. Working at Amazon I learned a lot. I have learned how work threw difficult time in a work environment and how to suck it up and work with whom ever you may have to work with. Long hours and hard work is a lot easier with a positive attitude. ", " a lot of walking back and forth through the warehouse. learned how to code orders. coworkers were great and helpful. hardest part of job was the constant standing for ten and a half hours. managers were very respectful ", " organized and successful workplace. very safe and fun. they care for the employee, especially around the holidays. they have games, goala, and rewards to keep you motivated. ", " Good Job and great opportunity for advancement. Great benefits and Pay. Lots of incentives and giveaways. I enjoyed my time their...got my own place and car,  while finishing college. ", " It was a cool job. Explored the city. Found a couple dope places to eat &amp; shop. Not bad at all. The pay is also good. It's only about 6 hrs max but you get plenty of tips so it makes up for it. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It was a productive workplace and it served its purpose for where I was in my life. The work environment was ok. That is all that I have to say about the company. ", " Amazon is one of the fastest growing companies in the world. The reason for this exponential growth is the start-up culture and the freedom that this company affords to its employees. I was able to built teams from ground up, make major changes, propose multiple process improvements in less than three months.  It is the best place to work if one is looking for opportunities to grow and see tangible results. ", " Amazon is more into building the company opposed to building people. Not a great place to work at. The turn over rate is extremely high. Would not recommend this company to anyone. ", " The work is monotonous and demanding, but not terribly intense. The compensation is adequate and the benefits are awesome. Management is nice, but doesn't hold much power. ", " working in Amazon at first was very tedious but gradually blended in. I really learnt a lot  like how to pack items and how to operate on some slam machines. My co-workers are very friend and supportive. The hardest part of the job is standing to work 5 times faster than normal to make the item go before the end of the day to meet up with the delivery time. The most enjoyable part of the job is to work in a very big warehouse and meet with people with different cultural background. ", " I worked four ten hour days for the workweek. I performed quality audits on warehouse associates, and processed customer returns. It was very fast paced with friendly co-workers. ", " I enjoyed working at Amazon. It pushed me and my abilities to work faster and more effectively. I would still be there if I didn't have my children. I needed more time to take off for them and so I had to leave. ", " After meeting your daily tasks and shifting through the day/night work can be a little rewarding. The down side is though that you always have to guess when the stipulations for your tasks and workload will undergo change without you being aware of it. At the end of the day you more than likely are viewed as a number rather than an individual. ", " Great company, very organized, great benefits, family oriented atomsphere. Job is not secure but the pay is great and managemnt is very considerate. ", " good pay good work hours new bus line put in place a standing most of the time no real heavy lifting but you have to get use to the constant standing i didnt like the bells that go off for break time lunch time and back to work time i also did not like being constantly monitored by managers in their offices by computer if your productivity did not meet 2000 packages s shift a stiff warning was earned ", " I didn't see much family as much as I would like due to long 10 hour shifts. The pay was great and the benefits are amazing. There was too much chaos lately and too many safety incidents that happened. I had little to no chance of advancement, so I needed to move on. ", " The Amazon Warehouse is  great place to work at simply cause of its goal setting environment. It was very easy to get promoted to different jobs just by working hard. ", " its hot and dirty and repetitive but it sure pays the bills they have a nice break room, and the people are very friendly unless you get Rob as a manager ", " It was a good learning experience. Taught me very good time management skills. Typical day would be arrive to the warehouse, pick up the packages &amp; deliver the rest of the day. If down early, help with other deliveries. The hardest part of the job was memorizing all the different routes &amp; apartment passwords/gate codes. ", " Predicable work day but can be stressful with some unrealistic expectations from management. Easy going associates, but can become complacent. ", " working out and get paid ....i really loved it and i do miss it now , it give you a lot of experience on using computer first ...then keeps you busy with scanning items ... very very fun ", " After having worked in the insurance industry, the culture and the pace of Amazon was fantastic - smart people that I clicked with and engaging work. I strongly recommend Amazon if you haven't had a chance to work in a large, yet agile firm. ", " We take phone calls all day. Either customers or drivers needing help on their deliveries. Management is good. I enjoy helping the customers and the drivers to get the deliveries done. I enjoy my co workers. They are awesome. ", " Here, you might as well get used to being degraded on the phone every day. That is all that happens.  The other employees were great, but the job itself was just horrible. ", " Management was not very organized and also I felt as if they worked you much more than they where willing to pay you. As far as the work place it self was nice n clean. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day at work:  Stretching to prevent injury Brief meeting, going over basic announcements. Then we get an RF scanner, log in. Getting the work day started: 1.get a cart and empty tote. 2.locate products,  3.scan products,  4. continue to find and scan products to fill totes,  5.put filled totes on conveyor belt.  Repeat the process. ", " My most enjoyable part of the job was working in Inbound. I had a great time while working, and I was really good at getting things done right. Management is a joke, if I had a question it would get tossed around from one manager to another. I would never get an answer, extremely unreliable. My co-workers were the best part about working there, got along with everyone. I learned a lot of good and bad things while working there. But I will always remember all the good! ", " I had great experience working for amazon, I met a lot of good people. My Managers were very helpful to me and very understanding. I have learned a lot of stuff from everyone around me. ", " good work environment, had to leave on family issues but would have stayed if I could. typical warehouse job just moving things around and putting things where they should go ", " Hard work, long hours but great exercise!  Constantly on the move, management is young as well as the facility, so rough edges are still being smoothed out.  Thought there would be room for advancement but that doesn't seem to be a possibility.  Overall I feel the company is great, very employee oriented. ", " its a very interesting job, I really enjoy working for amazon . No day is the same, if you enjoy meeting new people every day; then amazon is the job for you. ", " A regular day at work I would go and punch in and then go to start up where we stretches that the manager leads then I go find a Picker that I learned to drive and got my license on then go and pick up different picks in various orders. Some co-workers are great people and very nice but some are also very rude and nasty to everybody and same goes for management. I don't really see a hard part about the job I adapt pretty quickly to any job. My favorite part of the job would probably have to be driving the order pickers I liked doing that alot. ", " I eventually liked the company a lot but was let go because it was a seasonal job I was hired for. this job stays on a fast pace which I like. I just wish the breaks were longer. ", " While working at amazon I learned how to work with a team to complete an overall goal. I also learned the importance of building a strong relationship with my managers to help/guide me to completing my/our company goal. ", " Amazon is a great place to work.  I was not micromanaged.  I was given guidelines to follow, which I did.  I had no problems with any of my co-workers.  Amazon truly has the customer's experience as their number 1 priority. I was asked to take items that were received in the warehouse and scanned the items into the Amazon system.  Management was continually training and encouraging growth on how to scan more items in quickly and efficiently. ", " As far as the people you will come across on a daily basis it isnt too bad, the problem is management. they fire who they want, keep wo they want and treat and talk to everyone horribly. HR does the bare minimum to act as if they are working and never really help resolve anyones issues and get paid for it. ", " Wish the pay was higher but overall the workplace is great. Managment needs work as they only hire new people to management they seem to stray from exsperiance ", " Great Company to work for. Demonstrates positive work attitude. Running offers on line making sure they are complete and sent out on time. ", " I worked for Amazon for almost a year and really did the best job I could do. However, I was forced to resign or be fired due to their strict \"rate\" guidelines. This company micro manages you on EVERY thing you do down to the minute. It drives you crazy! They have a super high turnover. It is really a glorified sweat shop. I HATED working at Amazon. You have people that dont do hardly anything all day and get promoted. Others who work hard get fired. Managment constantly comes and goes. You are just another number to them. All Amazon cares about is money, not people. They grind you down mentally and physically. Make it next to impossible to survive long term with them. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere. ", " You cannot get full time work.  Management seems disorganized. No explanation of what a PA's job actually is so they appear to be doing nothing but staring at computer screens.  Same with management. Staring at computer screens.   High turnover rate.   No promotions, no raises.   Option to become ambassador and take on more responsibility without more pay. Training was a joke.   Weird clapping and chanting at beginning of shift. All about increasing productivity without any rewards. ", " The trainers are disrespectful trailer trash,  they belittle you, call names, yell at you when you're 17 seconds late and you've had to climb three flights of stairs. This company treats employees like robots not humane in any way, shape or form. Do not work here unless you like kicking dogs/ being kicked like a dog. It's not worth the money being treated like garbage especially by the garbage running the facilities! They are miserable and very two faced. ", " A typical work day involves standing on my feet for 10 hours a day, heavy lifting, working with computers. Daily exercises, love my co-workers and managers ", " Mangers depend on a computer to monitor your work, as they play around with other associates or just disappear. Also the hr team and medical team can careless about the associate unless they're dying; if you get sick and start throwing up at work with no hours, too bad they're going to make you stay unless you want negative hours. ", " I didn't like the management, wasn't good or well put together . need some structure. but I did like the typical work day, gives you chances too learn other machines and some opportunity. ", " Amazon is an okay place to work if youve never had a \"real\" job before. Just make sure you go in as an Amazon employee and not intergrity. Amazon has great benefits and even offers to pay your tuition for school. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is really what you take from it. Every job has its pros and cons and Amazon is one of them. Just try to find some enjoyment out of it and you'll be fine. ", " If your not one of the favorites of any manager you will not move up in this company. Does not matter if your a hard worker they do not appreciate people that do work hard that deserve that promotion. Only way to get it now is to be one of the favorites of your manager, But if your looking at this job as a short term place where you don't want to be promoted then this is the place for you. People who work there are all generally nice everyone gets a long. I left the company because of the lack of appreciation I was not getting. There are people that are happy to work there it all depends on the mind set you have. Would I recommend this job to my friends sure but I will let them know about the major CON's this company has. If this issue was not there this place would almost be perfect and honestly I would have never left this place. ", " .Really good place as stepping stone...many opportunities..good management..good scheme of benefits, pension programme... ", "  \tRF Scanning / USB Scanning  \tFinding stock and merchandise in the warehouse  \tRoutinely cleaning work area and all warehouse areas  \tBuilding Pallets Win gifts and prizes Win days off ", " 12 hours a night standing, supervisors who had no clue what they were doing, insufficient break times, noisy environment, constant breakdowns and delays. ", " Work you to death and expect you to work till the very last minute even second of the hour, 15 minute break where it takes 5 'minutes to get there and 5 to get back and just a horrible place ", " Amazon where do i start ? Amazon isn't a good place to work. The employees,disrespectful managers. I didn't like working at amazon. People were disrespectful. ", " It was very pleasure to work there and i would like \ud83d\udc4d to work at Amazon again and again.However I enjoyed and I have made many good friends and that made me happier. ", " the typical day at work as a picker first you log in to your scanner find your location and get to work . the good part is everybody get motivated get encouraging words and we stretch to get loose the hard part when you have to pick a item and all the way down A or up high like G and you  need a latter. Co worker or so nice and helpful the most enjoyable part of the job get the chance to win gift cards and prizes I learn to use a RF scanner and what to do if the item is not and the ben or if you cant scan the bar code it a lot of fun but you have to work hard ", " The environment was so nice. All the employees got along, the first aid team was always right there when someome got hurt. The break room was big enough for everybody to eat comfortably. ", " I had a wonderful time at Amazon. I learned so many different skills that many warehouses offer. The managent team is amazing and very help full. They stand by there employees and really show them the job. ", " It was an alright job, least paid warehouse in the area with most ours worked. Did accommodate school schedule, even though it took a while for it to get approved. Lot of stressful and difficult work on a daily basis, but a lot of overtime provided. ", " Worked for the season of autumn and winter and learned the trade of mass warehouse experience. Job was filled with training and motivation to work. Good for hours and overtime. ", " The people at this location are amazing and very helpful. The atmosphere is great and as long as you come to work and not socialize the day goes by fairly smoothly. ", " its fast pace work and very fun must be willing to move and learn new things along with new people. not very flexible when it comes to shift changes or personal issues. ", " It's okay as long as we have good products shippped in which allows us to meet out quota.  When it's large items it reduces the quota and allows for productivity to appear better.  We are trying to pull other boxes so that we can make sure to get our numbers right.  Good benefits.  It is very fast-paced and sometimes you don't even have time to use the bathroom or take your break when you know you need to get your numbers up. ", "  \tPreparing and packaging merchandise for shipment   \tPerformance promotion to Water Spider  \tStocking and maintaining packaging 26 packaging stations   \tMaintaining packaging each station\u2019s machines and cleanliness ", " I loved working for amazon. They pay really good and are very organized in there workplace. I worked at ross distribution and i can say amazon iis a way better looking place to work at. ", " HR and Managers need to be more supportive of their workers. But was an overall good experience with coworkers. Being a picker was very challenging at times. But I did enjoy all of the vto incentives. ", " Amazon is a good place to work when they have work. I use to love doing my job but over time it just wasn't fun anymore. I'm ready for the work to come back . "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Learned How to work at a fast pace, the staff are friendly and approachable, the targets were impossible to hit but there were times where you can have a laugh with the staff. ", " It is very fun to work at amazon. It has consistent change in the environment. You get to meet alot of people and you get too bond with others at work. Managers are respectful and helpful. ", " Each day at work I pick customer orders, pack them, and then load the orders on the truck. The managers at Amazon encourage the importance of safety in a working environment. ", " they don't care about their employees and you will work hours that will be unrealistic. this is just a quota job and numbers, not a place you can grow. ", " hate this place with all my heart. All they do is work me as hard as they can and yell at me, mess up my pay checks, delete my schedule, and tell you they can' t fix it until you yell at them. ", " If you like to walk at a very swift pace for 10hrs a night 4 to 5 days a week this is the job for you. Seems like if you buddy up with the right supervisor or lead you can get a chill job. As a picker to keep your rate up from the time you clock in you have to move swiftly throughout a warehouse the size of about 3 to 4 football fields for 10 hours with a 30 min lunch break &amp; 2 15 min breaks that are actually 10 min. Would be a great first job for someone. ", " Amazon is a family friendly place to work. The people there are nice people, and they are willing to help you with any questions you may have. I highly recommend this job. ", " Amazon  was  a cool  job ,difficult  at  first but  it turned  out to  be fun and I  enjoyed  my  work schedule  after  all  and. I. Wish. To. Go  back ", " Amazon trusts young managers with challenging roles.  Managers gain a great amount of experience in a short period of time.  Invaluable to my current leadership experience. ", " Working here I was able to learn how to operate forklifts, I was trained in many of the areas here at this facility and I was also able to become a team leader and lead others. ", " If they tell you you can't ride on the conveyor they are lying. The time will come when the box is heavy enough and the managers aren't looking. Seize the moment. ", " wonder team great leadership  big impact successful business excellent stock payout learned software maintenance and scaling and customer obsession the customer comes first ", " During peak season you will be expected to work 12 hours a day 6 days a week. Very strict atmosphere. 30 min lunch, two 15 min  break for a 11 hour shift. ", " Amazon is a wonderful place to work if you like working in a very diverse place with a lot of opportunity. Please be prepared to walk and have comfortable shoes because the floor is very hard. ", " Worst company ever. Two of my family members work at a fulfilment center in WA state and have been bullied since day one. I know these two are hard workers and the way they are threatened on the job and treated is sickening. One family member was hurt on the job and then was written up for low production rates! I hope they get their behinds  sued. ", " I started working at Amazon about 2 weeks ago. Its very organized and the productivity there is always I improving. I would like TT o convert but I want to work somewhere full time. ", " it was the only job I had in my real field. that's why i enjoyed it a lot and wanted to continue it but because of health problems at that time i had to left the job. ", " It was a very energetic place to work at. I loved my coworkers and how helpful they were. I would definitely go back there if I had a chance . I enjoyed my job description it was very active. ", " Amazon has a great culture.  It's very fast paced, like drinking from a fire hose, because Amazon is ever-evolving and growing.  That being said, the culture there is laid-back and \"business casual\" in the offices, more casual in the fulfillment centers.  You're expected to work hard, but as long as you are self-disciplined and can keep focused and perform your metrics and achieve your goals, management will leave you alone.  They are, however, good at touching base with you and keeping you in the loop.  Communication at Amazon is good, and I think that is one key element to their continued success. ", " So far so good I enjoy my position  at Amazon  it's very busy and productive the staff is extremely nice an everyone is a team player "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The managers at the  Amazon fulfillment center were often quite unprofessional at times but I'm glad I had the opportunity to work for such an awesome company. ", " Very customer centric  company who realizes we are human.  You will typically take over 300 calls a month but the calls are not hard to handle.  You are well trained and prepared.  Great place to work. ", " My typical day in UK is monotonouse because I au-pair and I still do the same things with the same children now. Working in UK I learned many interesting things and I can meet customs and habits at international enviroment( AMAZON) . In my opinion doesn't exist hard and light job because every person likes different things and derive pleasure from something different part od life. I love people.... it is the best job ! ", " the management and workers are really friendly and it makes it nice to wake up everyday and go to work because you know that you will have a great day. ", " It's a lot of fun working there especially with the people your surrounded with every there is having a good time and you meet a lot of new people and make lots of friends ", " The pay was above average, but the hours were long and short term basis. The other employees were great to work with.  The drive to and from work was long. ", " It's hard to advance from contract worker to full time employee. I learned alot of computer programs and skills. The most enjoyable part of my job is getting everything done and beating other studios. ", " an overall fun environment with many interesting and new people. a very safe place to work with safety employees walking around making sure everyone is safe and doing there job to keep their body safe ", " i worked at amazon and in all the time i was there i enjoyed the job as a whole no issues easy to communicate with all staff being your own boss out on the road and feeling of satisfaction on a daily basis ", " the pay here is good if you can get the work. managers are nice and easy to get along with but you get a text to go there in the morning and when you get there there is no work for you. ", " I had a wonderful experience with amazon. It was fun working with the robots , and meeting. New people. It was a seasonal position , but fun ", " A typical day would be come in and work either on the inbound dock or receive lines. On the dock I would check in the vendor products off the truck then send them to the receivers. On the receive line I would scan the products into the inventory and place in a cage to go to the shower so they can put the products on the shelves. ", " Great pay, but very strict. The commute was farther than I had anticipated and with only one vehicle with my wife and I, it was ultimately why I left Amazon. ", " I loved working at Amazon, the management is the best. Kind, understanding, they really make sure you know how to do your job ", " Fun and learning, managing diverse people Long work hours and high dedication  Passion for customers Peak periods might be little hectic Managers are easy to talk with ", " every thing is over a computer and their are no people to talk to, you ask were your check is and they have no answers. i have had to fight to get a check through a second party. ", " Working at amazon was a very interesting experience for me. I loved my job and the people i worked with. It just wasn't the job for me. Its not a hard job at all. ", " A lot of experience , new things learning , hard but fun working , fun people always like a team. Loading unloading vans, nice costumers , always happy to work on amazon ", " a typical day at amazon includes doing morning stretches and getting the daily news before heading to your station/job duty ", " A typical day would be clock in and would have a short stand up meeting and then head to our stations and start counting items within the pods that would come to the station I was assigned. Takes your breaks throughout the day and have another standup meeting after lunch. I work a 10 hour shift from 6pm to 430 am. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon provides knowledge of working in a warehouse environment, as well as cross training to learn new skills in the different departments. ", " I like this job. I like the people and atmosphere.  I am an order picker and do inventory control. I just wish there was more work so the workers would not get sent home all the time ", " I worked on the line scanning the product and placing the on the pellet in a 4 foot square wrapping it and sending it off to the truck to be loaded and sent to there destinatio ", " With good guiding principles, smart data-driven decision making, and great compensation/benefits for full-time employees, Amazon can be a fantastic place to work. But the corporate culture of Amazon does not promote a healthy work/life balance, and trying to land a full-time position can be daunting and puzzlingly difficult. Some people will find the hands off, self-directed management style of Amazon refreshing, but poor coordination between different departments and the mishmash of stopgap tools used from team to team can make most projects unnecessarily difficult. Still, working at Amazon can be very rewarding if you're interested in the task and can deal with the ambiguity. ", " loved working at amazon, no drama, everyone was friendly and nice. If you needed a question answered the managers would answer it the best they could or they would ask someone if they didnt know the answer themselves. ", " A typical day can be alot of walking. I've learn how to get around a warehouse and use scanner .I have never really had a experience with management its so busy there doing peak. ", " Typical day is come in, they have stand up meetings where they discuss what the day entails. You have to do these exercises before you start work. There is a screen or list that tells you where to go. I learned Amazon is not a company you  see as a career. They find any and everything to fired you about. Their intentions is not to keep people for a long time. Unless you are in upper management or HR. They hire anybody..so be prepare to deal with all types of people. The hardest part about the job is having to pick items. You are walking for long periods of times and they make you go everywhere to pick the items. The items are not easy to find. you find a location and you have to dig through all this stuff to find it. The most enjoyable part is meeting new people and developing friendships. I love the fact they give you great benefits.  If you need a job, go for it. there is no interview process. All you do is show up and take your drug test and if you pass the background check and drug screening you basically have the job. Just don't think you will be there after 2 years. You will be miserable. ", " We take phone calls all day. Either customers or drivers needing help on their deliveries. Management is good. I enjoy helping the customers and the drivers to get the deliveries done. I enjoy my co workers. They are awesome. ", " From start to finish, every day at Amazon was almost exactly the same. This is common for warehouse/factory work, but I felt like the employees at Amazon are under-appreciated for the dedication and degree of work that we were forced to put in. I felt like they turned employees into drones, so to speak. The management was very available if there was an issue, but they were not very understanding as far as non work-related issues went. For the most part, the coworkers were very arrogant if they had been there for a while and often looked down upon new hires, instead of raising them up and helping them learn and adapt to the job. The hardest part of the job was keeping up with the rates of production that we were expected to accomplish, however, Amazon offered great benefits and opportunities, if you put in the time to achieve them. ", " Liked my job there if only they allowed to you to move around within the company and learn different jobs i might still be with them. ", " Hardest part almost everything at times  learned new factory skills and health and safety  mostly boring only Benefit is the pay ", " HR and Managers need to be more supportive of their workers. But was an overall good experience with coworkers. Being a picker was very challenging at times. But I did enjoy all of the vto incentives. ", " I clock in then I go up stairs to the stowing pod. I sign in with my badge then a pod come to me. I take a product from and chart or bin. I scan the chart or bin. Then I scan the product and put it away. ", " I had a wonderful time at Amazon. I learned so many different skills that many warehouses offer. The managent team is amazing and very help full. They stand by there employees and really show them the job. ", " Did not care about employees well being they do not give accommodations per drs orders they dont accept drs notes they are only worried about numbers and ratings ", " This job was very fast paced but was very fun. All employee's of Amazon were hard working and the staff was very professional. It is an honor to work for this company. ", " The environment was so nice. All the employees got along, the first aid team was always right there when someome got hurt. The break room was big enough for everybody to eat comfortably. ", " it is a productive place to work but the managers are not friendly, they only care about quantity over quality, they managers and PAs play favoritism. ", " Managers are terrible and lazy. Spend over half their shift sitting in a break room.  Work isn't too incredibly hard, but can take a toll on your body. ", " Very committed to engaging associates through a variety of onsite fun activities; amazon cares program to assist our surrounding community; and ownership for each associate. Also defined set of leadership principles that are understandable and achieveable and used as a basis for career enhancement and growth.  Associates trust their HR to help them when needed; consult them when asked and ensure all are aware of everything available to them. Management trusts HR to help them lead their associates and achieve productivity and quality goals.    The best part of the job is the opportunity to deal directly with all levels of the organization; continuous learning venues and the ability to work hard, have fun and make history! "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Everyday is a great day at amazon. I learned how to stow and managers are very supportive. Amazon have great employees to go with the environment. The hard part is keeping up when you getting a little tired.mostly of all I love that amazon give you three breaks. ", " Amazon, is a decent company to work for. There isn't really any opportunity for advancement though. I would recommend this job to someone just starting out of high school. ", " This a great place to work for hourly employees. Management not so much. UPT policy, that is given to hourlies, definitely affects scheduling and bottom line production ", " if was a great place to work and i loved my time there and all the bosses and staff were nice to me and helped me better my self and helped me strive to reach my gaols ", " I found working here was not very nice  Management was terribler  Not a flexible place to work at all   Hardest part about the job was dealing with idiot managers ", " I enjoyed working here. It felt like I had my own little class to plan activitiess, help with homework. It taught me how to be organized, ", " I worked 10 hours a day 4 days a week.  I learned how to use a pallet jack manually.  The most enjoyable part of the job was getting the 3 days off.  It was hard at first getting use to the 10 hours a day.  We had 2 fifteen minutes breaks a day when we had peak season which we had to work 11 hours a day we would have 3 breaks.  I enjoyed the work when I did Inducts.  I had several managers and they were all every nice. ", " The day starts too early and ends, slowly. Working with the wrong people can really make the day seem like its dragging too long. I've learned to never let work relationships become outside relationships it's not a smart thing or good thing to do ever. I know lots of people already know this but there was a real eye opener for me. My co-workers were all crazy, interesting people who come from all over the place they're normally pretty cool unless you get those few people who don't really want to work in a warehouse and are literally just there to BS their way through life. ", " A typical day at work includes stand ups with your manager, it's a lot of fun. I've learned quite a few things, picking, receiving. Management is awesome, they're kind and very helpful. Co-workers are very kind and look out for one another. Hardest part of the job to be honest is the walking distance from point A to point B, but then again what did I expect from a warehouse job? The most enjoyable part of the job is getting to be there and learning new and different things everyday. ", " I learned a lot on taking ownership and initiative in this position.The company culture and environment is fun and productive.It is really sad that my position here is temporal. ", " long hours. no time off. unrewarding. no days off. lacked moral.  had xbox set up in break room. arcade machine was good also ", " They have crazy long hours. Sadly you cant have your phone or listen to music which sucks but you get a lot of exercise working there. Can make good friends with the people that work there. ", " Working for amazon is good. I work well with co-workers, management is okay at times. I learned a lot for working at amazon that I take to another job and work hard there as well. ", " hard and long a little of everything I had a good manger stand on my feet for 12 hours nothing was enjoyable about Amazon they talk a good talk but there  walk was  bad. ", " A day of an Amazon associate is frustrating due to the fact that management can really make some poor decisions. its fast paced and most ppl are cool. ", " I worked in the legal department for about a year. More emphasis is put on appearing stressed than on actually completing your work on time. Very hostile environment towards both introverts and people with mental illnesses. Little formal professional development training, so your experience is often dictated by the quality of your manager. Unfortunately, the majority of employees do not stay more than a year, so most managers are inexperienced. The company encourages an unsustainable culture of stress, and a good percentage of employees take a leave of absence for mental health reasons. I, for example, was hospitalized for stress after working nine days straight.  Amazon is also notoriously cheap, so work teams don't tend to have events outside of work since they have virtually no budget for social functions. This puts a huge strain on team dynamics. The employee discount is not nearly as good as you'd expect, although the medical benefits are extremely comprehensive - you'll need them to pay for all the therapy visits. ", " Awesome environment that encourages working hard and having fun while keeping focused on the ultimate goal of the business. I look forward to work. ", " I learned a lot from interacting with people from many backgrounds and cultures. The hardest part of the job was the night shift, I did not adjust well to this pattern. As a highly competitive individual I thrived in the high energy and fast paced production environment. ", " always busy very loud, good pay, can move up in department if you work hard, can also switch departments when a opening is available, It is a very good company to work for! ", " typical day: begining shift meeting, go to you assigned location,work, break,work,lunch,mid shift meeting,work, last break,work end of shift meeting, go home. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day at Amazon is fast paced and productive. Freight is scanned in and received almost instantly.The motivation to succeed is clearly visible ", " Drive forklift, learned how to work a scanner, management bad, good co-workers, getting your rate for the day hardest, enjoyed working with co-workers. ", " Wasn't really much to say i did what i needed to do for the 1w2hrs i was there stowing items. I did the best i could to get everything done ", " I enjoyed my time here. Ch1 works really hard at making your time as a peak season worker fun. Parking and traffic is CRAZY !! It can be a mad house of sorts so they take the extra steps needed for you   to enjoy the work environment. ", " management needs upgraded and replaced, seems all over the place. not family friendly, work most holidays, it is a place that demands a lot of labor ", " Amazon has a very friendly environment. Everyone from HR, to the managers, employees, even the security team make you feel welcomed. Everyone is in sync like a team. We are always able to work out tough situations or concerns. ", " I first started working for this company though a temp service when they opened a new warehouse in Indiana but got laid off because it was a seasonal position. I came back a year later through that same temp and got hired as a Amazonian. two years and 9 months there has done good for me. we got a dollar raise, got to cash/invest in stocks, great and affordable insurance for me and my family,college reimbursement and great pay. the downside (for me) was the work. Its easy if your doing a simple task that has a rate but it can be hard work and your are often trained (without a pay increase) in other roles and expected to do three or four things at once. Multitasking is an understatement. Growth in the company often feels impossible. Seniority has nothing to do with moving up the corporate chain  which is good if when you work hard. On the other hand it seems that you have to \"know a guy\" in order to move up. Right now (in my opinion) some of the management team are not listening to what the employees have to say about what goes on in the company/or department, or when they do, it isn't taking as seriously as hoped for. There is clearly a lot of favoritism taking place as well as taking advantage of hard workers at the expense of their health. Overall, The pay, and Benefits are worth the stay. Sometimes the hours, which is typically 10hrs a day, four days a week with possible  mandatory or voluntary over time(an extra 10hrs=time and a half) Its peak season will definitely test your patience and will power to work 60+ a week for the holidays. But more money making opportunity is ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> a plus. ", " Working at Amazon is very challenging, its built up my speed in working in a fast pace environment. The workers are friendly &amp; easy to get a long with. The hardest part of the job is that you have to always be on your feet for 10 hours, but apart from that it's a very interesting &amp; challenging job to do. The most enjoyable part of the job is receiving good feedback after reaching &amp; exceeding my targets &amp; knowing that i have improved which makes me feel proud of myself. ", " Okay as a temp job. No room for advancement. Managers and PA just sits around. Sending people home early and then, flexing for one hour. always understaffed ", " very nice work culture, nice management. only minus point is very rarely  heavy packages to be lifted and limited working hours.. ", " I learned a lot on taking ownership and initiative in this position.The company culture and environment is fun and productive.It is really sad that my position here is temporal. ", " Great company to work for that allows continuous improvement.  It doesn't matter what position you are or how long you have worked for the company, you have the chance to promote quickly and be recognized fast if you work hard. ", " Typical day at work - fast past and moving What I learned - Responsibility to the \"Customer\" Management - Very Positive on a daily basis Co-workers - Energetic and hard working Hardest Part of the job - For me \"there is none\"  Enjoyable part of the job - Knowing that I make a difference ", " It is a Huge turn over company. I enjoyed working there but when you find your niche to stay in that area Management move to much so things are confusing at times. I did enjoy working there very converse and people were great there. ", " all day receive goods. nice management and co-workers. the hardest part of the job was order picking in my opinion. The most enjoyable part of the job it's receiving ", " Have acquired problem solving skills and pit operato experience. Busy faced paced environment where you are constantly moving lifting, bending, standing and working hard ", " If you really really need a job its an easy quick start. This is typically a job for somebody young and in school the hours are good and its a very active job. I have 9 year experience in this field knew everything about the jobs and working environment. This place does not care about there employees what so ever I lasted 2 months before I did not meet there 100% production rate and was terminated. Your picks are random, you have no control of your pick paths, no matter how fast your pace you cannot make the rate if whats generated from your scan gun is spread out in far locations from each other. I have a great work ethic and Im not somebody that sits around and chit chats with others. My last day I was at 93% which was SERIOUSLY you don't stop moving at all. Doesn't matter to management if you don't  cut 100% in the 6 week learning curve your gone they don't care what, why, how come, anything you have to say. You will never see your supervisor less your have time off task or your rate is low yet they want you to think they care. Break are 10 mins the other 5 is considered walk to and from breaks, and its a pretty big place. If you do take this job I HIGHLY recommend comfy shoes your feet will hurt I promise you. ", " Great team and communication. I really enjoyed leading and managing the teams. We really pulled together as a group to accomplish our goals, and were very effective at achieving them. Management was effective at communicating objectives and setting us up for success to achieve such goals. ", " Sort Packed Packages in designated area and make sure all merchandise is packed and stable enough to fit on the shelves that the kindle selects and tells us to bring them ", " Amazon has a bad reputation. It is truly not a horrible place to work from my experience there. Amazon hires you to work, and they expect nothing less from you. A minute late is a minute late, and it is not acceptable to them. They will get on you for the littlest things, but its only because you are held to the highest standard. I have to say I do not enjoy going to work in the morning, but not because it is a terrible place, but because it is physically demanding everyday. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " clock in. do stretches. get gloves. get assigned a work station. do repetitive warehouse work. go to break room grab coffee walk back. repeat. lunch. stretch. work. end of shift clock out. problem solver- use computer to fix product problems on a given floor. ambassador employee engagement. Weak managers- favoritism promotions not solely based on hard-work. most enjoyable part Leading the stretches. ", " My team within the team was what made working at Amazon palpable.  The pay is great especially with all the over time that would be required, however.....  The overtime will take you away from your family if you have one, if you are a family person.  Amazon is a corporation, if you are unwilling to work they will ship you out and a new one in.  There is no personal attachment there, only with the people you call a team. ", " We worked 10-12hour shifts. Where I worked you had to walk around and stock the shelves with items that would later on be picked up by the pickers and packed for shipment. ", " This was a decent temp job, they seem to constantly be hiring for entry level positions. They are very structured on break times. ", " I honestly have bad experiences. I was hurt on the job at someone else's negligence and lost my job over it. It was very wrong to fire me over not being able to walk because of another employee. ", " Quality assurance (QA), which audits how well we\u2019re sticking to agreed processes and highlights any discrepancies. This team also helps analyse customer-facing metrics. ", " Typical warehouse job. It is a normal warehouse job that you have to stand, bend, and lift items all day. Not bad of a job. It is just something to get you by and it is easy to move up on the job. ", " Working at Amazon Fulfillment is a good place to work if you want a full week of work in a short period of time. I would say it's hard on your feet unless you wear really good shoes. The co-workers are not bad. They need to work on management and work on a better way of communicating information about the work days. ", " Amazon cares about the employees   they always find new and innovative way to make us give the extra mile on the work that we do because they go the extra mile for us  days go by really quick because there is always for and doesn't give you the chance to even look at the clock  one of the hardest part for me was to get adjusted to night shift ", " As an intern, I had a wonderful mentor who walked me through the design process for creating a product concept that I got to pitch to Amazon leadership at the end of my internship. Alongside working on my main project, I also got to contribute to my team's current in-flight projects. While the intern culture wasn't as strong as other corporations I interned at, the work experience was very valuable and I had a lot of support from my team. ", " fun, energetic, caring environment, able to come to work knowing I was going to learn and develop new relationships and skills with great people. ", " My time here has been good so far its just some things I wish could change. For instance longer breaks. But the co-workers are good people, management is good. Hardest part about working is standing for 10-12 hour shifts. ", " I did not like working for them they were a new facility and they did not know what they were doing. I would go back if I knew that they had worked out all of the kinks in the system ", " Great place to work if you like to walk around a lot, depends on what your work job is. Other wise co-workers are very fun and laid back and always are there to help ", " I love my job at Amazon. My leadership team is amazing. Very friendly, open door policy meaning you can always talk to your Area Manager. Our General Manager is very down to earth and easy to talk to. They truly care about their employees. ", " Bad experience overall. Its all about the management and making themselves look good overall. Employees dont matter. ", " Great pay, but very strict. The commute was farther than I had anticipated and with only one vehicle with my wife and I, it was ultimately why I left Amazon. ", " Amazon was a great warehouse to work in. A lot of diverse and friendly people. The benefits were great and so was the pay. the supervisors and ambassadors were flexible and understanding. ", " Peter-principal management. Entry-level inexperienced managers rarely move up in Amazon. Idea of an incentive program is to pay-off employees to leave (after surviving 2 yrs), not mentioning that voluntary resignation saves $$ on unemployment compensation. Stock pay incentives largely unattainable. HR &amp; on-site managers have little understanding of working with people, uncaring and disconnected due to high employee turnover they encourage. Little or no opportunity to training or advancement into more appropriate functions for for employees. Biased selective process. Dates include 3 peak Christmas seasons ISS/Amazon. ", " I haven't been there long enough. Typically the hours drag for overnight shift once it gets to 3 am... Be careful during hours that are late the tiredness makes you a bit unbalanced in the packing areas. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " fun but the staff treat you like slaves there way ofd working was horrible constamtly on your back any mistakes made by somone else was put on you ect ", " It was my responsibility to collect customer orders, insure that the items were in good condition and undamaged, and send them along to the next step in the process. ", " Amazing pay, amazing people, amazing experience. its hard work but its so worth the pay at the end of the week. The training is very good and helpful and helps you do your work easily. ", " It's a really fun place to work at. Also you can learn new things working there. The point system is pretty good. And you start out with some personal time off. ", " I like when everyone is in a good mood in the warehouse it makes it that much easier to work.It can become tedious if your not prepared other than that I had fun working with them ", " fun work place,meeting new people from all backgrounds and culters .learnig how to use hand held scanners also getting to know how a warehouse operates from receiving goods,picking,packing,and shipping to the customer ", " Fun and learning, managing diverse people Long work hours and high dedication  Passion for customers Peak periods might be little hectic Managers are easy to talk with ", " Great place to work but the training is needing to be revamped and to be put in actual scenarios.  Training should be updated to go along with all situations you may encounter. ", " The company is a great start and a great place to work for young people trying to gain experience and/or build a career. You are given opportunities to learn, grow and advance your skills in the company and have a relatively good earning potential if you are a good employee with good attendance, stats and leadership qualities. To advance continuously though you need to dedicate yourself to the company and be well known for your work and involvement initiatives with their hardcore 'leadership principles'. Management varies from department to department but one thing is clear - your working hours and shifts are controlled by the company so you need to be able to be flexible with regards to your own personal and family life. Some managers are good and some not so good, Seller Support is probably a department to stay away from although the pay is good, the expectations are ridiculous, the rules draconian and always changing and increasing. AWS is probably one of the most sought after positions with a good reputation in management, working hours and general good office vibes. The building is situated in a nice quiet part of town, in Gardens with the gym and Wembley Square right next to the building and has nice views. ", " the job is very easy. The associates are all hard workers and the pay is even better. Its very easy to learn how to operate the order picker. Its very easy to grow throughout the cmpany. ", " it was a very nice place to work. if your looking for fast employment and good pay you should got apply  they where very helpful they will work with you as far as your work hours and transportation and you can move up in the company if you would like to as well ", " Making up customer orders, using hand held remote scanners to locate various items to prepare them for shipment.  Working in a very busy warehouse environment. ", " every thing is over a computer and their are no people to talk to, you ask were your check is and they have no answers. i have had to fight to get a check through a second party. ", " Typical day at work would be managing workflow for 80+ employees, and making sure that customer orders are fulfilled in a timely manner.  What I learned at Amazon.com was that nothing stays still, something always has to be modified even if it works perfectly. Also, I got to experience different backgrounds and cultures as well. Management in Amazon.com is a hit or miss. Sometimes you could get amazing managers and sometimes you would get the \"Pawn it off on someone else\" type of managers. The hardest part of the job would be learning new people by name since the turnover rate is EXTREMELY HIGH for amazon.com. The most enjoyable part of the job would be meeting new people and help furthering others in their career path. ", " Amazon where do i start ? Amazon isn't a good place to work. The employees,disrespectful managers. I didn't like working at amazon. People were disrespectful. ", " schedule was 7:30am-6pm Thurs-Sun. I had two 15 mins breaks  and then a 30 mins lunch break. I was tired, stressed and i felt like a slave. hated it ! ", " Great place to work laid back atmosphere friendly staff and employees,clean working environment team driven employees working hand in hand in order for completion of duties ", " I used to work for security at Amazon and their loss prevention system is a joke. Things were walking out all over the place and their own loss prevention team would not listen. As for Amazon workers their working conditions were very poor. They used to get two 15 minute breaks and 1 half hour. It could take them as much as 5 minutes to get from where they worked to the canteen not leaving much time for any break ", " I have been with Amazon for over a year and a half and would recommend working there to my  friends and family.  It has been a pleasure working with my team ", " Amazon was a lot of physical work. A typical shift at work involves walking 20-25 miles, meeting a required rate, and making sure the quality of your shipments is perfect. Management was great, they were also pushing the workers to do the best they can without being too harsh on us. The hardest part of the job was the physicality of it: lifting, bending, walking for 10 hours wears your body down fast. The most enjoyable part of the job was knowing what was expected of you and that sense of joy and accomplishment you feel when you exceed those expectations. Amazon would not hesitate to recognize hard work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The only way to make it thru Amazon is stick to yourself. Working for 10 hours straight can take something to get use to. Strike rules and a lack of communication skills throughout the company. ", " Want fast money this is the place to go. Is fast paced and can be grueling, but if you enjoy keeping busy this is the place to go. ", " I loved working there, they treat you like family, accepted my kids as part of their family and treat their employees amazingly. I would recommend this place to others in a heartbeat and would go back to working there if the opportunity presented itself. ", " My Job is Stowing and putting away Items into bins   what I have learned:  I have learned many ways to stow in a bin and that Amazon has everything..  Management: Management is a great team that helps you through issues through out the day depends on the person and there way of doing things..  My Co-workers: there nice and work as a team even when we are stowing.  the hardest part about my job: its not very hard but the hours of the job is at Night... the others hard part about my job is trying not to shop while I am stowing...  the Most enjoyable about my Job is that i get to see new things that come in... ", " Great company Great benefits Tedious work Low Pay compared to their profitability Disappointing that they have the opportunity to be so much more, however it is next to impossible to be able to move up within the company as a Baby Boomer ", " Stood all shift Required to pack object at a certain speed everyday  I learned quality is key to a successful company and to always make it right My coworkers were awesome and very helpful when I first started Most enjoyable part about my job was getting better each day. ", " great place to work get paid and unpaid time off and vacation paid time as well you work around different people the management is very nice ", " It is part time position where the work is easy and the staff and employees are friendly. They let you pick up other shifts and the pay is great with some benefits. ", " Its a good place to work. Fun and exciting to work in a good environment.It's fast pace and well organized to find work. well ventilated and friendly staff. ", " Amazon was a very interesting place to work. As a picker, they have us constantly walking nonstop for nearly 10 hours. We have to meet a certain quota or rate and make sure items are picked efficiently and consistently to meet that rate. My co-workers were awesome. I am glad to have met many of them. The hardest part of the job was doing the same repetitive actions for ten hours straight. It eventually gets to you and makes you feel like a robot. The most enjoyable parts of the job are when we have competitions. I think it really makes working there a lot more fun. ", " I answer questions that associates ask, help out on the computer. I also help out in the amcare with translating.  I help the supervisor when they need help with associates. ", " I loved working here driving the stand up reach and the sit down forklift. it put my mind at ease and focused me on my task. nothing about this job was hard. ", " The work here is fast paced but equally combined with fun and very good management.New tasks for you almost everyday and so much to learn. ", " Managers were nice and created a safe work environment I learned how important it was to create satisfied customers by handling each order with care my co-workers were great to get along with hardest part of the job was being on my feet for 10-11 hours a day the most enjoyable part of the job was getting a good work-out and accomplishing goals ", " Manager's constantly come around &amp; push you to do more. Doing 4 10's are very difficult, but also having 3 days off are nice. I would not recommend working for this company. ", " Good working environment, however, it catered to the younger population.  A typical day involves continuous movement in one area.  There are standard breaks and 30 minutes for lunch.  We had a fair amount of team meetings per week.  Being isolated can be challenging when working in one area...making friends with boxes.  I enjoyed the diversification of the staff. ", " good place to work safe area quick learning great management and good team good staff and friendly coworkers great hours ", " Have to be willing to work long hours on your feet. Management is cool. Fast pace environment. Great benefits. I love the job! ", " The job was pretty basic being a stower. Just putting items away at a fast pace with little to no mistakes. But the only catch was there was no job security. Multiple people would be fired daily because they couldn't meet the high demands of the company. the shifts are long and you aren't allowed to talk to anyone the entire 12 hour shift. ", " This management staff is the worst you only get promoted through favoritism. The work load varies some jobs are worse than others but no matter where you are your day will drag on forever. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Started as seasonal help. Wish it could have been permanent. Would work there again if available. Team manager was very supportive and a great help. ", " That was one of my best jobs . It was so refreshing to work with the staff and all the clients that attended our community. I would definitely go back if offered another position,. ", " Overall a great transitional job, but not a secure job, you are always replaceable in their eyes. Hard work is not recognized enough and slackers are allowed to cheat the system with little to no punishment. ", " I enjoyed most days at work because I worked along side other hard working individuals accomplishing same goal getting packages out timely, and efficiently. I learned that sometimes accomplishing the company goals are more important than an individuals needs or preferences. Management for my specific area was great, the supervisor listened to ones needs without bias, tried to be fair. My coworkers were great, I trained many of my co workers, many went on to be supervisors, or in management positions. The most enjoyable part of my job at Amazon was having the opportunity to be an Ambassador, which is a trainer for large amounts of employees at peak season. This was very rewarding for me. ", " Amazon is a great place to make money, the only things that i really had a problem with are the badge issues they had and the pay issues they had. they still owe me money from my last paycheck. ", " Easy work, long days. Got fired for stupid reasons, when others get away with the problem I had. They need to get more together sometimes they were changing overtime back and forth. ", " Everyday is very busy. They are willing to cross train you in different area's for you to be a well rounded person in the facilities. Management is great. ", " Good place to work if you need quick money and love your days off. Management doesn't really like to help you in your needs. Hardest part of the job was keeping up with rates and making sure you're hitting rate or else you will always be bothered by management saying your're not doing your job. ", " The work/life balance was not there. Always had to clean up after day shift making the work load worse. Most enjoyable part was growing with the associates from the very first day of launch. ", " Been working there for almost 2 years, I enjoyed the experience I learned there but it's time to move on to something different.  Management has changed, changing the overall mood of the shift I'm in and progressively became less enthusiastic to come into work.  I would have recommended this job when I first started out, but not anymore unless you really need that extra cash. ", " A normal day at work is quite long 10h per day plus 2 extra for transport so is eating your time. I learned how to comunicate, how to make myself pleasent to the other people because there are people comming from around 50 countrys. The hardest part of the job is that involves heavy lifting objects and is generaly a fisical job. The most enjoyable thing about this job is that you can make a lot of friends and everyday you get to know a lot of new people. ", " Place is full of hard workers.  Management is very friendly.  I have learned to meet and exceed rate expectations.  Hardest part of the job is you can not switch schedules.  Most enjoyable part of the job is, how everyone is very friendly and willing to work with each other. ", " Fast pace needed to maintain required quoted.  10 hours days are long with only two 15 minute breaks.  Lots of walking needed for job.  Great benefits and good working conditions. ", " This company is good if you already have a degree and/or pushing towards one. However they have a good way of making you stay by bringing up promotion, but never really give you the opportunity to learn and grow with the company. ", " Co-workers are very friendly when you can talk to them. This is a very loud work environment due to multiple conveyors running. You are not allowed to take your cell phones into the building which encourages you to get to know your coworkers. ", " 4-5hrs a day scanning packages, stacking on a pallets,  wrapping them down or open or closing pallets. I learned how to work a pallet jack, water spider, and a scanner, management is okay, its like high school with the co- workers. Hardest part of the job was working on the source slide, you are basically receiving all the packages and jiffies, big and small down a slide and throwing them down the correct slide according to letter, enjoyable part getting paid $10.25 and hr on a part time job ", " The management at amazon was not very good at all. It was like working in a sweatshop. Amazon doesn't care about it's employees. ", " All in all like the work and coworkers in my department. Management takes favorites and treats employees unequally. Also unfair promotion opportunities. ", " Very productive workplace although very isolated here isn't much socializing except on breaks other than that it was also really quiet ", " Amazon is always growing and making new changes for the better. It's a very fast paced environment with plenty of new things to learn if your the type of person who likes a challenge. I've learned a lot about the in's and outs of how to run a successful business in my short time with the company. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " work as part of team sorting, picking, packing, scanning and loading items for delivery in a very fast. the work is challenging but fun ", " Called and emailed the customer filied papers made copy  boss was to easy going  the employees were very friendly and loved worked there ", " Amazon is a very good organised company that takes proper care of their employees. The company pays well and has one of the largest warehouse. I enjoyed a lot working at Amazon. The company also helps you in improving you performance. ", " A typical day working at Amazon is filled with success, excitement, adversity, and fulfillment. As a Process Guide/Process Assistant I am responsible with assisting pack associates with their problem solving issues, assisting in meeting their rates according to a metric system, and informing them of any changes or adjustments implemented by the standing Area manager. I learned how to effectively communicate with associates, team leads, and other personnel. I learned how to support others and help them effectively navigate through adverse situations. Management is effective in that they delegate assignments effectively and they often help problem solving issues related to the job. The hardest part of the job is just maintaining your energy and focus throughout a typical shift in order to achieve department goals. The most enjoyable and exciting part of the job is achieving departmental goals as a unit. ", " easy to adapt to and very fast pace. great pay for service . they do not over work you. it was not a difficult work place at all . ", " I used to work for security at Amazon and their loss prevention system is a joke. Things were walking out all over the place and their own loss prevention team would not listen. As for Amazon workers their working conditions were very poor. They used to get two 15 minute breaks and 1 half hour. It could take them as much as 5 minutes to get from where they worked to the canteen not leaving much time for any break ", " Selling on Amazon is great! You work at your pace and publish as much or as little as you want. I have learned how to create eBooks as well as the do's and don't's of promotion. If you don't know a lot of people or have much money, promotion can be difficult. However, you can publish on Amazon from home, and the representatives are very helpful when needed. The greatest part about selling on Amazon is, you are your own boss. ", " Each day was different, never boring. Really enjoyed working there. Management was upfront and forward. Set you up for success. Would go back if possible. Clean, well maintained nice working culture. ", " i put product in designated locations in warehouse to store them till orders are placed then pickers pull product to be shipped same job everyday ", " long hours, always working never have down time. Great place to keep busy. Work 10 hours a day for four days with three days off. Great place to meet new people and get along with men and women ", " Working for Amazon was a great experience for me. The job offered lots of overtime and the people were fantastic. I would recommend anyone to seek employment with the company. I would definitely return. ", " Amazon culture is great they teach a lot about leadership. They are always concern about safety first and that is the most important thing at the end of the day. make history and have fun and work hard. ", " It is a Huge turn over company. I enjoyed working there but when you find your niche to stay in that area Management move to much so things are confusing at times. I did enjoy working there very converse and people were great there. ", " its like a big family everyones the pace is fast and hard you just have to stay on task I love working there and would go back anytime ", " You are surrounded by aot of new people so you make friends quickly. The coworkers are helpful and make sure you are included in all company activities ", " Expectations are set too high. Not enough support from management. No recognition for accomplishments. Physically and mentally draining. ", " fast pace work environment, on your feet, can not sit down, bathroom breaks are frown upon. you are constantly being monitored ", " Treated like a number and not a human being. And it's bit what to know, it's who you know.  Punished for having more than 1 day off for family emergencies. Very bad company to work for. ", " Have been working in this company for almost years now and all I can say is Amazon is simply amazing. I never become what I am now if not because of leadership trainings Ive gone through. Theres a lot more to say ", " I worked four ten hour days for the workweek. I performed quality audits on warehouse associates, and processed customer returns. It was very fast paced with friendly co-workers. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", "  \tPreparing and packaging merchandise for shipment   \tPerformance promotion to Water Spider  \tStocking and maintaining packaging 26 packaging stations   \tMaintaining packaging each station\u2019s machines and cleanliness ", " Work 10 hour shift for 4 days accept for seasonal 5 days 11 hours shift. They are always room for advancement..Co- workers are easy to get a long with because we understand the job. Standing all day tends to leave body sore. Winning prizes for power hour. ", " If you want to change anything in the company, you can voice your idea and they can make the change. If you do not show off, ideas can be easily be used by someone else to take the credit for their own advancement. Building a great team can be easily be brought down by the wrong manager for not knowing what they are getting themselves into. Military background discriminated against what they have done in the past instead of showing pride and help for fellow veterans. ", " Working at Amazon was a great and wonderful  experience. I had fun, made history, and met new friends. Amazon is a wonderful place to work in. The men and women who work there are indeed fantastic! Such hard working people! ", " Amazon offers a great benefits package, If you can get past all the drama, favoritism, and lack of concern that they are running you into the ground, its  not a bad place to be. The work is easy but the demands of rate and expectations can sometimes be more than even the best employees can fulfill. ", " Professional, laid back, Great environment. Can be hectic when trying to walk. Great benefits. Awesome staff. Overall a good place of employment. ", " Amazon is a nice place to work. I just wanted to say that it was a very nice place to work and I would recommend to all my friends to go there to work. I just hated that I was fired. I really like what I was doing ", " Only worked in the packing department, so I can't say how it's like for the other departments. Managers have always treated me well. Work went by fast. It's too bad there was a high turnover rate. ", " 12 hour shifts 4 day work week I manage 250-300 associates for the outbound department Analyze shift performance and volume  Analyze quality and productivity feedback of associates ", " only issue is management not being trained properly creating a negative working environment. although management was not the best it was still a great working experience with a lot of great people. I learned fast and had many opportunities to advance within the company. ", " Great first time job. You learn the importance of teamwork and learn leadership skills. Amazon met great people wish there was more options in shifts. ", " Working at Amazon is not a bad experience however there in not much room for growth. The workers are friendly and easy to get along with. We have some fun but at this time l am working only part time ", " I really enjoyed the work environment at Amazon. Every morning before each shift there was \"Stand Up\" which included multiple stretches and an over all production summary of our specific department. The managers and leaders/coaches were very friendly and personable. I felt as ease when coming to them with any questions or concerns. Same goes for co-workers, very helpful and friendly. The hardest part about my job was the constant sitting and standing due to me being in my third trimester of pregnancy. ", " Good working environment . I learned that the British system work knows stimulate the worker to achieve higher performance. Very happy with the work . Perhaps the most difficult was to do 60 hours a week in high season, but the conditions and the working environment was very nice, helped you achieve the goal. ", " A typical day for me started on Wednesday and ended on Saturday(7:00AM-5:30PM) - back half shift. A lot of my day was spent at a station, unless I was training people because I was also an ambassador or if I was decanting. Being at one station for 9-10 hours and moving, maybe, 10-15 steps per hour by yourself, unless you enjoy that kind of thing, really does get boring and allows a larger margin for error. Due to the task being fairly simple, feeling like your mind can wander really can cause problems. Especially when you disregard the one-piece flow that is very heavily preached.   Being at Amazon, I've come to learn that you really do need a village, each and every step of the way, to make other steps in the fulfillment life work. Also, there really is a lot going on in the background that no one realizes when they order from Amazon. The process is pretty great.   Maybe it was just because my building is new but the management was pretty disorganized. We were 3 months into our launch and our AMs were still getting shuffled between back half, front half, waterfall and etc. But for the lucky AMs that didn't have to get shuffled every few weeks, it was nice to have them. They're very knowledgeable and they do try their best to accommodate to whatever issues you're having. They aren't pushovers but they are very helpful.  The hardest part of the job was probably having so much information crammed into my head the first few days of employment and then having to meet the crazy high rates. I was \"coached\" COUNTLESS times on stowing liquids because they kept changing how they ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> wanted it stowed. Every time I put in some liquid, and AM from who knows which department would come by and tell me to do it differently. I finally got fed up and told FOUR AMs how frustrating it was - I was met with \"We should really leave it to the discretion of the stower because it's a case-by-case scenario.\" Which sounds reassuring but really isn't. Also the breaks/travel time is crazy. I was in a 4 level building and there were 3 break rooms( 1st floor, 3rd floor, loading dock). If you're able to get to the 1st or 3rd floor BR easily, lucky you. The 1st and 3rd floor BRs are the only ones with decent food that also take cards. The loading dock is cash only, insanely tiny, and is by no means similar to the other BRs. During your 15 minute breaks, your time is docked as soon as you leave your station. A lot of the time, your station is a 4-5 minute walk TO the break room. That time is docked from your 15 minute break. So if it takes you 5 minutes to get there, it'll take you 5 minutes to get back - giving you only 5 minutes for your break. \"Why not just hang out around your station?\" Well, my friend, that's a no-no. They don't like for people to work through their breaks or to even hang out around stations because the breaks are mandatory. There's also no place to sit in the building unless you're in a break room, an office, or the bathroom. Utilize your breaks to the best of your ability, best of luck!  I'm pretty sure that the most enjoyable part of my job was being able to ambassador new employees or being able to decant. Why? Being able to move around and speak to other employees really did make the job move by quicker and it made the job more enjoyable. I'm not sure if decanting is even being practiced anymore but honestly, I think it should be. It's a VERY simple process but it speeds things up for stowers that handle the product next. ", " I will say this, if you like the 4 day work week like I do that's my plus. And benefits from day one, such as time off paid, unpaid and vacation. However, if they put you in ICQA you are at the bottom of the totem pole and do not matter, as we generate no money for rhe company. Getting out of a dept is nearly impossible. My biggest issue right now, is found out if you have been written up for something employee not told until possible a month after. Hiw can you defend yourself a month later? How can yoy know what you were doing? You can't. This needs to change along with kid managers with no answers!! ", " I supplied my co workers with product for shipments or orders, and I also stocked the product. I enjoyed working in there, there was always there to help in any way they possible could if I had any problems or questions, the hardest part of the job was that they were not very flexable with the fact that most people had families and me being a single mom sometimes I had things to tend to with my daughter. ", " Amazon is a fast paced warehouse.  I love work ing there because the time just flies by.  I took extra care of the products because I envisioned myself getting the packages and I would like nice and neat packages. ", " Decent atmosphere once you first arrive but a very rigorous expectation. Management does shuffle a lot so always be prepared to meet someone new. I have learned a lot about management and logistics in how to operate in a fulfillment center. ", " Amazon is based more for the young intry level type, not for people with families and other jobs, the hours are long and feel very unproductive,I never feel a sence of acomplishment. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Very friendly people would love to work there again alot of hours to work there the pay is also good, also would recommend to new poeple to work there. ", " I had a manager that hired me that was dynamic and intelligent but the person I report to is very demanding so it only takes one person to ruin it for such a great company.  I worked so hard, and I was a producer but this person us jealous of my success so it is time to move on.  It is a shame because I really like everyone there but she is holding me back from moving into other teams. ", " Everything about the job is fun a typical 10 hour shift consist of getting 100K units out a day managing 10-20 associates to maintain a work balance. There is nothing hard about the job its constant physical work with many different personalities. ", " My time here has been good so far its just some things I wish could change. For instance longer breaks. But the co-workers are good people, management is good. Hardest part about working is standing for 10-12 hour shifts. ", " training was hard to understand as the tutors didn't speak English well and couldn't completely understand the questions asked ", " its very hard job. very big company every week new people. if you working in agency you did-int know wen they fired  you   but if you working for amazon its good and good money ", " I loved my environment for the simple fact I got to work alone; they offer great benefits for you and your family and they are flexible with your schedule. ", " Stressful work environment with unfair managers and hours that were unbearable and hr representatives that didn't care about the associates health which required myself to leave after i got injured at work ", " A typical day working at Amazon is simple and repetitive work for long hours through the day. What you learn working here is how a warehouse system operates. You also learn several different warehouse jobs as well. Everyone is well versatile working there. The management at Amazon is well organized and are willing to help you as best as they can. There are some co-workers there where you can make some friends but most of the time you are isolated and being by yourself. The hardest part of the job is just dealing with the very long hours they give you from 10 hours to 14 hours of work. The most enjoyable part of this job is the money you can make. ", " shipping department is a very busy job, packing on an hourly basis at a rate of 180 units and shipping out a volume of 1800 units per day. very nice co-workers and managers.Everyone is really nice and treats you with respect. ", " Working in Amazon gave me valuable and good experience. Working with people in this place was fun and enjoyable. Typical day at work started early in the morning and ended in the evening. I have my own car so it wasn't a problem to reach my workplace. Everything was quite easy as I am responsible and not afraid of work. ", " you clock in and do your job then you go home simple and easy. but the work load can be overwhelming.  also when going through temp they can let you go at any time. ", " All in all like the work and coworkers in my department. Management takes favorites and treats employees unequally. Also unfair promotion opportunities. ", " Amazon is a great place to work if your looking for something stable and compensation is good for an entry level job. opportunity for career advancement and lots of enjoyable job roles. management is effective and reliable. Fun people to work with. the most difficult part of this job is repetitive actions and hours per day 10 hour shift's or 11 when on overtime. best part of this job is you wont be bored and the teamwork you will find working here creates a truly motivating work place. ", " working at amazon is pretty normal some days if they need you in other areas of the building and you've been trained they will send you there to work. its gets pretty hot because you're always moving. making rate is pretty easy. the people that work their are pretty nice. will help you with anything. the hardest part is standing up for 10 hour straight. but i did enjoy learning new areas and having the highest rate you could leave early or when it was no work getting off early. ", " Job is generally easy, it's as simple as 1-2-3 but 12 1/2 hours shifts which im not even sure if legal. it kills you, then they make unrealistic goals such as 1200 picks in a day. Yeah that would be easy if each pick had 50 items like some lucky people got but then it would send you all the way to the other side of the building to pick 1 item then all the way back for another.  It was pathetic and a joke but i suppose if you're desperate this is where you'd end up. ", " I temporally worked there from 2013-2014 starting at the month of October 2013 to January of 2014. Also from October 2014 to February 2015. It had a good pay and if hired full-time offered health care benefits. I usually sit in one spot for either receiving and also shipping. In other occasions I moved around in the warehouse and did other works in the building: Organizing, transfer of items, stocking for transfer, and small item shipping. ", " Good supervision and management The salary is good for a warehouse operative Friendly co workers Standing for long hours may be the difficult part of the work But a lot of concentration lets time pass by quickly without any tiredness. ", " This place is a slave shack. They want work, work, work, and thats it. They dont are if your sick, have family issues, or you are on your death bed.. ", " Predicable work day but can be stressful with some unrealistic expectations from management. Easy going associates, but can become complacent. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This is a great job with a good team, lots of training and learning involved from prep items to reviving stock that is then distributed to other facilities ", " Loved it. Plan on returning next year if still unemployed. Enjoyed Staff very cohesive group, Great benefits. I liked the Supervision firm and fair, I highly recommend working here. ", " little pay and messy management. no motivation towards the employees, people worry about whose sleeping with who instead of the well being of the company. ", " Not much needed to review this job. Basic seasonal work required working in both shipping and receiving. I did have problems with my first 2 checks being processed correctly. HR wasn't very helpful. You have to contact corporate. ", " It's hard work with little rewards.  Amazon makes excuses for not giving raises, (this year it was a 27 minute video) once you top out that's it no more raises, and most people top out in two years.  Yet upper management gets one every year.  If you excel in production you may get compensated, ha! ha!  Their compensation is a half hour UNPAID time off, and you get this only if the management team wants to give them out.  Or you can use the certificate to purchase Amazon swag.  Many associates get over 100% production and get nothing for it, so the morale there is stifling.   The unemployment department considers this a hostile work environment how sad is that. ", " Terrible culture which begins with Human Resources and Management which have put policies in place to favor Amazon without any regard for the employee. No flexibility at all to accommodate work schedule or shifts and the overall environment is very negative. It feels at times like a modern day sweat shop while simultaneously feeling like you are in a prison! ", " Managers work 11-12 hours for a normal 10 hour shift, four days a week. During Peak (mid-Oct thru Dec) shift increases to 12 hours meaning managers are now work 14+ hour days and days worked eventually increase to six days per week. Amazon spends four weeks to train new employees, but little of the training teaches you how to do your job. Final two weeks are when a manager is supposed to mentor you, but few managers give any real effort to this (see hours worked above). Most coworkers are cooperative and work together. Associates generally work fairly hard, but push to meet rate can become distracting. Difficult to get senior management to acknowledge when you put best workers on difficult task resulting in lower rate ", " Lots of people with different ideas and very innovative,advance when coming to packaging and determining which products go from one place to another. ", " I enjoyed my time and job at amazon, it was challenging yet fun. I like most of my managers.  The hardest part of my job was all the walking it required.  Singles was my favorite job. ", " A typical day at work involves answering phone inquiries from customers where one is somewhat empowered to resolve issues on behalf of the customer. This is helpful. ", " long hours, always working never have down time. Great place to keep busy. Work 10 hours a day for four days with three days off. Great place to meet new people and get along with men and women ", " Amazon is a good company to work for. They offer benefits to their full time employees and compensation if needed. Work ten hour shifts so you work 4 days on and 3 days off. ", " Starting off with group meeting; which include any updates that employees should be aware of.  Fast pace  Management is available to talk, has well as HR during the shift. Self starter Working overtime on 10 hour work schedule  Positive feedback, awards, group achievements, pizzas party, and fun day with candies, ", " Management is flawed, the hours are long, and there is no appreciation for your work or compensation for uncovering dangerous items on the shelves. ", " amazon wasn't bad i just hated that i had to work from 5pm till 3 in the morning. i worked sunday-wednesdayh which wasn't bad but i missed most of my nights. the work was very boring and repetitive. the managers were fair and very easy to get along with . ", " The managers all wk together. The job itself is really easy. The hr team is very patient with things that r going on in your life ", " Able to use initiative and prioritie workload . Work well in a team or on my own . Good eye for detail. Able to work under pressure.Able to follow instructions. ", " The experience was life changing. The managers were not as profession as I`d hoped. My co-workers was amazing to work with. The hardest part of my job was dealing with my managers. ", " my agency were fantastic to work for  I enjoyed my job liked the fast pace also great help available always had opertunity to progress ", " Although at times the work can be overbearing and the hours can be draining, I loved working at Amazon and would recommend it to anyone seeking employment. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " My workday begins with me getting there 15-20 minutes early. I go to the morning meeting and then go to my work station. I check my emails and notes from the day before. I get along with all of my coworkers and managers. I like to learn at work. The more you learn the higher up you can go in a company. I think the most enjoyable part of my job is getting as much work finished as I can while doing it proficiently. I like working with people. The only challenge I find everyday is clock watching. I feel like the busier you are all day rhe faster time goes. ", " I enjoyed working there but to a point. They didn't give you very long to go on a break, I got shouted at for not clocking off when I did and there is CCTV to prove that. If you have a day off and they change roles you have no idea where you're supposed to go if you're new. Co-workers were okay, friendly and supportive. ", " 7:00am to 5:00pm I learned to pick pack drive a forklifts management issuing out assignments great co-workers walking 15 miles or more while picking on the floor coaching other employee, being able to respond to emergency  as a EMT-B ", " 10 hour shifts. High turnovers. Decent pay Unhelpful HR staff Uncaring management This company is so customer driven that they completely do not care about the employees.  If the employees are not happy, how can the company please the customer? ", " The work/life balance was not there. Always had to clean up after day shift making the work load worse. Most enjoyable part was growing with the associates from the very first day of launch. ", " I personally don't wish to speak about my time at Amazon, namely due to the fact that it is responsible for a few nightmares from what we carried in that building. ", " Amazon is a good to place work at. And the benefits are great with the type of work I was doing. Also they don't overwork you and hurry you up unless your going exponentially slow. ", " A company that has many benefits but consider the employee as a roboot. no sense of humanity It is a multinational company but have no meaning, they enact one things in the area of human resources and when present in the area producion is quite different. If you have good profits but also the employee trafficking. ", " I enjoyed working for this company. Besides the manual labor that can be physically challenging at times there was alot of incentives and bonuses for employees. ", " Grate partime job big competition. It hard to get of hold of ani one when ever you ned help or have cuestiins al they do is email yuo generate email. ", " management needs upgraded and replaced, seems all over the place. not family friendly, work most holidays, it is a place that demands a lot of labor ", " There is nothing but drama, drama, drama, backstabbing at this place i mean you have a CEO who is the 3rd richest man in the united states and we work for pennies! Ive been employed almost 5 years and just this week got a 75 cent raise so i make 13.75, but new employees starting are making 11.50 to 12.00 and they just started, does anyone see a problem with that? We have a very big turn over especially MANAGEMENT most of the are kids and dont have a clue! AMAZON cares about its customers, but as far as its employees they dont care how much time we are away from our familes, terrible attendance policy, try to limit our time to go on a BATHROOM BREAK! They claim they do so much for us, we work for everything we are entitled to like our stocks we are given but we have to pay the taxes on them, so basically we are paying for them twice we have to work for them then pay the taxes on them. Our HR department is a joke they are not nice and hateful! You ask a ? And you will get 20 different answers, or i dont know i will have to get back to you ( weeks later) ", " Horrible working conditions, coworkers and myself were constantly ill, goals were unrealistic. The company basically expects you to work until you bleed. Do yourself a favor and stay far away from this place. ", " The workplace was fun I came in everyday and there was always a different experience. With mangers that are very kind and understanding. ", " face paced work place, great coworkers, large rush from the high school across the street. overall good learning experience. ", " the management and workers are really friendly and it makes it nice to wake up everyday and go to work because you know that you will have a great day. ", " The job hours were reasonable. Overtime was always available. I was working through a temporary agency so benefits were not provided. The pay was not decent. ", " Adequate place to work. Needed job I could start quick. Management is friendly, hours are horrible, money is average for a hourly position. No job is too difficult in the whole warehouse, pretty easy going ", " Ok place to work hard going but can learn on various positions find your strengths and weaknesses. Co workers are friendly but not very forthcoming to make you welcome. Hardest part of the job is the walking for more than 10 hours. There s not much to enjoy as your on the go all the time. ", " I worked here as a temporary employee thru Kelly Service. I got to meet the human resources team. They introduced me to the task that are required for the hiring process. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " just wish had a branch in Bolton and was close to home and it was permanent like there shift 4 on 3 days of good atmosphere and a friendly environment. ", " Scan packages, stack the onto a pallet, wrap the pallet, and move the pallet to the correct spot so that it could be loaded on to a truck for delivery. ", " Expectations are set too high. Not enough support from management. No recognition for accomplishments. Physically and mentally draining. ", " I love the work environment. I enjoy going to work with people that want you to succeed. The work is not as hard as people say. ", " Amazon trains you for whatever job you are placed in. I was a warehouse forklift operator. Many different schedules to choose from. Great second job or retirement. You do have to make a quota of the products you are picking, Shipping, or stowing. I needed a little more pay. Large give away at Christmas, such as complete computer systems, LGE screen TV. and Tablets. ", " If you want to learnn new things daily and actually have them give you real one on one and indepth training this is the place to go i learned so much there i wish i could go back to this company i was a fool to leave and i wish i never did ", " An absolutely rubbish place to work.....I got disciplined for not being able to arrive on time when I clearly stated that I was going to be late on that particular day 2 weeks previously, and reminded the agency numerous times. I was promised work after xmas only to be told 2 days later that i wasn't needed anymore, about 10 minuted from the end of my shift....nice timing 4 day before xmas. Basically lied to me.  Very short break times (2 x 15min morning and afternoon and 1 x 30 min for lunch) for long hours and absolutely backbreaking work for little or no praise /thanks, moral very low, no communication. Felt like I was a machine, not a person.  Never apply to work for these lot, you'll regret it. ", " Committed to analyzing production costs and conducting extensive testing to determine the feasibility of engineering specifications. ", " Time is a component quantity of various measurements used to sequence events, to compare the duration of events or the intervals between them, and to quantify rates of change of quantities in material reality or in the conscious experience. ", " Liked working here It is a good company to move up in and the management is really nice. I would reccomend this job to anyone looking for a good dependable job ", " The pricing engine is connected to Customer Relationship Manager (CRM) such that customers can sign-in and get access to their own special pricing. ", " Generally, is a fun working environment but management is very unorganized and too much favoritism is in effect. I would recommend other people but they will be aware of the unfair treatment of all. ", " My typical day at work consist of attendance checking, work training employees running label machines for costumer package problem solving and blind audits ", " Fun place to work with flexibility.  Nice break room for the associates.  Great work incentives provided during the busy season. ", " Amazon was very nice to work at, however, the hours were ridiculous as it is a 24 hour contact centre ", "  \tAssisted customers to find the desired product requested. It may be through assisting the sale floors along with placing online orders when required.  \tAnswered incoming calls and called other stores when required.  \tPacked up material that was being sent to another store or placed in storage. ", " Strong employee relationships from the beginning, I had no trouble making friends and feeling welcome from the first second I walked in. Management is friendly, and they get to know you on a personal level. Significantly high amount of safety policies, so you have a safe work environment. Work is fast paced, but if you have an excellent work ethic, you'll have no problem. ", " On a typical day I deal with calls doing technical support for our customers with regards to downloading music,movies and games from our website.  I learnt different ways to troubleshoot software issues and expanded my technical knowledge.  Management works well and allows us to make decisions for ourself with regards to assisting our customers.   My co-workers and me work as as team and gel well like a family to help each other with the work load.  The hardest part of my job would be when you not able to assist a client due to not having enough information from the client to assist them.  The best part of my is the people I work with and the work environment, ", " A typical day at work would be taking inbound calls from UK clientele that are experiencing problems or queries about their Kindle device. I would have to assist customers and keep them happy. Management was proactive and assisted each CSA as far as possible with clear guidelines. Co-workers were easy-going as they culture was  very relaxed one yet productive as well. The most enjoyable part of the job was learning about the corporate culture and being praised for good performance.  The hardest part was probably the long working hours. ", " So much incentives and lots of variety of positions. The managers aren't that great but they can improve. Also being thru the agency isn't so secure. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " They make sure we don't go hungry, offer free snacks sometimes, but spending 11 hours a day for 4 days a week can mentally drain you.... ", " Besides the long hours, the culture is very poor. The only thing that matter is the numbers not the people. I won't recommend no anyone who has a little of respect for a human being to work in this place. The management most likely are people just graduated from University or MBA Programs, they are smart but unfortunately most of them doesnt have people skills, no experience at all developing people. They have a lot of technology, but unfortunately most of the reports are unaccurate. It was a very sad experience for me to discover what it is behind this great company. ", " Amazon is such a great company, but I really feel like they don't care about their employees as much as they say they do. Just my honest opinion...... ", " they pay you great but they need more blocks on down days or something else for the drivers to do. A really great environment of workers. ", " Typical day at work - fast past and moving What I learned - Responsibility to the \"Customer\" Management - Very Positive on a daily basis Co-workers - Energetic and hard working Hardest Part of the job - For me \"there is none\"  Enjoyable part of the job - Knowing that I make a difference ", " Come in, clock in. Get your materials needed for work (normally a scanner). Go to your stand up area, stretch, news for the day, go to assigned area and begin task. At amazon, I learned attendance (one day out was a lot out of paycheck), I learned the important of teamwork, but to be self sufficient at the same time. Management is all how you approach and interact with them. One manager was ok with me, but had problems with others, etc. Coworkers, some of them were honest, hard workers. Others were there really for the paycheck. Hardest part of the day was getting up so early, and 10 hour work shifts. And 6 days straight during peak season...Which entails best part of the job. Peak pay. Especially with VCP. $1100-1500 dollar paychecks. Wonderful, but very physically demanding. ", " its a fun place to work and my co-worker are lively, but the workload is too much at the warehouse I will recommend this job for a male because you will be lifting throughout the shift ", " For me, Amazon was a steady-paying job with benefits.  Amazon was good for what they offered.  However, don't expect much more unless you get into their management program.  They didn't offer many learned career skills.  Plus, they were strict on their policies and didn't tolerate unions.  Most workers had to pick up on other departments' abilities, and seniority didn't matter to them.  I was there for 7-8 years, and I did learn how the internet distribution companies operate.  Upon first arrival, they were somewhat generous with free dinners and handouts.  It wasn't hard to learn the work, but it wasn't easy work if you weren't in good physical shape or had any kind of physical handicap. ", " I enjoyed my time with the company. They offered awesome benefits and everyone there was super friendly. i did not care for the peak season with mandatory overtime. it was just way to much time at work and not enough personal time. I enjoyed working with a wide verity of age and nationalities. I also enjoy the prizes that they had to offer. ", " a fun place to work. i learned a lot from the rf scanners. the management was decent. co-workers were great and er friendly. the hardest part was the constant standing. ", " Many policies prevented actual effectiveness in close-call situations. It seemed to me that these policies almost promoted time being wasted. Disorganization concerning equipment was also a concern to productivity. A practice of promoting new mgmt positions into fields where they had no experience also seemed questionable.  Otherwise, with benefits, a precise overtime schedule and a unique time off system, they were a good company to work for. I'd recommend to anyone. ", " Had lots of fun learning and meeting new people there. Wish I was able to move up within the company but quess it wasn't meant for me. ", " Productive workplace they have a convenient schedule you can pick your shift that you want the staff are very welcoming to everyone ", " First class front ends and amazingly well designed back end databases.  It was incredible to work with the entire retail process via database front ends. ", " Great company like it a lot good money management runs smoothly you mostly work by yourself when you a driver an I like working at my own pace so I can finish early than expected . ", " I would come in and sort various packages into their appropriate location, so that customers are able to receive the items they bought online. ", " good place to work good place to work but they weren't organized and that's something I really don't like but they did have good food and a nice size cafeteria ", " It was a good work place for my  first wok in United Kingdom, I was feeling good and the people are verry gentil wit the begener, but I like to do more experiences . ", " amazon like to be different so everyday you never know if something is going to change, the people I work with are very nice, I don't feel they give enough praise or feedback for the job that is done ", " all the time you have to be concentrated on the situation , to be able to delivery all the parcel on time, and this i enjoy at this job "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day will start at 630 and very likely could extend beyond your end of shift. Its high stress and loud. Management plays favoritism a lot (fortunately I was favored). Some co-workers were awesome and others you question how they made it this far in life. The hardest part of the job is the work life balance. they seem to care very little about you as an individual. The most enjoyable part has been the friends I've made. ", " productive and fun workplace learned how to properly load trucks and delivering of packages management was nice and professional hardest part was the loading of company truck and most enjoyable was making sure customers received the item they have been waiting for. ", " Very fast paced  Must meet and exceed rate Great benefits which include health care and paying 95% of school tuition after working for 1 year Must accept change. They are always implementing new ways of production to ensure orders are shipped correctly and on time. Must be flexible  The hardest part of the job would be the amount of hours worked during peak season which can be 50 to 60 hour work weeks for 2 or more months. The most enjoyable part of the job would be working in such a diverse setting. ", " Great place to work at. You can easily move up the ranks and become an ambassador within your first 3 weeks. Controlled enviroment and friendly staff. ", " warehouse picking and packing, excellent attention ti detail, teamworking, dependable, hard working,.  Streneous work.  Good pay. Working hard at a job. ", " when I worked here I had a lot of different people I worked with and worked for. it was a fast pace job and I had no problem doing my job everyday. I have a lot of skills learned there. ", " A typical work day starts with arranging the associates to appropriate places and work in the system that everything goes through computer. Gained a lot of managerial skills and problem solving. Learned how to use timely decisions and deep dive on problems that arrise on the shift to explain them to senior managment. The most enjoyable part of the work is that I can work with the people and motivate them to come to work and develop them into a new key roles. ", " Is a good workplace, where you can make a lot of money in the busy time, but is not a sure place, I mean it is just temporary, and I prefer a permanent workplace ", " been here for 4 years and the money is good and the benefits, but advancement within the company is not likely. the hours suck, its hot and your stuck doing the same function for 10 hours a day, there is no music being planned. management cares more about crunching the numbers than the well being of their employees. the pay is good, but high turn over rate, the average person doesn't stay longer than two years at the company. ", " This company is good if you already have a degree and/or pushing towards one. However they have a good way of making you stay by bringing up promotion, but never really give you the opportunity to learn and grow with the company. ", " Pleasant, joyful place to work. Although management was not always available to answer a question, they made sure you got what you needed. ", " Engaging and always something to do. Hardest part is walking the warehouse in a day to day's work, although you get used to it. Learnt how to well under pressure. ", " Overall great company just need more dependable  training and support from  peers and leadership and take criticism to better the overall lifestyle within Amazon. ", " During my internship, it's typical to work form 9 to 7 to get daily job done. But in general, it's a very productive environment and I got to develop very cool stuff with cutting-edge technology. ", " Learned how to treat customers by emphasizing and resolving customer's issue.  Treat customer as a friend.  Everyone works as a team. ", " I love it. Easy work and light shifts. I like how it's really diverse and multicultural there.  My experience there was pretty good. ", " The job was fun and easy, never had a problem with any of my fellow employees, shift leaders or managers. If I had the chance I'd probably work there again. ", " First, the benefits packages are incredible and quite affordable. That's pretty well where it stops. Unless you are a people person and can find something to talk about with everyone, you will be bored out of your mind. I rather prefer a little more than scan, count, scan, repeat. You can move up only if you know a much better way to brown nose than I did. There will be people there that care about the way you work, but they typically have little influence over the \"powers that be\" so they won't be able to put in a good word for you. Hardest part of the job is to get anyone to notice you in the first place in order to do some of the more exciting jobs in the building. The culture is only enjoyable due to some of the good people around you. I will say I was lucky and worked under a highly competent manager who actually gave a d*** about her employees. Last but not least, and this is merely one of the better buildings in the network, in three years, you get a dollar pay raise! ", " I enjoyed working for Amazon for the first couple years despite having a salary well below my education and experience.  Constant changes in policy and work practices made development and advancement difficult.  I had the opportunity to work from home which compensated for the cons of the job enough that I stuck with a temporary job outside my usual field for a few years. ", " I learn a lot of things as a staff in amazon in how to operate and communication skill and using drive and scanner and with good quantification, is good working with the company. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Drive forklift, learned how to work a scanner, management bad, good co-workers, getting your rate for the day hardest, enjoyed working with co-workers. ", " A typical day was seeing a high volume of patients with diverse complaints that ranged from a pulled muscle to an MI. Management was very supportive and encouraged me to utilize my education, skill set to grow within the patient. My co workers felt safe, and trusted in me to provide supreme patient care without worry of compromising their privacy. The hardest part of the job was determining that someone was not ready to be released to the floor to work when you know they need to work. The most enjoyable part of the job was the relationships that the job allowed me to build. ", " there is its pros and its cons the customer service expectation is awesome and there is plenty of room for growth within the company ", " A lot of hard work for no recognition and a lot of drama. probably would not go back. would not recommend. worked long hard hours for no recognition ", " Breaks are suppose to be 15minutes, working at Amazon you must race to and from within 10 mins. Same goes for lunch. A lot favoritism, poor management, lack of communication and respect for their workers. Also, you are UNDER PAID, in the Hebron,KY area. Amazon requires too much, for all the hard work you do; while working at least a 10 hour shift. Find another place to work. My opinion. ", " Co only hired New Community college grads with no degree in the filed and no experience and no idea to what they were doing. ", " When i used to work at amazon i learned  how to receive pick tickets from supervisor,reading orders to find out catalogue number, size, colour, and quantity of merchandise,packing and weighing orders,placing incoming items on records, picking customers order for shipping,organising items for pallets ", " When working at amzon you have to be on your toes it's a fast pace environment but they make it safe and fun really enjoyd working with my team at Amazon. ", " good people nice manger good place to work easy work little money always work hard , always they say thank you and always you gonna learn a new skills ", " the hardest part of my jobs the physical work for 10 hours and meeting the required goals each quarter of the shift but I enjoy working with my coworkers and being able to talk while working. The management and the required goals is what has caused me to look for another job. ", " I liked my job, and the company.  However, the management was filled with young kids who had college degrees, but not much life experience.  It made it hard to fulfill my duties. ", " good work environment, had to leave on family issues but would have stayed if I could. typical warehouse job just moving things around and putting things where they should go ", " Amazon is a fast paced environment. Overtime opportunities available in bulk to earn extra cash. A diverse culture and open door policy for addressing issues and management. Long hours per days but more days off- four ten hour days. ", " Though Amazon is a growing company, upward mobility only exists for those straight out of college or former military. The pay is well below industry standard at all levels. Management is typically inexperienced and unguided. Though there are many different schedules to work, Amazon is quite rigid with transfers of shifts and departments. Mandatory overtime is commonplace and there are more than six weeks of black out annually, in which vacation time is not allowed to be used. The education program is a joke as you are only allowed to pursue a handful of career paths, all of which amazon only assists to an associates degree which is useless in almost every field. The hours are long, tedious and physically demanding. Injuries are commonplace but the onsite medical staff is extremely rude and uncaring so most people hide injuries and seek out their own medical care. ", " Love working at amazon it made me even more enthusiastic about working in warehouses making sure the customers get what the ordered on time and in good shape customers are the reason I enjoy working seeing them smile and happy makes me feel good everyday ", " A typical day at Amazon begins at 730 in the morning where all associates gather for stand-up to find out the latest news and updates  and to find out where we will working that day. Since being at Amazon I have learned how to perform certain tasks in ICQA, Inbound, and the learning departments as well as what Amazon considers being safe.Management at times doesn't seem to connect with the associates, but are more interested in the numbers we produce. They do not seem to care that we are obeying all the rules and collecting the right product for the customer-just numbers. My co-workers are awesome by every definition. they work hard consistently, always have a n upbeat attitude, and in general, are just very nice people to have as friends. The hardest part of the job is actually driving to work because I live 45 miles from where i work so that is a ninety mile round trip, but the most enjoyable part of the job I have already mentioned which was working with my friends because as I said before they are in one word-AWESOME!!!! ", " for money its good but its hard to work with amazon because they have productivity system and it can't be my future. Can't work with amazon more than two years. ", " Rude, snide management. Unrealistic expectations. Unfriendly and hostile environment. The worst company I've ever been with. Amazon is the embodiment of corporatism. They do not treat their employees with due respect and the people who they allow to \"manage\" their facilities are the most unprofessional and downright mean people I've ever met. To Hades with Amazon. ", " large company, well known, good pay, hard commute and extended work hours. ever changing evaluations and standards of rating. black out periods of vacation, work as a number not as a person ", " i loved working here was fun and the employee were great the managers where awesome ive worked 12 hour shifts and decided to move back up north....... "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I would not recommend Amazon to anyone. I stood in one place all day long. I am used to being on my feet for ten hours a day, but not in those conditions. No tour on our orientation, just the stops were there was training exercises. ", " After clocking in, you check the duty roster for your name and assignment.  You may be assigned to one area processing large packages. Before the day ends, you may find yourself working 5 or more different areas. There's no (i) in teamwork.  Management is fair.  You come in and do your job and no one bothers you. Co-workers are nice.  Majority do what their supposed to do.  Temperature in warehouse. The sense of fulfillment knowing that you've given 110% of yourself. Some days I'm so engrossed with the job at hand that I don't hear the end of shift bell. ", " I love that I came across this job opportunity when I had. My youngest son had just turned 5 months and I was ready to return back to work but had been worried about leaving my baby so soon. The hiring process went quickly and smoothly, only downside to working from home is you have to travel to complete your I-9 registration.   Once hired and on my first day I began self progressed training, given a \"due date\" to have everything completed by. Easy as pie. Supervisors make it a point to introduce themselves and answer any and every question one could have.   After you have completed the beginning steps of training you are required to do a session of live calls to get a feel for what you are doing while talking to a customer. Following that is another session of training-then that's it!   The hardest part of the work is getting passed the bad days, not every person you talk to will be the most understanding or forgiving.   The most enjoyable part of the job is frankly in my case not having to leave my house and only working for a few hours a day to just a handful a week. I make my own schedule that works for my family. ", " What is like working here: You come in, you work, and you reach your numbers.   What I learn from this job: Lie and brown nose your way to the top. Management loves a snitch. Never go to HR/management with a problem, file your complaints with the HR in Seattle.  Management: Is a joke, they will tell you what you want to hear just to get you off their back.  People who work there: Depends which department you work in but most are good people but hard to trust.  The hardest part of the job: Most gossip you hear in this warehouse ends up being 90% of the time true. Management always confines in leads and leads always tell employees. There is no confidentiality in this warehouse.   The best part of this job: The benefits, the pay is ok. ", " non-employees alike. Never had a i had a job where i was treated so badly. This place is just one of those places that NEEDS a union. ", " Ok overall great friendships bad managers and even worse hr team and LOA team. agreat if you like standing up for 10+ hours a day. ", " good job for first job experience,But pace you are expected to keep could be difficult for older employees,There is no recognition for hard  work and no advancement based on effort.All employees make the same pay regardless of how hard they work or don,t. The company itself has good benefits ,nice lunch facilities, management changes a lot,you never know how long you boss will be there. ", " Everyone including myself gets straight to work in their own little area can be frustrating sometimes standing in one spot that's the hardest part but you get use to it with time. What I enjoy the most working at this job is being able to have your own space . ", " Was always physically demanding and always on a time schedule difficult a lot of the time but equally ok when the staff and management are friendly and are always looking too help. ", " Amazon is good company to work for, but you have to deal with a lot of issues with management.  It is hard to get a promotion. ", " Worked here for 2 years, advanced quickly. Now things are changing new management every month seems like. People were just unhappy. Pay was decent, holiday season was good money but a nightmare 60hrs shift during the holidays but easy money. Met some awesome people tho. Only a few managers care about the people and HR was a mess. ", " Starting off with group meeting; which include any updates that employees should be aware of.  Fast pace  Management is available to talk, has well as HR during the shift. Self starter Working overtime on 10 hour work schedule  Positive feedback, awards, group achievements, pizzas party, and fun day with candies, ", " The people and work environment was really cool.  the hours were great. over-time was always offered. ", " fast place to work at, hit your targets and have nothing to worry about, wich can be done dont and you get points, to meany points and your out, when i was there i had points for having a picking rote that was hoples sending me all over the warehouse but still had a worning so ended up getting the sack ", " the people that work there are easy to get along with but the days are long. the pay at amazon is pretty decent too. but the management chooses favorites to get promotions. ", " Not fun to work at. How to scan and move totes properly. Management did not care for it's employees,nor respects them. Coworkers were extremely nice and kind. Hardest part was to scan 100 items in 2 hours every morning and being told you were not scanning enough items on time. Lunch was the only good part. ", " Seeking employment that could utilize and maximize my skills and knowledge while also giving me a chance to become part of a team, committing towards the goals of the company. ", " if you are not liked the do everything they can to get you out.  What I mean by liked is being friendly with management they dont care how much you are willing to do if you dont kiss up ", " This job is for someone who is hardworking at is able to work at a fast. As long as your coworkers are doing there part you will have a fairly easy day. ", " The actual job is easy but it is very physically demanding therefore it is a very tiring job. By the time you get home you just want to sleep. It is a 10 hour shift which makes it worse, maybe if it was an 8 hour shift it would make it less stressful. By the end of the day everyone is cranky and drained. Managers come and go so any time you get comfortable with your manager they will either get fired or get moved to different shift,  building etc. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I worked at Amazon during peak time. Therefore, the job was very physically and mentally demanding. Overall, an easy job if strong willed in being continuously active. ", " Really good job as I always had something to do and was never put out of work. I learned many positions m the warehouse I also learned how Amazon works as well as the shipping services. ", " Team members Over worked  lack of training  I love the fact that my co workers are able to come together as a team on the daily biases and achieve it goals ", " I would still work here if they would not change the metric requirements. I enjoyed my time with Amazon and made a lot of great job experiences ", " Try many new ideas and hopefully hit a big one. The culture does not value experience engineers with good suggestions. Rather hire new grad and push them to the limit. Focus on speed rather than quality ", " constantly doing something. able to communicate with others and have a relaxing environment filled with people who are there to get the work done and make friends. ", " A typical day at Amazon is very fast paced. Be ready to get straight to work as soon as you walk into the building. I was able to learn many things working here from building great team working skills to even building personal analytical skills. The management from my experience try to create a flexible and evolving environment in setting the goal to accommodate every employee at Amazon. Working at Amazon will enlighten you with some of the coolest co-workers you will ever have. The hardest barrier you will experience working at Amazon is the great amount of walking you will do each day. If you are in the Picking Department, as I was, you will walk at least 10-15 miles per day. The most enjoyable thing about working at Amazon was the opportunity to make extra money. Amazon almost always offers overtime every week, allowing its employees to rack up on extra earnings. ", " Fast pace workplace with music and air conditioning and clean break rooms with flat screen televisions. the bathrooms are clean and have a chart that tells you if you are dehydrated or not. High security when you take your break and lunch and when you go home. Different back grounds and cultures and most of the time everyone gets along. ", " Cruel enviroment but with nice and helpful co workers. It is a hard job where you have to deal with difficult people. The hardest part of the job is that you get payed in base of the NRR. ", " Love the atmosphere overall but can be quite stressful because I was given many tasks at one time and had little to no help ", " Well, lucky me, I had the night shift. Get to work at 5:45 pm and leave at 6:00 am. That took a couple weeks to get used to. They are very cautious there about stealing which is understandable. You swipe your ID card, walk through a metal detector and then grab your scanner. I was a picker, so my scanner was my best friend. Then the night crew all stand in a circle and stretch until the clock strikes 6:00! With the scanner turned on, it tells you were to go in this 500,000 square foot building with tons and tons of different items from toys to condoms to legos to ipods, etc. You grab yourself a cart and place 2 yellow bins, one on top and one underneath. The warehouse is organized by numbers (rows) and letters (columns) and colors, that tell you the intersection of the numbers and letters. All of this is displayed on the scanner. So your job during your 12 hour shift is to go around and retrieve these items and place them in the cart. When the cart is full, its placed on a conveyer belt and dissappears and off with the next box and the next and so on. Sometimes though the scanner says to go to row 2, its scanned and put away and then the scanner says row 134. So now you have to sprint to that area. Now I say sprint because the scanner has a timer on it and it you are not down there with time left then the scanner sends a signal to some dude sitting down somewhere else. You get 2 weeks to get the hang of it but after that they start to write you up. first write up is a warning and the next is your fired! And on top of that, they also expect you to scan a certain number of units ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> per hour. Just so were on the same page. When I first started, I was doing 23 uph (units per hour), Amazon wants you doing 95 - 110 uph.  And let me tell you, expect to sprint 7-10 miles a shift doing the picker job. Thats no joke! Lunch is 30 mins long, you get 2 15 min breaks and thats it. The time starts and stops when the scanner is off and on. So you forgot your lunch in the car. Well it takes 7 mins to get to the entrance, 2 to the car, 2 back to the entrance and finally you get to eat your lunch with 12 mins to spare. ( dont forget about the 7 mins back to the scanner now! haha. They give 2 write-ups and then your fired! So, you work 5 out of the 7 days in a week. They give you a certain number of points for sick days, days you dont want to come in because your feet feel like their going to fall off. Trust me, it will happen. But that passes and before you know it, your doing 105 units per hour!  MONEY12.50 per hour guaranteed 40 hrs per week  20 hrs of overtime 18.75  guaranteed 60 hrs per week 875 per week. They do pay you every Friday via card of some sort which is nice. ", " nice employees great hours, and a excellent management staff.The only bad thing is that the breaks are too short.You get 2 10 min breaks but from the time you walk from your position to the break room or outside 4 mins are gone already. ", " the management and workers are really friendly and it makes it nice to wake up everyday and go to work because you know that you will have a great day. ", " A typical day at work will be either cutting open boxes all day or having to judge if returned products are sellable or not.  I learned which items get returned often so i know not to buy them in the future.  Management is not bad. They are respectful.  The hardest part of the job is maintaining your rate and handling standing in the same position for hours.  The most enjoyable part is lunch break. ", " There is no typical day at work at amazon some days you may be picking orders on busier schedules you may be cross training in other departments from goods out in the dock up to quality checking of goods. Ive learned a lot about perseverance and sticking at a task until you accomplish what you are doing to the best of your abilities. The management are great and supportive and feedback is daily on your performance so you will find out each day where your strengths are and where you maybe need a bit more support which is available through the the excellent coaching staff. Help is always at hand if you need it. Everyone works hard at amazon but the canteen and breakout areas are a fun place to get to know your co workers there are pool tables, table tennis amongst other things in the break areas which is not something ive seen in many other firms. The hardest part of the job is adapting to the rapidly changing pace of the work which may mean you have to train in a new department at short notice if required but everything is achievable through the first class support. There is always a team leader on hand to help out. The most enjoyable part of the job is feeling you are part of a team that look out for one another you may spend a lot of time working alone but you are never on your own. All in all i would recommend working at amazon to anybody who was considering applying. ", " Everyday is a great day at amazon. I learned how to stow and managers are very supportive. Amazon have great employees to go with the environment. The hard part is keeping up when you getting a little tired.mostly of all I love that amazon give you three breaks. ", " I enjoy my job, however, I would love the opportunity for advancement. I have a lot of knowledge within/about the company, the warehouse, operations, etc.  Typical day? Can't even describe it. It's either a steady, consistent day or it's extremely high paced.  I have learned a great deal from working within the warehouse &amp; different areas of the company.  Hardest part of the job? Supervisors that have favorites, that nit pick with others, just aggravation. They have forgotten where they come from. Most started out on the floor just the same.  There should be respect both ways. Supervisors &amp; all employees.  Enjoyable part of the job is knowing every day will NOT be the same. ", " 50 hour weeks loading trucks non-stop (supposed to be 4 - 10 hour days). Management is a joke, they just yell at people and they dont even know how to do the job or what is being done wrong. They also love to rush you even if it puts your safety at risk. Benefits are AMAZING!!! I have ever heard them telling multiple employees that they will be \"replaced\" if they dont work harder. ", " Fulfillment Center Fast paced Long standing periods Weekly Pay Fun manager Vender $ 80hours of VTO Flexible Schedule Multi cultured atmosphere ", " good place for temporary work, but again, incomprehensible situation with career growth. The friendly staff that is always ready to help. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Poor company puts being frugal before its employees. Breaks many labor laws one time worked 3 1/2 hours before getting a break for prime day. Also promised gifts to the hardest working associates and never fulfilled ", " Not too bad of a job, you're in a werehouse so its hot and smelly and there are quotas you have to meet. on youre feet constantl and is always moving. surrounded by multitude of people ", " This place will chew the life out of you man. If you want to do the same task every day for 10 hours 5-6x a week this is the job for you. I took the job of a picker/packer over the peak season (fall/winter) while going to UCR. I was saving up for a trip out of the country. Anyway, this review is for my fellow colleagues/ students going to school.  The typical day at work consists of packing/picking 200-300 units per hour. Keep in mind the company wants you to maintain 80% or higher every day of every hour. If you don't meet the standard, you will get harassed by every type of upper level \"management\". These guys are incompetent as they come. I feel bad for people who stay imprisoned here because of the money and because they get too comfortable with their \"buddies\".   Also, the management keeps track of your time off task. If you are late from your meal/ break you will get punished. They treat their employees like inmates. Additionally, they sometimes requires you to work an extra day for over time to meet the companies demands. Honestly, out of all the jobs I have worked at, this place was the worst. If you are trying to make quick money, and would not mind the long hours and awful working conditions, then try it out. Otherwise look somewhere else. ", " coming in at amazon the people are very easy to get alone with, the management are great, and everybody a team. the hardest part of the job was waiting for work to come available. the most enjoyable part about the job is having continuing work all day. ", " So far this has been a great company to work for, knowing that I can answer any questions a customer may have and each phone call ending with the customer satisfied makes me feel happy. ", " This was a first shift job as well and I really enjoyed. I had no problems getting along with anyone because I worked on the same computer everyday. ", " Expect constant change from bad to potentially worse. Rate is not forgiven no matter the how bad the week was for rate. Co-Workers are great, but management is a bit sloppy. Most enjoyable part of the job is getting to leave early. ", " Benefits were good. Work was hard. Co-workers made it fun. Plenty of opportunity to move up. Opportunity to travel. Hardest part of job was standing on concrete. ", " Amazon.com is a great company to work for. They are good with their customers and go above and beyond for them unlike any other company I have either encountered or worked for. ", " it overall was a good company. Didn't like how they controlled everything. Mangers wasn't really helping the workers when something bad happen. ", " I liked my job, and the company.  However, the management was filled with young kids who had college degrees, but not much life experience.  It made it hard to fulfill my duties. ", " very diverse workplace they embrace people with military experience. The potential to move up is more from an outside applicant then an inside associate ", " great culture, fast paced environment, sometime shift is cut by half an hour to an hour depending on packages, and scan rates. Its a good place to work and get a good sweat going if you plan on loosing weight. ", " The day starts with a team meeting and some stretches which are highly recommended. I've learned how to track and place the boxes on different pallets for delivery. The management team is very knowledgeable and helpful.My co-workers help out when needed or if someone is new and struggling.The job isn't hard at all. I love the free exercise that comes with this job. ", " Its a fun job with a lot of walking and with many of interesting people. This job offer a may benefits with a good hourly pay and has a safety environment. ", " Amazon inc (EUK5) is well organised, procedures and processes are well in order,knowwledge is repeatedly and easilly accessable, it is  friendly busy and some times fun work place. Which offen helps with the hard target aspect of the job. ", " Starts with mind set. Mentally, difficulty level low, physically can be demanding. Entry level pay low. Benefits are outstanding. Typically a 4 day work week @ 40 hrs. PTO, Vacation AND Unpaid time (UPT) available. Managers and employees are a revolving door, turnover is extremely high. Communication failures constantly. Lunches are only 30 minutes for a 10 hr work day. Two 15 minute breaks are included, but you really only get a third or half of that due to the distance it takes to walk to breakrooms, outside, etc. People are generally friendly. ", " Hot and stressful is a typical night at work. Management is management. Co- workers are fun. Hardest part of the job is the stress. Most enjoyable part of the job is the associates. ", " I personally did not really care for the job . The security were awfully rude as well as some managers. Paid good but didn't feel like I was in a good work environment. ", " i enjoyed working for amazon.com they gave me all training that i need to learn and move forward into the company they have great staff helping you all the time in what you need "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Good place to work, fast paced, people are great, challenging environment.  I have enjoyed my time so far.  Work life balance has been incredible. ", " It was really long 10 hour days and required anywhere from 10-20 miles of walking. It was a demanding job that required a lot. The people there where nice and worked together as much as they could. Management was helpful when faced with problems. The most enjoyable part of work was when they had meals brought in our music brought in for the staff ", " I was a picker so the day consisted of walking, bending, and sorting through incredibly messy and stuffed bins. From my experience as a picker you are just a number of how many items can be moved from that facility in 10 hours. Meaning regardless of the quality of your work the management only truly cares that you were able to move 1000 items or roughly that amount in your shift. This gives no incentive to actually make sure bins are efficient enough for quick time. Alot of synergy is required to work at a place like this, and I found that 3/4 people could not care less about that at all. The hardest part of the job was staying motivated enough to keep moving around the 8 hour mark of being there preforming the same tasks endlessly. I found that amazon dangles what are to be seen as benefits in front of you, to then, turn around and give you no time to use the benefits and working conditions are so bad they dont intend for you to stay long enough for your 401 k. Again this is for warehouse working not for the office jobs. ", " I loved working for Amazon when I began my career here as a Tier 1 associate a year ago. Boy has it changed! Management sucks! Our managers don't know anything about the processes that we do &amp; write people up for stupid things such as being 5 minutes off task, whether it be a bathroom break or a simple stretch session! Sad place. ", " This was a very productive place to work, and you meet a lot of new people. You walked for long periods of time but it was good exercise. ", " As an operators assistant, your treatment was fair as far as the job goes the role was to make decisions using the online database in the office. Sometimes, you even get charged for missing items. The technology was easy to use and the team is on a massive scale for example making calls to your manager at lunch time to settle agreements and update the outstanding resources from other managers. ", " A growing company with no dirth of opportunities, very friendly for a diverse workforce. Its an excellent place for someone who really wants to display boundaryless behavior and a keen sense of acquiring new skills and knowledge. ", " In a days work I would package and build boxes sending them the \"line\" for the packages to be sent to the customers. I would also load trailers and sort packages throughout the shift. ", " The work itself was straight forward with a lot of manual handling. sometimes extremely heavy items. Fast pace. I felt it was a conflicting environment due to the language barrier. ( English as a spoken language was not being observed) New recruits are not properly inducted. (Dropped straight on the job and expect you to learn as you go along.) Salary advertised different from what you get. Good as an in-between, part time/temp job. ", " I barely have time for myself outside of work.  The expectations are above and beyond for little pay.  Interact with customers daily, learn new technology navigations through various cities and routes.  Management can be better, things are more expected of the employees.  The hardest part is making judgments on delivery a customers product with the fear that it can be reported never received or stolen, which then leads to fear of losing your job.  I enjoy that I get to take lunch and breaks when I feel the need to, I get independence on the road. ", " no recognition for a self motivated hard workers. pretty much about who you know and not what you know or what you can provide to the company as an individual. been there for over 2 years now, and its very rare to make it that long in this FC. ", " It was a good job . Lots a work and fun people to meet. Loved the environment . Always had a good attitude with management.  Never once did you hear people complain about their jobs . ", " Amazon was a very fast paced but steady job. Security was excellent. Very friendly and respectable coworkers and managers. Most enjoyable part of the job was scoring high. ", " I work through Amazon.com so I can pretty much go to work anytime I log into the website. When I get sells and reviews on products, they are usually sent to me within 24 hours. It is the perfect job to have on the side while advancing in your career. ", " If it wasn't for them hiring poor management with little to no experience in the field and I just don't mean warehouses, I mean never had a job before type experience. It might actually be a good place to work. ", " A good place to work. Amazing people to work with plus fun activities often times. Hardest part of the job probably is because we work in the night shift, but the most fun part of it is that we are family. ", " Good Hours Good Pay Friendly Good Benefits I am looking for a job closer to home to allow me to pick my daughter up on time. I plan to complete my college degree so I will need different hours ", " It was good to work for this company, gave me an idea of how to work with an employer who believed in diversification.  A typical day for me was solving customer's issues with lost, stolen, or late packages being delivered.  I learned that you must be able to deal with all ethnicity's.     The hardest part was being able to stay cool when you are being yelled at for a package not arriving when it is suppose to.  The enjoyable part was speaking with different people and getting to know why they are loyal Amazon customers. ", " Someone coined the phrase \"Amazon is where overachievers go to feel bad about themselves\". The company provides no training and little structure. Managers are expected to quickly develop themselves in a fast pace with constant changes. Any positive performance is quickly forgotten. There's a reason why the average manager experience is 18 months. ", " Allows for you to learn at your pace and help customers with problems. Flexible and great people to work with and a company who puts their employees first along with their customers. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Overall a very poor place to work. Very disorganised and repetative robotic work. The hours were fair but the constant push to improve performance was not welcomed by all who worked there.  I feel that a company the size of Amazon could value their staff more by giving a bit more feedback in a positive manner.  They recruit via agencies to take unemployed people on as they receive incentives from the goverment.  They then push people to reach unrealistic targets which in turn has an affect on their well being and work/life balance.  You can be penalised for almost anything that does not take to their liking.  I would never recommend anyone to work there even if it was was upwards of \u00a320 per hour. ", " My biggest issue was lack of advancement. New managers came in from the outside and were trained by me. Worked there for 4 years ", " Amazon Fulfillment Services Ruskin (TPA1) was a great place to work for.  They will work you to the bone with many heavy lifting and manual work positions and a lot of mandatory overtime, and volume of packages often overflows the conveyor belts and docks and you can do nothing but cope with what you can and make your numbers, but you do get all the help and tools you need to do your job well and be satisfied with it. They absolutely get slammed during peak season and despite a standard, in-place system, machines and facilities do get overwhelmed, there is just no way around it, Christmas volume is Christmas volume at Amazon. If you thrive under these conditions and love to work hard, you will do well.  If you want to work Peak, apply as soon as openings occur, so you can have a slow, easy pace the first part of November and learn your job before the full holiday traffic hits. By then, you better have your act together because you will be moving your behind and finding you often cannot keep up.  Don't be discouraged by this, management recognizes this and keeps morale up and moves people around quickly in the site to alleviate congestion.  Despite feeling overwhelmed a lot with the traffic, I consistently got compliments and gift cards etc. from HR and mgmt for being on task and for attendance.  Experience around heavy, fast moving industrial machinery is a must. Management and the organization are VERY supporting and roving HR and leads are everywhere, making it easy to get help when you need it as a new worker in a facility of thousands of workers. It's a very positive ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> environment.  They discourage taking time off during peak season but if you communicate with your managers they will give it to you. There is a points system for scheduled and unscheduled time off and too much is automatic termination; points roll off after 90 days.  I worked some outbound dock, wrapping and stacking pallets, but mostly flat sorts (sorting small packages and checking addresses and integrity of the package). That was one of the lightest jobs, but there was still a lot of standing and hand/arm movement. Stow is physically the hardest job and the only place where you would be lifting heavy things - 20-50 lb. open containers.  Orientation is about five hours, one day, fast and furious.  Most learning is on the job and you must be able to ask questions and learn tasks very fast.  One great thing, they are VERY safety conscious. Breaks and lunches occur at same time for everyone in the huge facility so you need to move fast, pack microwaveable things for lunch, and learn to make the most of these times, which include walking to/from breakrooms, which are plentiful but do get filled up to the max fast especially Christmas week.  One caveat, the Ruskin facility is out in the country for the most part, and nearest eating places/stores are 1/2 mile away; plan to pack a lunch daily. Having a vehicle (at least a bike) is essential. If you do not have a car and are not local, plan to get a bike and to learn the bus system for your commute.  There is one bus, the 31, which gets out there and it doesn't run weekends.  Also, parking during Peak, though well controlled with parking attendant workers and the FHP at the entrance, is a mess; arrive 1-1.5 hours ahead of your shift start to find a good spot.    All in all, a great experience, nice paychecks, and a staff that made things run smoothly and made things fun. ", " I learned a lot about Amazon. It is a great place to work and they have a great set of managers. There are thousands of employees which I've been giving the chance to become great friends with. The most enjoyable part of the job was knowing how much we shipped out and being able to ship out items as fast as we do. I learned a lot about the customer obsession at Amazon and how much we envy a customers opinion. ", " Upper management was out-of-touch and aloof, but the rest of the staff and experience were positive, I enjoyed working with the sales staff and procuring conventions for the city! ", " long hours and sometimes too tedious I constantly feel the need to be in a better workplace. The people are genuine and its a good place for hard honest work. ", " Working here was alright I guess. You will be in your feet all day and doing repetitive work. Staff is supportive and good motivators but there is little room for advancement. Job security is not good at all. Around the holiday a lot of people are hired but will be quickly released after demand for work is down. Lunch breaks are 30min out of a 10 hour work day with two 15 min breaks. Your break start when you leave your work station but it can take up to 5 min to get to the break room another 5 to get your food. You can loose most of you break before you even sit down to eat. ", " I really enjoyed my time at amazon.  I enjoyed most of the people I worked with, and learned a lot about how to lead, and be efficient. ", " been here for 4 years and the money is good and the benefits, but advancement within the company is not likely. the hours suck, its hot and your stuck doing the same function for 10 hours a day, there is no music being planned. management cares more about crunching the numbers than the well being of their employees. the pay is good, but high turn over rate, the average person doesn't stay longer than two years at the company. ", " Remit includes day to day duties in a busy distribution centre, moving stock around manually and area readiness. Also, required to hit strict daily targets with significant attention to detail to avoid mistakes. ", " I liked working at Amazon, it's a pretty easy place too work as long as you take care of everything you need too, Amazon is a great company that can keep you comfortable. ", " Amazon is a great company to work with...  The work is demanding and challenging at times,  but the co-workers make it a fun place to work.....!!!!!!! ", " There are no words to describe how brutal and inattentive this location can be to newcomers. Falsifying their stats and making  accusations to remove employees that are high risk is common practice. ", " Productive and fun place it was. Enjoyed while working with most critical processing.  Had a great agile methodology  Had a great experience in new tools ", " the benefits are good as well as the pay. had fun working with and meeting new people. the management is a bit iffy but they do have an open door policy that works on the employees favor. its a very easy job any department you go to is very simple when it comes to completing the tasks ", " I am a hard worker and can work in a team or on my own. You can be sure I will not work hard throughout the whole weekend, so what have you got to lose? I am so excited about this opportunity and really want to work here. I have heard really good things about the exciting opportunity and want to experience it for myself. ", " overall decent company to work at its clean and safe. amazon also has a repayment program for those who want to further their education earning a paycheck. ", " 7:00am to 5:00pm I learned to pick pack drive a forklifts management issuing out assignments great co-workers walking 15 miles or more while picking on the floor coaching other employee, being able to respond to emergency  as a EMT-B ", " Amazon is an okay place to work. if your willing to workt out almost close to 12hrs a day. the pay is great, and the benefits are good too. but its easy to be replaced if you make a mistake. they are very strict about how everything is ran. but they are willing to work with you in your time of need. also, pay attention to your time off. they are also strict about that and will let you go if you go over your time off that they allowed for you to have. good luck. ", " if was a great place to work and i loved my time there and all the bosses and staff were nice to me and helped me better my self and helped me strive to reach my gaols "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " An Amazonian's experience varies greatly depending on the business--and there are many, many businesses within Amazon. It also varies greatly depending on the manager; while at Amazon, I've had the best manager in my 20-year career, as well as the worst manager.  Amazon is a great workplace if you're looking for a career-building opportunity to work with incredibly bright people and to refine your ability to make data-driven decisions in a (almost prohibitively) lean environment. ", " A wonderful place to work for those that live in the area. A fast paced setting at your own pace. A very physical job due to all the walking. ", " I worked for amazon fulfillment as a seasonal worker who helped during the Christmas season, i enjoyed their fast paced work environment. many benefits available ", " Get ready to lift and carry heavy boxes! Most of the time you flex up and have to stay longer hours. People are mean they make fun of you. A lot of jealous managers; if you tend to work better than them then they will give you a hard time. Then they will use the workers to against you. They lie about the blue badges stating if you work after 90 days you will get a blue badge. ", " When you first start at Amazon it is a fun and innovative place. You quickly learn that everything from the New York Times article holds true. Everyday I come to work heavy with anxiety as everyone is given so much to do and not enough time to do it. ", " Training every area, knowledge of company, customer service skills, time mangement day to day. Soloving issues, have to always have get body stands and safty skills ", " Working at one of their warehouse facilities you will find that the management team is very helpful.the hours are long and be prepared to be on your feet at a fast pace all day long. ", " Amazon gives a new meaning to \"fast paced environment\".  If you cannot keep up or are even 1% off of meeting quota, you will hear about it from your managers and be written up, three of these and you're fired.  This is by far the most stressful job I've ever had. The managers care more about the numbers than they do you or your well being.  Had to make many reports to HR.  They do not follow safety guidelines and in my opinion it is a dangerous place to work.  The only thing this place has going for them is their benefits.  So if that's all you need, but want to be completely miserable at your job then it's for you. ", " I'm just in it for the pay. Its decent. Fast paced, but definitely worth it if you like moving a lot at work. Heavy lifting at times sucks. Work usually fly's buy if your working to. ", " I worked night shifts and loved it. The management was a bit lacking but not a problem. It was a fun workplace filled with fun people and it was a great environment. Would love to work there again ", " A typical day at Amazon is fast paced and productive. Freight is scanned in and received almost instantly.The motivation to succeed is clearly visible ", " I have spent the last six months working a seasonal assignment with Amazon and it has truly been a wonderful experience. I have learned so much about the companies culture and gained many new experiences and friends along the way. This is a great company to work for and it has absolutely made me customer obsessed to no end and I can see why now. ", " If anything my time at Amazon has  been insightful and a great learning experience. A famous saying is \"Everyday is day 1\". The amount of skills I have acquired, the work ethic I have adopted and the connections I've made is truly overwhelmingly great. These learnings and leadership skills I will carry through in my next position. My co-workers are seen as fellow coaches where we learn from each other irrespective of the organization they work in.  Coming from Cape Town, South Africa, the hardest part of my job is living in Luxembourg, which is a small conservative country which I have not adapted well to. I travel to Singapore quite frequently during my vacations and feel I would adapt easily while working on my career in IT.  Benefits are not that important to me. I look at what the company has provided me for personal growth. ", " The pay and benefits are good but like any job they have their issues, and you should be able to keep your job as long as you can make rate and your time does not go into the negative. ", " Amazon is a fast paced warehouse.  I love work ing there because the time just flies by.  I took extra care of the products because I envisioned myself getting the packages and I would like nice and neat packages. ", " A typical day at work consisted of counting the stock that came into the warehouse. It is needed to be counted in a timely but accurately fashion. Accuracy could not be below 99.5%. Anything below that would be considered not acceptable. The management there was always on the job making sure that employees kept up with their duties and accuracy. If ever an employee was to go below 99.5% in accuracy, the team leader or manager would work with you very well before actually giving you a write up. Because of being on one station counting product all day, associating with co-workers was very limited because it was more important to count the product so that the customers orders could go to the next step after being counted, so that their order could be processed and shipped out to them. Counting product was is a very easy at Amazon, but the hardest part comes when you're about 8 hours within you're shift and sometime you would get zoned out from the constant standing all day and waiting for Kiva Pods to bring you shelves to count. ", " Great start for a new job! Great Culture and Pay. I really enjoyed the workout as well working in this warehouse. Really made me fit physically and helped me meet new friends. ", " Its a good paying job but does put a lot of strain on your body. allows opportunity and workplace advancement. The long term benefits are a plus as well. ", " Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity. Resolved product issues and shared benefits of new technology. Assisted customers with store and product complaints. Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer complaints. Stocked and rotated inventory regularly ", " good place to work for your adults just starting to work. benefits are ok. some long hours on your feet. lots of overtime during peak months. not for people that can't handle stress. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Working at Amazon Fulfillment is a good place to work if you want a full week of work in a short period of time. I would say it's hard on your feet unless you wear really good shoes. The co-workers are not bad. They need to work on management and work on a better way of communicating information about the work days. ", " The pay is relatively low for the jobs you have to do. The highest pay  you with receive is 15 dollars an hour after being there for 3 years. Not much room for advancement ", " Very faced paced enviroment which i love because it makes time go by fast. At this job during peak season you will work with all different ages groups and ethics. I learned a lot from this job and the people that worked there. Getting to work is a hassele due to where the facility is located and the amount of people that they hire during peak season. My scheduled time to satrt work would be 6pm but i would have to leave my house  two and a half hours early just to get to work on time and my house was only 15min away from the job.Managment when working during peak season for the temp agency can sometimes come off a bit rude. Other then that I had a great time working here and I also won alot of gifts for best performace and highest speed. ", " If you enjoy working in a warehouse then amazon is the job for you but you are going to be on you feet for 10 our or more the benefits they offer are great but this job takes up too much time to the point you won't really have social life. ", " stocked customer orders, made sure customers were satisfied, and also did my job the correct way. This job was my favorite the pay just sucked. ", " I love working here its such a great place to work great work environment and fun and everyone is super nice. They have a pool table which is really awesome its a very safe environment to work. they have fun events they do for the everyone. ", " Fast paced and very physical. Was hired with no experience and quickly gained a multi-faceted understanding of a loading dock, and time management. Was trained to dock and release trailers, drive powered industrial trucks, and depart drivers.  Very energetic and chaotic environment that kept you engaged for 10 hours a day. ", " At my location I could only work 10 hour shifts. Job was pretty simple. Co-workers were great, lots of cool people. ", " A typical day consisted of making sure that all trailers are safe and secure for associates to enter and load. It also consisted of making sure that all paperwork is accurate and that the correct load is picked up by the correct carrier. ", " Management steps on each other's toes, no room to advance from the bottom. Benefits are good, pay is not. Part of pay package is the Variable compensation bonus, but warehouse rarely performs at the 105% needed to get the bonus. ", " Amazon is a good place to work. Some of the work is challenging but it makes you want to work even harder. All of my managers are engaged with the employees throughout the day. I have some pretty cool coworkers as well. ", " I personally don't wish to speak about my time at Amazon, namely due to the fact that it is responsible for a few nightmares from what we carried in that building. ", " The work was very demanding, fast paced, and had a high turn over in employees.  The work was very physical, and your had minimal training. ", " It's what you make of it.  It's difficult and dense, forcing prioritization like I've never had in any previous role.  Seattle has just gotten too darn expensive and congested for my family. ", " Amazon believes in hiring managers that have just graduated from college and not people with the experience that is needed to manage the location ", " I really enjoy work for amazon but I have a very big growing family and I need more money and less hour a day. The ten hour shift is the hardest because I have very small children that need my help with homework. ", " I am currently working in the Warrington Delivery Station for amazon logistics. My main duties are ensuring that all drivers are on the correct route and that they load the correct parcels onto their vans, this is for around 170 routes a day, assigning all the correct equipment to the driver, ensuring that all parcels are on the correct van while the drivers are on the road and if there is any parcels that are not on the correct van transfer them over. I am also responsible for ensuring that all driver problems while they are out on the road are dealt with in a quick and timely manner and ensure that all the stations KPI\u2019s are in the green, for example our 5S audit, Health and Safety audit, First Time Delivery success, DPMO, Concessions and ensure that all paperwork is up to date and in the correct location. I also have to brief and debrief the drivers when they leave and return back to the Station making sure that all the equipment is brought back and that all the parcels that have been delivered are correct and the returns are all at the right status and scanned back to station, I also have to ensure that all parcels in the station at night are scanned into the correct documents and at the correct status. I also currently stepping up into the shift manager\u2019s job role when the manager\u2019s is on training or on holiday. I have been doing this for around 10 months and feel that this progression has given me valuable experience and I feel that I can now run the shift with minimal help from the current shift manager. In this time I was responsible for ensuring that all the daily reports ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> were being filled in on time and to a high standard. I am also responsible for ensuring that all staff members are in on time and that the station runs smoothly and that there is no impact on the operation and no impact on the customer experience. I am also responsible for finding ways of simplify the processes to get the maximum data to the DSP team so that they can act on this in the most efficient and effective way possible. I feel that this step up role has also made my relationship with my peers and colleagues stronger as they now see me as a shift manager and they trust that I am capable of doing the job.  I have also completed my counter balance FLT licence while at the Irlam station. ", " I thoroughly enjoyed working with my fellow coworkers. I did feel, however, that the company didn't care too much for their employees and did not give people promotions that deserve them. ", " Besides my outstanding accolades &amp; work review with this company I have nothing positive to say. I would not recommend this job to anyone. ", " worked hard stayed busy like that it was fast paste had a chance to move up in job title like being around alot of people. worked alot of hours and days. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " it is a great job to get you where you want to go in life they are flexable with work shifts have great  benifits and there management is not there strength in the company they like to promote guys from college that never had hands on experience in the job invirement odd right other than that thats it ", " Amazon offers much but they expect more.   You work four ten hour days but keep in mind they can call overtime anytime 24 hours before  the last day of your shift.    Management is so-so like most companies you hand the good and the bad and sometimes the ugly.  They will help you quit if you want they will pay up front for schooling. ", " Work is simple and easy, great co workers and great environment with great managers! There really isn't much to say besides if you work here just don't be a lazy to your co workers! ", " This place will chew you up and spit you out. Good pay but very poor work environment.Long Hours with endless mandatory overtime up to 60 hours a week. ", " i had a great experience working here. the people are great and the work is very rewarding. thank you for the experience. ", " Too many rules and regulations. Everyone want to be a manager. Too many chiefs not enough Indians. Not enough work to be done in ten hours of work. ", " It is a great place to learn and grow within management and to learn new functions and progress everyday. Although it can be difficult to get used to the environment  if you've never worked in a warehouse before. ", " Amazon was a great working experience, their motto work hard have fun was true to form. Learned and enjoyed being a great leader. Management was awesome very hands on.  Overall great company, sad to have left wanted to finish school full time. Thank you for a great experience. ", " The work is not hard but the constant standing and hustle on the hard floors take their tole on the body. The management is kept young, not much opportunity for over the age of 40 to move up to a management slot. They like to snatch managers fresh out of college with no real work experience. Amazon does have real good benefits and work bonuses, such as 401k, monthly bonuses, tuition for education and more. The thing with Amazon that you need to be ready for is when they are in their busy season, you will have no time to call your own. Their busy season can very depending on what department you get placed in and they will decide where you will be needed on an almost daily basis. The work is simple so they can replace anyone at any time. The pay is good for what you are doing because Amazon gains its revenue by sheer volume. ", " I will say that it was arguably the ideal first job at least for about a year. There were too many changes in management. A typical day working here is very tedious and repetitive. Most employees were happier distancing themselves from direct labor. The system for tracking employee attendance and productivity was flawed and often exploited. Work-based decisions for adjustments in work processes seldom favored the associate to make their work easier and faster. Work ethic was considerably less important than social capabilities. In other words, talking got an employee more likely to move forward for promotions than productivity. The people I worked with were courteous and just as hardworking. In my opinion, the hardest part of working here was dealing with the long-term effects that the work had on an individual. I think what I found enjoyable, however, was the unique work ethic and the people around me. ", " I really hate this job.... One of the worst jobs ive ever worked in my life Many just stay beacuse they have bills to pay and they think they are making goood money... Its a waste of time ", " A typical day at work here at Amazon is very fast-paced. I learned that you have to pay attention to details and have very good listening skills. The management here is awesome and they make sure that we are taken care of and have all of our needed training to perform well on the job. My co-workers are friendly and we have great job culture here. The hardest part of the job is having a customer that is very frustrated, I can always use my listening skills, knowledge of the problem, and my friendliness to help them solve the issue. The most enjoyable part of the job is making sure that the customers are taken care of and are satisfied. ", " Remit includes day to day duties in a busy distribution centre, moving stock around manually and area readiness. Also, required to hit strict daily targets with significant attention to detail to avoid mistakes. ", " You work 10 hours a day for your shift, I learn getting good rate is very important and that's how you move up, management is very helpful and not cocky, the hardest part of the job is nothing because it's fun everybody's nice and helpful and also you 3 day weekends. ", " I would say working at amazon was pretty cool considering the great benefits you receive while working there. The only downfall I have to say is dealing with certain managers and there lack of knowledge and personal interacting skills. I feel I should not be intimidated while at work by my upper management as well as some of my colleagues. Maybe the hiring process should be improved. Other than that my over all rating would be Average and could use improvement. ", " Clock in 30 minutes early, have a meeting with management, and staff the problem solve board for the day. I run a stand up meeting with the associates on problem solve about the goals for the day, any information they need to know and their rates for the previous day. Through out my day I print and engage associates with feedback for any quality errors they have made and help them find a way to not create the same mistakes. I also assist the problem solve associates with I.O.L, Sherlock and problem solve. I have learned to be a better leader and advance in my leadership skills. In management, some work well with others and some do not but enjoy the ones that do. The hardest part of my job is the diversity of personalities. The most enjoyable part of the job is the diversity of personalities. ", " I do not choose to discuss any pertinent details regarding my tenure at amazon. You can tell by my ratings what aspects were acceptable and what was not. ", " Very friendly people would love to work there again alot of hours to work there the pay is also good, also would recommend to new poeple to work there. ", " The temp company at the time was very questionable, however, Amazon itself is a fine company. Its great for work experience and fast money. While I didn't have the best time at this company I did however enjoyed being able to afford christmas of 2015. ", " It is a good organisation which is offering many opportunities ranging from customer service to product management.  Good atmosphere and balanced work life. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " good company only worked seasonal , it was a fast paced work place long hours but was worth the experience. ", " I loved working at the company even though your on feet for 10 hours. They gave out 40+ hours a week and paid well. The managers were cool sometimes but sometimes demanded too much like we are robots. but overall I liked the experience and the employees were pretty cool and glad I got to work there. ", " Amazon is an enjoyable place to work because I am able to interact with people of different cultures, ages, preferences etc. We work together and build relationships as we are working to satisfy customer needs. Everyone at Amazon knows how important it is to get the job that we are given done in the right way in a timely manner. Everyone is kind to each other there and we all respect each other, as well as the consumer products. Amazon makes it easy for each employee to build, not just as a person but as a worker. ", " Straight into orientation the staff was already talking about adult toys and how people would take them to the bathroom use them then restock them. Every new person that addressed us on orientation talked non stop about adult toys and telling stories. Strike 1 for me. Strike 2 was when we had our maybe 3 hours of training he talked about adult toys non stop plus cussed. Strike 3 is when I ask my trainer a question he said  its not rocket science so I left. And don't order from them and let then blame any damage on the carrier that stuff is stocked damaged and crammed in there You will have no family life. ", " I was always working it is never a boring day. the people are friendly. we had three breaks. we had a health care office. we had health benefits such as dental vision and doctor visits. ", " I onboard new vendor in Amazon. We buy products to resell on our platform. People are nice. We have medical insurance, and meal voucher. There is a Stock option plan for managers. Unfortunately, shares are given very rarely. ", " You would come in and do the same routine and everything was based of a production rate, that determinant how much work you accomplished that day. ", " like a start up company. Everyone is required to work in ambiguity. Colleagues are smart people with creative open minds. Managers are great with leadership charisma. The challenged part is about taking shift. You have to work on Xmas Eve or bank holidays. ", " This place was very difficult to work at. There was no organization management. The management team didn't know who was working for them. The benefits were good, but they treated employees like children. ", " treated like slaves. short breaks. long hours. get in trouble for going to toilet. not allowed to stop to talk to anyone. constantly working and the managers dont care if you are ill they will treat you like a dog   and have no respect. ", " i was an data entry typist in Amazon Mturk. and it was not a hired position. anyone can do that job, who is having a computer and an internet connection. i done that when i was studying in 10th standard. because of that experience still i am their good customer in online based products. ", " A typical day at work - at least 13 hours a day, 4 days a week during off-peak season and at least 15 hours a day, 6 days a week during peak season.  What you learned - watch your back and trust others at your peril, for there is real evil in this world.  Management - brutal, machiavellian, soulless and heartless.  Your co-workers - constant one-upmanship in an all out rat race to decide who is the most obnoxious one among them all.  The hardest part of the job - constantly having to fake the 'have fun' part of the corporate mantra, which in that environment, only a psychopath could pull off effortlessly.  The most enjoyable part of the job - discovering that you're not as terrible a human being as some of the others that work there, and being thankful that you never ever will be. ", " Opening boxing checking for damaged items. Counting and Scanning items making sure the were going to the right customers. ", " Amazon wasnt my favorite place to work-- for the amount of work your doing in the long shifts you are working, you do not make enough money. Its literally a modern day cotton field. There is no work-life balance. The only part I enjoyed about amazon, is that I met my fiance there, but that its. Management is cluttered. You will have 6 different managers tell you to do something, even though only one of those managers are in charge of your production, and if you dont do what the other 5 tell you to do in addition to what yours told you to do, you will quickly get in trouble. It is too much going on, and the people in charge refuse to talk to each other, making it a headache for the associates. ", " The work culture is nice, the pay is good, the management is awesome, the breaks are well placed time wise, and the break areas are well situated ", " i loved this job amazon only reason why i dont work there now is because it was temporary and my time ran out becuause ur only able to work a certain amount of hours before you become permanient but the pay and people were great i learned alot there ", " Very demanding and challenging workplace. If you are prepare to work under pressure most of the time this is company to work for. ", " You have to be on the A list to advance with this company.  They will lie to you instead of telling you the truth. They have pick people that they want to succeed in their compnay. ", " Amazing company, managers and co-workers. I d like to come back to work there . Absolutely amazing team, we ve been helping each other a lot ", " It's a fast pace work, great environment. The co-workers are friendly and they are team workers, the hardest part of the job is to not have enough staff on a busy day. The most enjoyable part is that everybody is on point. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " High paced work environment with achievable goals. Multiple opportunities for overtime during peak. Variety of coworkers with various backgrounds. ", " Good Hours Good Pay Friendly Good Benefits I am looking for a job closer to home to allow me to pick my daughter up on time. I plan to complete my college degree so I will need different hours ", " fun and competitive fast pace working environment with a large amount of learning and growing opportunities within the company in itself. ", " i really enjoyed working @ amazon the pay was great and the hours were ok i just didnt like the shift i was working i missed out on too many family events i also didnt like the way they did thier hireing you work for awhile they say theyre going to convert you then they waited to long to convert i loved the breaks and that we got paid every week ", " I've worked here for three years, very easy job, but very demanding. If you think your going to make good money and not have to work for it this is not the job for you. ", " Good Place to work with some exceptions of management. There is a lot of benefits including entertainment at work. There is even a HR Office on site. ", " The company is a great start and a great place to work for young people trying to gain experience and/or build a career. You are given opportunities to learn, grow and advance your skills in the company and have a relatively good earning potential if you are a good employee with good attendance, stats and leadership qualities. To advance continuously though you need to dedicate yourself to the company and be well known for your work and involvement initiatives with their hardcore 'leadership principles'. Management varies from department to department but one thing is clear - your working hours and shifts are controlled by the company so you need to be able to be flexible with regards to your own personal and family life. Some managers are good and some not so good, Seller Support is probably a department to stay away from although the pay is good, the expectations are ridiculous, the rules draconian and always changing and increasing. AWS is probably one of the most sought after positions with a good reputation in management, working hours and general good office vibes. The building is situated in a nice quiet part of town, in Gardens with the gym and Wembley Square right next to the building and has nice views. ", " A typical day at Amazon has you walking into this giant place where you are offered free wifi, a living room much like your own, ping pong, pool tables, shuffle board, outdoor track, tennis court, free coffee, tea, popcorn. You work hard to get through the day.  I'm still learning and looking to learn more.  Management is wonderful and so encouraging.  Co-workers are awesome and at times a bit eccentric.  The hardest part of the job is listening to people whine about a problem that is their own fault then they blame Amazon for it. The most enjoyable part of the job is making someone smile or laugh during a bad time. ", " You would be at your station for 8 hours a shift not being able to move much further unless going to the rest room and that was frownd upon, the same as speaking to work colleagues next to you. There were realistic targets set which were able to be met but the amount of pressure the team leaders would put on you would make some people uncomfortable. Only having 15 minutes break would just leave you rushing your food and sometimes not being able to go to the rest room in time. ", " I came in as a temp with Integrity. The work was strenuous, but I loved the 3 day weekends! I converted to an Amazonian as soon as i possibly could because their benefits package for full time employees is outstanding!  Many of the digruntled feedback I heard mostly came from people who had no intentions of work, and mostly came in to socialize or find a new boo...lol.  Offers to cross train in different departments were made pretty often during morning and midday stand up meetings.  All you'd have to do is sign up and attend a class. I've never had a problem with managers not wanting me to advance. On the contrary,  they have pushed me to apply for higher positions within Amazon and encouraged me along the way.  Bottom line, the attitude you bring into the company pretty much determines how well you will do there.  It's a JOB...yes they expect you to work. ", " Amazon is ok at times but its has problems in its management. It is hard to move up and i think that favoritism plays a major role in the company. My coworkers are fun to be around. The hardest part of the job is getting management to understand. The most enjoyable part of the job is its benefits. ", " Good supervision and management The salary is good for a warehouse operative Friendly co workers Standing for long hours may be the difficult part of the work But a lot of concentration lets time pass by quickly without any tiredness. ", " learned different kind of work .which help me to develop different kind of skills in me and .also learned how to work in a fast base environment ", " Amazon is an okay company, but they pick favoritism A LOT. They don't care about their workers. All they care about is making sure you hit your numbers (the one box a minute expectation). If you get hurt on the job they think Bio-Freeze is the cure for everything. There is very little windows of opportunity to advance and there is absolutely NO communication. It's very physically demanding and strenuous on your body doing the same thing over and over again for 10 hours straight (sometimes 11 hours). If I had known how horrible they treat everyone I would never have applied there in the first place. Everyone always talks about looking for ways to get out. ", " A wonderful place to work for those that live in the area. A fast paced setting at your own pace. A very physical job due to all the walking. ", " Everyday is a challenge and there's lots of standing and walking. The people that I work with are very approachable and willing to work with you. We work hard and play hard because Amazon expects results! ", " Amazon is an amazing place to work, it's diverse culture, meeting people from all walks of life is just a blessing.  Management's open door policy, where everyone is there to support you and make your work easy, fair and achievable goals are set. your opinion no matter how small is heard, makes me feel belonged and important. Priority to safety, amazing healthcare benefits, career choice plan, outstanding maternity/paternity leave, paid personal time off etc.. i could go on and on. ", " Amazon is very fast pace and chaotic. I would not like for that to be a long term job. Overall it is a job. My work day always consisted of the same thing. ", " Too much favorites too much overtime hard to balance life and work I don't wanna keep talking about this company. These are the only nice things I can say. ", " The best job i have had. They are really flexible with scheduling you and working around school schedules. The manager is nice but you constantly have different managers. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Taking in 80-150 calls a day was the typical day for all workers. All employees would first check into any promises made to customers and follow up with any results. While working for the company, it improved my ability to research in a limited amount of time. We were expected to learn the entire amazon system within the first 2 weeks of starting. The program given was huge and had a very specific way of finding the correct topic that you needed in order to help the current customer. My co-workers were very nice and would be more than willing to help me or anybody with any issues that they were having. The hardest part of the job would be making sure that everything was correct for the customer that we were assisting. The system was very huge and was very easy to get lost in it while looking at something for the customer. I enjoyed how professional the company was and how they handled everything. They treated their workers very fair and even closed the site in order to host an event for the workers. They also gave customer support power to almost do anything as long as we thought that it was fair. ", " You work 10 hours a day for your shift, I learn getting good rate is very important and that's how you move up, management is very helpful and not cocky, the hardest part of the job is nothing because it's fun everybody's nice and helpful and also you 3 day weekends. ", " Amazon is a inconstant work place, everyday you are up to new challenges. We work as a Team. The co workers are a joy to have there at the job, they make the place fun. Management is understanding if you ever need an barrier resolved. ", " The work here is fast paced but equally combined with fun and very good management.New tasks for you almost everyday and so much to learn. ", " Was always physically demanding and always on a time schedule difficult a lot of the time but equally ok when the staff and management are friendly and are always looking too help. ", " It is very hard to work and It alot of pressure.  Too short 20 min break , But great pay and great Benefits.  There isn't  much to enjoyable at work it always working  . ", " Morning meeting before you hit the floor to drive equipment or walk the floor picking customer packages. Most boring job I have ever had. Although it paid well and the benefits were great the job wasn't for me. Coworkers were ok. Some were not so good...bottom of barrel to fill the gaps. Floor management to ops manager were good. Every body above that although they say the care they don't. Hardest part of the job was waking up knowing I was going into a hot, overcrowded building with no hope of moving up in the company and I was just a number for the company to get their numbers. Most enjoyable part of the job was getting a workout on the dock when I loaded packes. ", " a glim and depressing place that only was a blessing to get out of, walking for 10 hours in hard unsolid boots with 3 breaks that you could have to walk a football field to the canteen during the break, having to walk all over when picking items that wasn't organised in order. only thing I enjoyed was talking to other workers and leaving the place. ", " Company could be great if management was more skilled and actually have work experience themselves. There was to much favoritism in depts. All in all it was an okay place to work. ", " It's a challenging place to work. The work itself is fun, but it is very political. Management is totally focused on meeting numerical goals. People are just numbers, and if you're a temp, then you're a 2nd class citizen. They don't need you because they can always replace you. Our motto at one point was \"Work hard, have fun, make history\" but the workforce changed it to \"Work hard, or you're history.\" ", " Amazon is a great company to learn and grow.  It has been one of the best experiences of my life.  If you are willing to work long hours and display effort Amazon is a great place for you. ", " Long days and very structured. However, there were great benefits and  compensation packages. Very #s driven place and however upper management is concerned about the safety of associates' safety first. ", " Great experience. Learned to troubleshoot on the fly. Management was ok. Co-workers were friendly.  Lots of walking was needed. The best part was working at your own pace. ", " amazon  is a one and a million type of job. you meet people from all over with different views on the company it has its up and downs but what doesn't. great job great people great atmosphere ! ", " a typical day at work would be me coming in going to my locker putting my cell phone and other items into my locker then going to my department and as a group doing our morning stretches then going to my station and scanning items management is really nice and they stick with you until they feel you you are ready to be left alone  my co works are very nice but in my line of work its not time for talking but the hardest part of my job is doing the same thing over and over again its boring and exhausting because your constantly doing the same thing over and over again and the best thing about my job is the people seeing how nice and hard working they are makes you feel like your part of something good ", " Throughout the day you get to watch and play with the children. You are not overworked. You are able to attend many of the outings/field trips the children go on. ", " I enjoy being an Amazon FBA seller it gives me freedom of not having someone on top of me while teaching me business skills necessary such as communicating with wholesalers and suppliers to negotiate prices of products that will be used for Arbitrage sales and expanding my brand, ", " Poor unorganized management.  Very hostile and unsafe work environment.  Do not have the employees  health  or well being in mind when making any decisions. Most Co workers are not friendly and sometimes just down right hostile also.    A typical day is going to work and being  scrutinized belittled and micro managed to the point of threatening your job. ", " Great place to work the managers are involved a lot and they provide good benefits. My co workers was good people. The only thing is that if you are an full time college student you would find it hard because they have long work hours and you have to try and mix that in with school. ", " Amazon is a great place to work for IT. We are treated with some respect to a degree but as all places favorites pop up and you got to be quick. Taking things to a new level and taking ownership is a big key to many of Amazon's beliefs. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is based more for the young intry level type, not for people with families and other jobs, the hours are long and feel very unproductive,I never feel a sence of acomplishment. ", " amazon provides benefits that really make you feel apart of the team I enjoyed working for them and would recommend anyone looking for work. ", " The people at Amazon are great if you ever need help you can always go to your managers and they will help you in any way you need. ", " the company is a good place to work if you want to be lazy and not care about the customers needs. seems to be no sense of urgency among most of the associates ", " Overall it's a fast paced working inviorment, you constantly pick and shrink wrap pallets. Great place if you have warehouse experiences. ", " The part of the Job is the way how you have to pack the stuff in the pods in which theirs no space and to keep you rate up to point when all you had is big items ", " I don't have much bad to say about amazon. They seem to genuinely care about their employees. They have great benefits and emphasize on safety. Most of the employees are all really nice. The only part I can say is a downfall for them is they don't get onto the employees who don't strive to do their best at their job. Most of the promotions are based on seniority so even though someone has terrible rates and always slacks at their job if they've been here longer they have a better chance at being bumped up. I've been with SDF8 since they opened in oct. so I have quite a bit of seniority but I also worked hard to move up as I have so I feel it unfair that others who worked half as much get the same perks. ", " Excellent trainers along with understanding supervisors. The environment is safe and always clean. Friendly people with positive energy. Exciting tournaments to keep everyone motivated. Professional at its finest. ", " stand up in am and at lunch to learn any new information and we strech. Review work board each quarter to find out our job for that time period. As with anywhere so management is very informative and supportive while others are distant. Co workers vary as with any work place, you have the ones who work to help out the team and ones who dont want to work. We all just mainly try and support each other in our daily duties. The hardest part of the job is not getting the support in a timely manner since our rates are based on our weekly assessment. Example, our machine freezes and takes a tech 10 mins to come out we are downa dn our rate drops with it even though it is not our fault it at times it count against us. The most enjoyable is the people and the fun things they do from time to time. ", " My coworkers were wonderful to work with. The managers were very helpful with whatever I needed help with and the company is wonderful. ", " I didn't like it there but the money was great. They always on you about numbers . They also work you too much and disorganized .there were some good times and prizes also. ", " I love the flexibility and atmosphere. Our supervisors are understanding. Its very laid back compared to other warehouse jobs. I'm honored to be a part of such a great company. ", " I really loved this job, because I wouldn't have to drive anywhere, I was able to stay home. Saved a lot of money by not having to drive to an office, however it was difficult due to a lot of website mechanics and log-ins while trying to be fast and help the customer within a couple of minutes. With that being said the reason I had to leave this job was mostly due to me having to move from a valid working location. ", " The money was good. Management wasn't good not a good place with advancement. No one there want to see you do better. It was time for me to go. ", " the typical day at work as a picker first you log in to your scanner find your location and get to work . the good part is everybody get motivated get encouraging words and we stretch to get loose the hard part when you have to pick a item and all the way down A or up high like G and you  need a latter. Co worker or so nice and helpful the most enjoyable part of the job get the chance to win gift cards and prizes I learn to use a RF scanner and what to do if the item is not and the ben or if you cant scan the bar code it a lot of fun but you have to work hard ", " My day started at 9am-6pm. There was always a new task to fulfill. At a constant moving environment, there was always new jobs to learn.   Amazon is full of a wide range of backgrounds, so  there were so many people from different environments to get to know.  Each and everyday brought on new challenges, we were tested by our speed and consistency. In a way it was like a game, prizes were sometimes given as a bonus for all of our hard work. It is a positive place to work at, unlimited possibilities. ", " I recently was fired by Amazon because I was injured on the job. They had video of the incident and I reported it right away. They denied my workers compensation and then fired me. I tore my rotator cuff. They have outrageous standards. They tell you before they train you that Amazon standard is X and then when they train you they expect you to ignore X and do Y. Which is negligence on their part. I could handle the hours even though it left me to drained to do anything else throughout the week. Management lies to you to get you to sign papers and never do they give you copies of write ups. Co-workers there are always trying to take credit for things they didn't do just to get a little recognition. I think the only enjoyable thing about working there is the fact that you do earn personal time off fairly quickly if you are a full time employee ", " As a stower at a fulfillment center, the employee turnover rate is extremely high in my department.  I would only recommend working for Amazon if a person is out of work or needs employment for a brief period of time (like the holidays).  The wear and tear of my job accumulates quickly.  I have worked there eight months, and my feet and hands are always sore.  A stower must be able to consistently reach two metrics:  Rate and Quality.  Rate is how fast you work and Quality is how accurately you work.  To reach the rate, you really have to push yourself for all 10 hours of your shift to attain it.  For Quality, a person can make approximately one mistake per day and make quality for the week.  On the positive side, the health benefits are good.  To conclude, if you take a job there, be realistic about your expectations and don't look at it as a long-term opportunity.  Use it as a stepping stone to something better. ", " Fast paste job but still easy . Meet new and old friends and the money was great. Anything I needed mange many provided. Builden is clean and food was providen on special holidays. ", " Its a good pace job and a good enviorment. There are many different areas to work in so your not just working one area all the time. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I loved working for Amazon and would consider doing so again in the future. The hardest part of the job was getting calls from customers that were already mad and trying to de-escalate the customer's complaint. We were given the freedom to use our own judgement to compensate for mistakes and missed deadlines. ", " Pretty easy work environment for most jobs all around  Some jobs much less tolerable than others  Talking is prohibited no matter how productive you are being  Management feels lost and just doing things to keep people busy and not completing a need  People mostly friendly and easy to work with  Many break rooms easy to get to from almost anywhere in building  Strict rules on break and returning times  Guaranteed hours and comfortable job protection   Straightforward and easy to pick up tasks/ areas to work in  Mandatory overtime when needed ", " Amazon is very difficult and is not for everybody. The demand for productivity is through the roof but upper management seems not to care for its employees health or well being. Within HR and upper management, you are just another number. The positive is the benefits that entail such hard work. ", " Not too bad of a job, you're in a werehouse so its hot and smelly and there are quotas you have to meet. on youre feet constantl and is always moving. surrounded by multitude of people ", " Delivering friendly, efficient customer service and creating a warm and welcoming atmosphere to all customers, with the key aim of retaining and attracting new customers. Responsibilities included: ", " This was a first shift job as well and I really enjoyed. I had no problems getting along with anyone because I worked on the same computer everyday. ", " I enjoyed my time at Amazon.  I am looking for a job with a more stable schedule. Amazon offers excellent benefits and a good working environment.  I simply want a job with a bit less overtime involved.  During peak times employees are required to work up to sixty hours a week for six weeks or more at a time. ", " Amazon believes in hiring managers that have just graduated from college and not people with the experience that is needed to manage the location ", " Usually, stayed busy with sometimes not enough work, however, it was a great place for promotion. People were pretty much friendly for the most part, but management did whatever they wanted to most of the time. ", " the typical day at work as a picker first you log in to your scanner find your location and get to work . the good part is everybody get motivated get encouraging words and we stretch to get loose the hard part when you have to pick a item and all the way down A or up high like G and you  need a latter. Co worker or so nice and helpful the most enjoyable part of the job get the chance to win gift cards and prizes I learn to use a RF scanner and what to do if the item is not and the ben or if you cant scan the bar code it a lot of fun but you have to work hard ", " Amazon made putting things into boxes fun and enjoyable. By doing in house competitions and offering prizes and fun opportunities they made the 12 hour shifts go by quickly. I learned how to work as a team effectively to meet goals. The hardest part about the job was standing in place for hours on end but it was still a good place to work. ", " A typical day at Amazon was to follow zoned work assigned thoroughly and stay on task, no short cuts. Management and co-workers were good. The hardest part about this job was physically adjusting to the late hours. The most enjoyable characteristics of this job was interviewing, hiring, training and having daily meeting with the team. I enjoyed working under Nick Carlson. ", " the staff in the med care do not have a bed side manner and are very rude. The staff are expected to be more physical then marathon runners and when you get hurt you get barley any help. ", " On your feet 10hrs. , get you some good shoes for support. I learned to respect others rolls or positions , and everyone really matters.   Management at Amazon is for the most part, the best you can get in a warehouse environment  i'm sure that. In true, there is far too many managers, it's easy to get lost in translation in a place that big.  Co-workers were good from the start, moral was high, and the building was young and hunger. NOW, moral is a bit lost and co-workers see the job as just a paycheck or dead-end  job. When it's not, you just have to strive for more.  Hardest part of the job, with each passing Peak Season(Holidays) and year ending. Management is often altered, and can knock some associates off a good path of rising in the company. Associates often see these changes and think, favoritism. It's often not, but you could see why some would be upset about that situation.   The most enjoyable part of the job, not just the good pay, not just the freedom of personal time off, no, it's all in all a good place to punch into. ", " Working for Amazon taught me to be very proactive, as tasks can overlapped, so its best to anticipate what will happen down the road. ", " Ive learn lots in many warehouses I've worked in met lots of people working with many people We all have a objective and thats working for what we have and our families we are all just trying to get through life working hard and motivated to get the job done. ", " Easy work, long days. Got fired for stupid reasons, when others get away with the problem I had. They need to get more together sometimes they were changing overtime back and forth. ", " Its a regulaf work place enviroment, coworkers are friendly in hard working, management are also friendly always asking associates about your worries and concerns and will always give feedback ", " The managerial staff was very unorganized and very demeaning. They were indecisive on the process that they would want completed but in turn harp on you if you were not doing it correctly. The atmosphere as far as other employees was hospitable and easy to work around because you could keep to yourself if necessary. The hardest part was the unorganized atmosphere making it hard to know what to do from one day to the next. But on a good day you will find it very easy to work and not stressful at all. ", " It had a nice comforting feeling of friendliness without being too relaxed, you didn't feel like you were just a cog. The management understood that late shifts can be even more tiresome than early shift, so they were a little more lenient on the bathroom breaks. I became quick friends with my co-workers and with us together, we were unstoppable working machines. The hardest part, personally, was standing for 9 to 10 hours. The most enjoyable part of it was the paycheck and the people. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I'm a good collaborator and amina said to do everything correct, talkative always at work , l love to be as correctly as gest no love and tin with justice always ", " file clerk -proof reading writing ,copy paper, doing work file paper A to  Y. and Data Process  dots check on account deposit , copy paper ,pickup mail, pickup bag in money and check. ", " Amazon is a very demanding employer and you will sacrifice your family time if you choose to seek employment with Amazon. Amazon does provide excellent compensation and benefits. ", " The job requires the full attention of an individual as one mistake could land you with a write up while on the other hand if you work without error and above expectations, you are allowed to remain that way until you create an error and get another write up. ", " Always busy on the shop floor Hardwork &amp; perseverance Mixed Management styles Good colleagues Too much shouting, Heavy lifting, Long distance covered End of the shift ", " the day started with stretching then depending on what department needed help I would help in each department. The most enjoyable part working on the holidays they made it fun and you left with gifts. ", " Working for Amazon delivery is a demoralising experience.   The standard day rate works out to be little more than minimum wage and the company attitude towards its staff is not all that pleasant.   Though this could be more to do with the \"delivery drivers\" being \"self employed\" through 3rd Party agencies, but no thought to the drivers work/life balance is paid, and the workload has doubled over the last 2 months, and yet people are being sacked for silly little things.   One employee was sacked for accidentally reversing his van onto a customers lawn, but without damage to the grass. Still Amazon management made the agency end that drivers contract.   Amazon does NOT offer job security. ", " In a days work I would package and build boxes sending them the \"line\" for the packages to be sent to the customers. I would also load trailers and sort packages throughout the shift. ", " Superb company to work for- while there you are given 2 weeks of comprehensive training which equips you to do the job with confidence. Great support network of management, colleagues and an escalations team so you're never left in the dark.  Only qualm would be due to the nature of their business they cannot provide any guarantee of a job after December. Its such a great environment and atmosphere this can leave you very dispirited. ", " It was easy work for 11.50/hr. I enjoyed my job except for the few lazy employees or that majority of the employees didn't know how to make a solid pallet ", " Amazon at days was good then others it was not. If you ask me I would say don't work at amazon cause they pick favorites. They don't go by the book when it comes to rules. They don't care about there employees just the money the employees are getting for them. ", " Amazon is a great company. I like to work over there, I like what I was doing there. I was a packer, and I was doind receive. I use to work at ICQA which is a good department. ", " I liked working with my Coworkers a lot, and being part of a team. I felt like I grew a lot as a programmer of during my time with Amazon. I learned a lot about some of the better development practices at Amazon including Continuous Deployment, Service Oriented Architecture, Dependency Injection. ", " This place is no longer in business , that I heard but if it is you wouldn't want to work here you have to do way to much work in unreasonable amount of time ", " my veiw on amazon was very closed in ,not open minded &amp; made me extremely tired and sore .I Really think that job should only be for men, but I also did meet some great people at the job I also made great money there but I would ever work in the facility again . ", " Amazon is a warehouse where I was a packer who had to meet a daily rate,  I enjoyed the setting working at your own pace. The atmosphere is nice. It a hood place to work. ", " I didn't like the fact that they make you operate a lift, that takes you 50 feet into the air. They train you one day and put inexperienced people on those lifts. ", " Would work a eleven hour shift in four days, and sometime an extra day of overtime. The management/ leadership is the best they didn't abuse their position. ", " Amazon is a fast growing company. The workload is intense and as a result there is often a large turnover. This turnover can be frustrating with management etc. positions taking a long time to be filled and work loads being added to other positions.  As Amazon matures they seem to be hiring better and you can really get some smart, experienced, talented co workers with the opportunity to learn a lot from. There are still however a lot of best practices/ basic processes that need to be installed to make work run smoothly within this big machine. It is exciting knowing that you are working for a \"winner\" however that can quickly run short if you just feel like you're on the hamster wheel.  An exciting but non-fulfilling company to work for however you come away with amazing experience making it a very good stepping stone. ", " I was raised right across the street from Baxter so you can imagine how often I went over there. It was fun and heart warming to help the children. The people over there are nice and careful "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Working for Amazon taught me to be very proactive, as tasks can overlapped, so its best to anticipate what will happen down the road. ", " lots of randomization and context switches for both Individual Contributors and Managers.  Lots of opportunities to be expose to AWS and other latest technologies Amazon builds.  Work with lots of smart people. ", " you work hard , have fun and make history the management team is super  i learned how to work and co exist with people from different backgrounds ", " I love the fact we get to compete for prizes such as best work performance throughout the day. The free pizza appreciation days are cool also ", " Sometimes exhausting and yet sometimes fun to work, being switched between processes makes this job less monotonic.  Overall competitive salary makes it worth working there ", " I would rather not review this company. Thank you for understanding and respecting my decision at this time. have a great day!. ", " Good steady while finishing high school.  Again, loved the customer interaction. I took pride in being the Head Cook.  Got along great with the management. ", " you cant talk to managers you get fired if you report harassment. the pay is ok but not great. ive learned how to be a better inspector ", " Not a good place to work at all, a lot of favoritism and racism no respect for employers at all maybe talked down to disrespected and never recognized for helping build their company ", " You'd start in a start up meeting with your manager and everyone in your department  worst part of the job is trying to always make rate when space is very little to none  learned how to take control, train new hires, how to be a lead for the department  most enjoyable part of the job was being able to learn any new things, you just had to ask ", " When you first start at Amazon it is a fun and innovative place. You quickly learn that everything from the New York Times article holds true. Everyday I come to work heavy with anxiety as everyone is given so much to do and not enough time to do it. ", " Environment is decent, But It is a Lot of hard and demanding work for not enough pay to match the amount of required work, time of in next to non-existent. ", " Typical work day was 12-14 hours but the work was only 4 days a week.  Definite environment full of continuous change.  Good place for the ambiguous learner. ", " You scan your badge, and await time slot, clock in, then head to small meet gathering, discussing goals for today, then everyone is allocated to different sectors throughout warehouse, filling in different tasks, throughout day or night. Was definitely a great learning experience and learned lots from best employers. ", " Good place to work, very caring staff. Hours are pretty set. Only downside it is just part time, most of us would like the full time option or more than 20 hours a week. ", " My review of Amazon is that it can be a good place to learn and grow leadership skills...However it seems like you must watch what you say and who you say things to...And not only that you have to dig deeper in the learning of being a order picker driver as far as using the scanner and making quota everyday and staying on top of the situation without asking for help seemingly.. ", " While working the job at Amazon was pretty good, my issues with working there came from the staffing agency that I got hired through. While I work at an Amazon warehouse I am hired, trained fired or disciplined through the staffing agency. But, Integrity and Amazon management don't like to communicate with each other when it comes to documentation. Was suspended because Amazon never received my diploma from the staffing agency and took two days and a lot of attitude before they admitted the error was on their end. Luckily those two days were days I didn't work anyway so there was no loss in paycheck.   But the job itself was good, you are worked to death in terms of hours and the speed/accuracy that you are required to maintain but getting the $13 an hour paycheck after 40 hours and the weight I lost from the constant workout makes me forget about it. ", " you have to stand for long periods of time and bend , and kneel. very tiring. great pay , awesome benefits and coworkers. the most enjoyable part of the job was incentives. ", " amazon doesn't care about its employees at all. i currently work here &amp; have watched many employees lose jobs over racist views from management. it's literally like working at a slaveship. don't waste your time with this one. it's systematically set up for no growth to be obtained. do your research, before you die here.   p.s.  I'm pretty sure only the management is writing all these \"positive\" generic reviews lol ...think about it. ", " Everyday begins with a group stretch for each department which has the manager announcing the amount of freight, its quality, and work expectations for the day. There you learn how to maintain a steady pace and a high quality performance. Managers expect the best from their employees for the quality can grant incentives and rewards. Employees range in various ways from ethnicity, age, and location. People commute from all over the state to work. It's difficult to move, pick orders, and maintain a high quality rate for the job duty. Employees are constantly on their feet and moving quickly. The most enjoyable part of the job is the fact that employees actually gain friends and are able to be social while accomplishing the daily goals set by management. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " My job consists in :  - generating documents (letters, contracts), - keying data in our internal system, - organizing the day one agenda for our new hires, - following up the employee life cycle (end of probation, promotion, conversion, transfer...), - continuously improve the processes. ", " Job is very tiring and exhausting , not enough breaks and shifts are too long for that kind of job. All you do is walking. Wish they would pay more. ", " Depending on your department, you will walk about to twenty miles per day, which is not the worst part. Every job is repetitive with very little variation. Pay raises are regular, but they are small at twenty-five cents every six months, topping out after three years, so really it is not so much a raise as a regular cost of living adjustment. Most people work four ten-hour shifts, with three days off.   Co-workers are fine, but but management is a joke. Most managers see their current position as a temporary assignment and are just trying to perform well enough to get their next bump, which they achieve by hitting departmental performance benchmarks, which comes on the backs of the Tier 1 workers. Managers most sympathetic to their subordinates see their careers stagnate or quit on their own after burning out. The more ambitious will do what they have to get their promotion. Most employee interaction will not be with managers, unless they are due to receive negative performance feedback. Process Assistants, i.e. departmental assistant managers, are left to do most of the face-to-face work with employees, and again, their humanity is inversely proportional to their ambition. I have had a P.A. give me positive feedback for zero work quality errors while achieving 150% of expected rate for the week, and five minutes later berate me for taking two minutes to talk to a friend. In short, never be not moving.   I am a hard worker, but I appreciate being treated as a human being, and that short of treatment is in short supply with this company. Raise legitimate concerns re: workplace ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> safety or something else, expect to see a sympathetic face with zero actual change for improvement.    It's a decent wage if you are coming from fast food work or something similar, but with very little (practically zero) opportunity for advancement and slow and limited raises, one should not count on remaining with this company indefinitely. ", " Amazon has been a great opportunity and experience thus far. There is a lot of career paths and ways to move up in the company. The benefits package is wonderful. The management and co-workers are all on a level playing field and there is an open door policy with all associates. The 10hr work day is ok and there is a lot of manual labor involved and pacing yourself is required. The hardest part of the job is the 10-11hr work days and the mandatory overtime that is required during peak season. Being a single mom of three the hours make it difficult to balance work and home life. This job is a fantastic opportunity for the right canadites. It is fast paced with plenty of room to move up very quickly. ", " The hardest part of the job is going in the box and finding the items when you are a picker. The good thing about it is you have to be productive. ", " Amazon is a inconstant work place, everyday you are up to new challenges. We work as a Team. The co workers are a joy to have there at the job, they make the place fun. Management is understanding if you ever need an barrier resolved. ", " When i used to work at amazon i learned  how to receive pick tickets from supervisor,reading orders to find out catalogue number, size, colour, and quantity of merchandise,packing and weighing orders,placing incoming items on records, picking customers order for shipping,organising items for pallets ", " It was a nice place to work, great team leadears, good team, I learned lots of things, I would gladly go back ", " They need to work on the management There is a high turn over rate there cause they treat there employees bad ", " Awesome place to work. Great opportunity for anyone, Career opportunity. During my time there, I developed life lasting skills and work ethic! . ", " Other then the medical benefits there is nothing positive to say. I worked there for 5 months. When I asked a senior mgr at my location what the Amazon turnover rate was at our location DFW6 I was told it was 2% a week. When I told him that means a year from today none of the 250 employees currently employed would be there in a year he seemed stunned. What company has a 100% turnover in a year. 10 hour shifts on your feet. If you sit down you are warned once and the next time you are gone, Slave labor or as someone said the Walmart of the internet, ", " Management did not relate well with non-management personnel or resolve issues with the company employees. The shifts were 10 hours long and were often very physically demanding .The company refused to provide reasonable accommodation for previously sustained injuries. ", " Amazon was my very first warehouse job, and also my first experience in production. I learned the importance in time management and accuracy. Although I enjoyed the fast paced work, working at amazon was very tiring. ", " During my time with Amazon I was able to expand my knowledge in the warehouse position.  I met some amazing people there as well. ", " A typical day at work goes as follows I would get there clock in look at the board to see where I have to stow or stock shelves for Amazon's clients, and then I go to the location and get limbered up and ready for work.  After that grab a scanner, and then a cart and start putting things on shelves.  What I learned was how to read a scanner, how to properly put items on shelves and how to use my time wisely, because there is a rate on how many items to be put on the shelves.  To me the management was pretty good they listened to me, and treating me with respect but not everybody like them.  The hardest part of the job was keeping up with rate that I mentioned before, if you didn't fulfill the rate you were going to be coached, meaning while you were being talked to you still were expected to make rate.  What made this even worse is when there was no room on the shelves.  The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to not have to stow or stock the shelves was called water spidering meaning getting the items ready to be put on the shelves. ", " A typical day at work consisted of being assigned a cart of products to photograph for the website and then I photographed them following the specific guidelines for each product. I learned a lot about lighting for product photography, which has helped me improve my photography skills. I also learned how to improve my time management skills since being efficient is one of the most important parts of the job. My coworkers were very helpful and answered any questions I had, so I learned a lot from them, as well. The hardest part of the job was the commute since I lived an hour and a half away from work. The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to do the kind of photography that I love to do. ", " It is a very busy, stressful job on an every day bases with long hours and must be very flexible with work life balance and working hours ", " great day at work  learned a lot of new skills picking packing ect good management  co workers were great  no hard part  all of it ", " over all a good company to work for but they need to work on their communication skills with their employees. Great hours if you enjoy working 12 hr shifts. good free coffee at all times. Miss my supervisor he was awesome. ", " overall great company, some shifts are a lot easier to manage work and school. Management overall is good and work with employees. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I work very hard to make my rate everyday that I work. The managers are very good with the employee. The hardest think at work is make the rate. I love when the manager go and tell that I'm doing a good job. ", " Amazon is a wonderful company to work for. You can move up in the company.The managers are unorganized and sometimes not available when you need them. The management team as a whole is very unprofessional. ", " taking into store and then deliver packages, go to each client where you delivered packages have a machine that shows you the route and where to go pack ", " A typical day at work is very busy and fast paced. My responsibility on the job was to restock the shelves with items so that the customers are able to buy them online. I have learned to use time wisely and how to work with my co workers in a cordial way. The management was kind of off because they would make us do the unimportant work first and wait until the last minute to do the major assignments later. Also, they would hire the workers that lacked on the job over the employees that actually worked hard. There was never a time where the job was too hard. Around Christmas; it became stressful because of how claustrophobic it becomes when employees come in for overtime. The most enjoyable part of the day is when its not so stressful on the job and we will be able to work and talk to each other. I liked the fact that we treated each other like family. ", " Our days at Amazon start with stretching and hyping the crew up. Safety first! I've learned many new skills and acquired many certifications through Amazon. Unfortunately, the management at Amazon Fulfillment Center does not value their employees. I cannot speak for all Amazon Fulfillment Center locations but the standards to which certain locations uphold themselves to have definitely dropped. Many of the veterans at Amazon that have not gone for higher positions are very knowledgeable and great people to work with. The hardest part of the job is dealing with management. Sadly, if you have a degree in Culinary Arts or any other unrelated job degree, than you qualify for a management position at Amazon. About a 2 years ago Amazon was a great place to work at because the crew was great, including Management, and everyone had fun while working and being safe.  ", " its like a big family everyones the pace is fast and hard you just have to stay on task I love working there and would go back anytime ", " *A typical day was 10 hours, 6pm-4:30am.  *I learned mainly what the company was all about as far as products and services offered to customers.  *management was pretty much just that managing, each and every situation,employee as needed. Informative to their employees and helpful.  *Co-workers were hard workers, different age groups and backgrounds. All about striving for perfection  *The hardest part of job was getting the rates needed to keep and maintain your job,  *The enjoyable part was the knowing of stability of employment and the ability to do job at pace needed, which made job easy and time move through out the shift. ", " Productive and fun workplace, friendly stuff, fast phase, and constantly changes  loved working there but it's time for me to move on. ", " Mangers depend on a computer to monitor your work, as they play around with other associates or just disappear. Also the hr team and medical team can careless about the associate unless they're dying; if you get sick and start throwing up at work with no hours, too bad they're going to make you stay unless you want negative hours. ", " Amazon does pay decently and has decent benefits but everyone is falsely happy. You are taught to be empathetic to  customers, trust the customer, befriend the customer, but when it comes to you as an employee, you don't get empathy. They expect you to be glued to your phone and computer for ten hours a day aside from a small break and your lunch. You have to meet weekly to discuss your performance and even if you do  everything you're told, you still get told to do better. You have to send out a survey to every customer you speak to and all it says is \" Did I solve your problem yes or no\" and that is how they rate you. If you get a mean customer or a person who wants you to do something you're not allowed to you can get a no and if you get enough no's it will put you in the bottom 15% and you will be put on performance plan which is nothing but extra meetings to discuss your performance and if you don't get more 'yes' surveys you will be fired. ", " Amazon sadly was one of the worst employers I have ever had.  The shifts were ten hours long and supervisors monitored every minute of our productivity.  This included going as far as counting the minutes it would take for us to use the restroom.  Amazon had an uncomfortable obsession with the speed of your work (management designated this our \"rate\") to the point where your own quality of work would suffer.  Managers constantly threatened demotions if associates did not \"make rate\".  Usually this was some absurd productivity standard that would periodically get more demanding.  Mandatory overtime was announced with outrageously late notice on numerous occasions, negatively impacting important appointments and family obligations.   Amazon offers great deals for their customers, unfortunately that's largely made possible by how poorly their employees at treated. ", " One of the best companies I have had the experience to work with. Very professional in all that they do, safety is very important in the workplace and Amazon is all about safety. ", " Overall it wasnt a bad place to work at. There are few things that bothered me but sometimes i even felt good in the team. The working hours are very lon tho. ", " Managers were nice and created a safe work environment I learned how important it was to create satisfied customers by handling each order with care my co-workers were great to get along with hardest part of the job was being on my feet for 10-11 hours a day the most enjoyable part of the job was getting a good work-out and accomplishing goals ", " Everything about working here sucked.  They don't care about you.  Too worried about getting your numbers and being off task. ", " A typical day at work was 'Your speed doesn't matter, safety and accuracy. But, you have to do this amount, otherwise you get written up, so it does matter.' The days of that you have? You don't have off. There was a serious lack of communication from the management level, conflicting stories and you basically had no life outside of it. It takes an hour to find parking and 2-60 minutes to get out of the parking lot when you leave. When you were doing the 11 hour shifts, you basically had no time to yourself. ", " Very fun and relaxed enviorment family oriented have to live being around kids and have patience with children and always have a smile on your face always be happy ", " Its a photo job but not very creative, but the money can be alright if you really need work immediately. High production required along with High pressure. ", " Straight into orientation the staff was already talking about adult toys and how people would take them to the bathroom use them then restock them. Every new person that addressed us on orientation talked non stop about adult toys and telling stories. Strike 1 for me. Strike 2 was when we had our maybe 3 hours of training he talked about adult toys non stop plus cussed. Strike 3 is when I ask my trainer a question he said  its not rocket science so I left. And don't order from them and let then blame any damage on the carrier that stuff is stocked damaged and crammed in there You will have no family life. ", " amazon was a laid back environment, the people were cool, it was just super hot in the building. Long shifts, And early mornings. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " They say to work smart not harder, unfortunately the facility does not approve of that because you work hard every day over exhausting yourself for a 'thank you, but not necessary' when you go above the call of duty to help improve the working environment for you and fellow employees. Also expect to work for those speedy numbers because that is all they ever care about instead of generating actual (TRUE) numbers.   The management is filled with mostly people that have no clue of what their department or its processes and expect them to properly manage it. I even spoke to the head of the ICQA department and he had no idea the type of processes that we did everyday. There are even very young adults that just cannot handle the job and let the department fall apart in a few weeks. It was a good thing for me I switch from nights to days before the one good manager was transferred.  There are issues with the way they treat and harass their pickers for not making the numbers and many of them lose their jobs from it because the system is completely a random draw of the hat. This means you go all over the place walking from point A to 70 aisles down and then across and then 10 more aisles down to get to point B. The path is set-up to fail if you do not run till your toes and fingers bleed to quickly get your item, but the inventory is mesh-up badly that you will be searching for a needle in a hay stack. So they need to improve the picking path by doing whats is known tactic in warehousing known as 'serpentine pick.' With that setup you will be able to move down the same row all the ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> way to the end and work your way to the next row going through every aisle without having to jump from one location to somewhere very far off. This will improve production and make it easier on the pickers to actually get their numbers.         The bins in the whole facility are so disorganize you have food, children toys, and hygienic products next to pesticides, detergents, or oils that should not be even near those products because of health risk (open or not); which is funny because they say, \"treat it as a retail business.\" There is also issues with peak season that there is never any room because of the organization of the all the inventory is just mash-up together instead of being set-up as an organize retail business. If they were to reorganize their entire stocking of items to be on par as an actual retail business they might even reduce suspected thefts of all the foods and other products. Also it would reduce the amnesty (items falling from bins) down than adding bin drawers to every bin reducing the space and making life even harder for everyone.  This will create easier placement, access, safety, health, quality, productivity, and security for their own employees to actually come in for once and actually enjoy and not have a rough day trying to do their job while not being chewed up by management for not making their numbers. ", " Secure place to work, a lot of shifts are four, ten hour days leaving three days off which is nice. Amazon gives great benefits right at the start of employment. The work is extremely repetitive, and gets boring quick ", " Effective time management Extremely demanding working environment Fast paced Supervisors breathing on your neck at all times. ", " Many leadership positions are filled with very young people who are often still in high school it college mode. They make people PG, etc... if they are friends or dating etc.  It's mostly a popularity contest and not about hitting your numbers with most leadership. If you pack (and cheat and break rules like cherry picking for large quantities), you will be applauded and rewarded. In The end, people who work hard and stay close to their ethics won't go anywhere. There is no point in bringing it up to leadership because they will make up excuses for everything. ", " This company is for you to get your money at the time it is presented to you. its hard work and hardly no rest time with managers always on your back. ", " Job advancement takes 2 years. Very low pay for warehouse labor. Short hours of 4 per day. Not the kind of job to be looking forward to working. ", " busy at all times, hardest part was finding picked items that were missing or misplaced, the most enjoyable part of the job was that I stayed busy, 12 hour shifts ", " A Typical Physical Labor Demanding Warehouse Job.. Temporary Work For A College Kid Who Is Trying To Find A Quick Source Of Income. ", " Amazon is a great company to work for. A typical day working at Amazon would consist of a lot of hard work how ever before you know it the day has gone by. Very fast pace. ", " As I done nightshift, I didn't have much of a social life so I was solely involved in my work. they were usually 40 hour weeks yet sometimes it was 60. the most enjoyable part of my work was the people they were all well natured and fun, they made the hard work easier. The hardest part though was the long hours but I got past it and got on with the job. ", " I just didn't like working there the supervisers was ignorant the security was don't more laughing and joking then actual work people handleing goods with no respect forklift drivers driving dangerously ", " I learnt a lot from this experience and thoroughly enjoyed working here. I worked long hours and it was very challenging. ", " I've been with Amazon for almost 2 years now, and there are many internal systems and procedures in place that are broken and that need work.   A typical day for myself includes coming in to a previous shifts incompleted work, and trying to make sense of the mess that is left. On occasion there may be good days, but many of the systems in place such as communications, the generalizations and avoidance of answers regarding serious issues happen, along with consistent changes in management, that leave a tier 1 associate feeling a bit forgotten. ", " 7:00am to 5:00pm I learned to pick pack drive a forklifts management issuing out assignments great co-workers walking 15 miles or more while picking on the floor coaching other employee, being able to respond to emergency  as a EMT-B ", " Very Fast Paced Environment and Plenty of Work to do. Amazon is a very demanding place and also an important business that helps consumers shop and buy online ", " Amazon is a very diverse place to work. The enviroment is fast paced and management allows minimum growth within the company. Amazon alone has very good benefits. ", " I honestly wouldn't recommend anyone to work for menzies because the management is completely terrible &amp; they are definitely disorganized. They don't want to pay their employees &amp; are extremely rude. ", " Offered many hours with decent pay. Was good with procedure. Very active environment. Potential was shown and opprotunities to grow was always on the table ", " learned a lot from what they had to offer. Taught me on many different types of forklifts and I was a very quick learner and enjoyed my days working there. the other employees and management loved to have me there everyday. They asked me for my opinions on the job and I always tried to increase production and moral for all other co-workers. when new seasonal or full-time employees came in I gave them all the knowledge I learned and taught them at a pace I felt was good for everyone to understand. My days at amazon were some of the best times working I've had and the friends/co-workers made me smile everyday ", " Amazon is a great place to work if you are looking for stability in a work place. The management is really good at making everyone feel appreciated for what they do for Amazon. They also provide you with  simple ways to find help if you aren't getting grasping something. I enjoyed my time at Amazon and appreciate the way that I have grown since working there. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is resistent to change and lacks consistency across their network of fulfillment centers. Even in a management role, most duties were centered around hourly tasks in order to keep the operation sustainable due to incredibly high turnover at all levels and rapid change of direction in the company operation.  Communication is lacking from senior management down, resulting in a career that changes hourly. Upon returning from a day off, the operation had typically changed drastically. This created challenges, as Amazon does not have ongoing training and very little effort is put into the on-boarding process. ", " its a good place to work and my manager is the best anyone can wish for. he smiles and inter-ract with us like we are of the same caegory. its a good place to work and their benefits are awesome. ", " great environment to work in I WOULD LOVE TO GO BACK. con was it was a seasonal position hopefully I can get back into the job and go full on hire. amazing experience ", " Assisting customers with there parcels..How to handle irate customers from all walks of life ..Management can be great ..Love working with my Team mates..Hardest part if you don't make the cut to be permanent its hard to leave. Working with great people with a good vibe that Amazon alone possesses  .. ", " a typical work day can be from building stuft to throwing away stuft ,but you have to follow the managers tasks every group is giving individual tasks to complete so that way every group has different assignments to do i learned very little from hear because the agency i worked for had me on a \"only need you to work when i need you'' the co-workers were hard working and cool management were good people  the hardest part of the job was the job itslef manual labor if thats your cup of tea, i did it only because i had to do it, ", " I enjoy the physicality of the job.. It is great exercise.  I enjoy my co workers and the camaraderie.  The supervisors are very helpful, always willing to answer questions for new employees.  The work flow is very organized and our shifts go very smoothly. ", " good place to work but theirs fraud with their attendance and workin 10 hours a day is very hard for parents who has children and a family to attend to as well some top coworker are very lazy in sending or getting documentation for disability at the time I was working for maternity leave and they didn't even have a place the pregnant women can work ", " The 10 hour shifts with large amounts of madatory overtime do not cover for the minimum wage pay provided. The management was handled poorly because they can barely keep us motivated. Alot of workers want to leave home all the time and when they do offer us voluntary time off the give us a slap in the face by cancelling it after everyone who needed it signed up. ", " If you are married and have kids, to add them to your health care will cost $700-$900 a month. ON top of that it has a $500 per person per year deductible. Car plan is bad. No real bonus program for doing well in the field. If you don't have a call at say 330, they will give you a call that will take and hour to drive to, leaving less than 30min to deal with it. They expect you to deal with dispatch prior to 8 which is illegal since you are off the clock. They really don't know what they are doing. I've never thought it was a good ideal to make a field tech a service manager, it's rare when they make a good manager. They tend to forget what the field was like, they probably couldn't meet the goals they set. Just stay away from this company. Frankly, forklift drivers can make more and it'd be less stressful ", " In the working environment I gained experience in handling the barcode laser scanner gun and working under fast pace during peak times. ", " Standing in one spot scanning items for inventory. I learned to work careful and pay attention because it is about quality then becoming more efficient increasing your quantity and rate Management offered techniques to improve if rate was low The co workers were cooperative and work in a team well The job was really not hard at all The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting good people that helped me succeed ", " My experience with Amazon was not a good one first their location was bad I would have to drive 45 minutes just to get to work and then on top of that Amazon writes people up for any minor infraction. ", " They never cared that I had classes to go to after work and forced me to stay late . I think my supervisors were uneducated and privileged and only got their job through \"connections\" . Many of my supervisors didn't even have any management experience. Overall, the pay was decent for NYC but I will never go back there. If you want a job that actually cares about you, look elsewhere. ", " You learn your job but there are so many chances to learn different jobs in other departments. All the higher ups are super nice, it's like a big family and they genuinely care about you and your safety more than anything. ", " For 10 hours, being a picker, I would simply read the screen, and find the item that's on the screen in the robot. Once I get the item, I scan the product and reside it in a tote until it's time for it to be sent off for packaging. ", " It's an okay job, but not something I'd try to make a career out of. The management expects so much from you when they barely do anything. ", " On a typical day I deal with calls doing technical support for our customers with regards to downloading music,movies and games from our website.  I learnt different ways to troubleshoot software issues and expanded my technical knowledge.  Management works well and allows us to make decisions for ourself with regards to assisting our customers.   My co-workers and me work as as team and gel well like a family to help each other with the work load.  The hardest part of my job would be when you not able to assist a client due to not having enough information from the client to assist them.  The best part of my is the people I work with and the work environment, ", " I have worked with Amazon for about 2 1/2 Years now and I love it! Amazon offers great benefits and growth from within! I recommend anyone who is looking for something stable with growth to give Amazon a shot! ", " fast pace work environment, on your feet, can not sit down, bathroom breaks are frown upon. you are constantly being monitored ", " Amazon was a great company to work, and I  was sad to go. I had to leave because I needed a place closer or easier to get to than Joliet. I currently have no car. Amazon taught me a lot about myself and how to work very hard under pressure. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " very knowledgeable job. required to stand 10 hours a day , which got easier as time went on. The job was very culture friendly. Managers were not so good. overall, goo place to work and learn from ", " If you're not a young person who has just entered the workforce you will HATE this job. Anybody who has had a decent job before will clearly see that Amazon is a disgustingly terrible place to work. Management is awful. Amazon brings in new managers every 6 months or so, none of which are over the age of about 25 so you could imagine how thing are ran. HR also consists of teenagers who also have inconsistent answers.   The job function itself is mindless, repetitive labor. I worked in ICQA and often times I was isolated for my entire shift bored out of my mind doing thoughtless dull labor. And the worst aspect of it all, is the \"time off task\" (TOT) policy, which is the calculated minutes where one is not scanning/working. The TOT policy is in place to make associates feel like prisoners. TOT is a form of micromanagement on steroids. Managers are able to track everything you do based on your scans. if you have not scanned an item in FIVE minutes, for instance, you went to the bathroom, got a drink of water, got aspirin for a migraine, etc. those moments count against you.   When working 10 hr shifts, plenty can happen to where you have to briefly step away from your scanner but management was too idiotic to comprehend that. All they care about is you hitting your numbers, as far as they are concerned you are a nameless chattel responsible for carrying out amazons dream. So from having poor management, dull work, and feeling like a prisoner as you're micromanaged, Amazon is ridiculous. ", " Fulfillment warehouse is not the place to work. If you want to work there, do so at the cost of your sanity and your ethics and morals. Amazon has favoritism that is rampant at the warehouse. If you work hard you may not get any other opportunities to advance in the department you work on. They are the kind of company that make you become a robot. Management does not care about you. When you tell management about anything that is wrong, they don't do anything about it(This includes safety issues). They are a numbers driven company, not a people company. I have many times told management that I want to do more at Amazon. But they never put me in any other opportunities to advance, So I say  if you want to work here, do so at your own risk. ", " There are no room for improvements, They will tear you down to point you don't want to work there or they will find a way to fire you improperly. It is all about a number and do not train you completely right on anything, which will give them excuse to fire/terminate you. ", " I worked 10 hours a day 4 days a week.  I learned how to use a pallet jack manually.  The most enjoyable part of the job was getting the 3 days off.  It was hard at first getting use to the 10 hours a day.  We had 2 fifteen minutes breaks a day when we had peak season which we had to work 11 hours a day we would have 3 breaks.  I enjoyed the work when I did Inducts.  I had several managers and they were all every nice. ", " Begin by logging in and taking calls I learned how to deal with a vast number of customers on a day to day basis management was real down to earth I would say shared interest and was flamboyant co workers were also flamboyant but overall friendly hardest part of the job was irritate customers and most enjoyable was the nice customers ", " i love the different cultures that work there.  everyone was enjoyable.  Managers were easy to talk to. nothing hard about the job. typical day at work can be enjoyable.  They don't hover over you to do your job. grade items and make rate.  Not very hard. my co workers make my day enjoyable. ", " I am still yet to find a place where i can compare the friendly working cooperation been exhibited in the company. All the workers carry out their responsibilities as a team. ", " Working at Amazon has not been okay for me. I love the pay wage and love the hours. The one thing I didn't love while working at there Moonachie location is the pay issues I have had. I don't like Amazon's attitude when it comes to paying there employees. There were actually times where they have not paid me for the days I actually worked. There Fulfillment center was not kept clean therefore my face would break out and my skin would be itching constantly. It was not a blast working here. ", " I would work a 10 hour shift.  Daily warehouse work required lifting and walking all day long.  Good communications.   Lunch room appeared to be clean.  It was a good place to work ", " As a Fullfillment Associate it allows me to fullfill orders for customers and I like that feeling of accomplishment. The benefits provided to employees well exceed those of other companies providing the same service. ", " a typical day at work involved a briefing in the morning followed by an 11 hour day.  management were not friendly and a lot of the time they were rude. co-workers had the same attitude as management, extremely rude. ", " I enjoyed working there but to a point. They didn't give you very long to go on a break, I got shouted at for not clocking off when I did and there is CCTV to prove that. If you have a day off and they change roles you have no idea where you're supposed to go if you're new. Co-workers were okay, friendly and supportive. ", " I work at packing department, i really enjoy it because it's up to you if you want to qualify and meet rate and their standards what they're looking for. I really enjoy working there and communicating with co workers as well, we all work as a team work. Because we help each other by trying to get all the shipments out as fast as we can. And searching for all the items. I think the hardest part of the job may be the long working hours, i work 10 hour shifts. But work 4 days straight, and have 3 days off so i guess that makes up for it. ", " A typical day at Amazon was sweaty, much like a rat race to meet rate requirements. I learned how to make use of a pick gun and become fast at identifying items from picking out key words on the gun. Management was friendly, yet firm. There was not much time in an average work day to get to know my co workers. Everyone is in a hurry and focused. The hardest part of the job was making rate with bad pick paths. A bad pick path is one where your pick gun sends you from one end of the pick mod to another or has you switching floors every few items. The most enjoyable part was pretty much any day with a good pick path. ", " A lot of walking working with my hands and scanning product great team leads laid-back co-workers walking all day I enjoy everything about this job ", " 4 ten hour days per week, excellent benefits, hourly pay plus monthly variable compensation pay, annual stock grants.Fast paced work environment in a customer centric company. We also have a career choice program where Amazon can help with schooling costs!  Amazon is growing crazy fast! We also provide an opportunity to learn various jobs within the warehouse environment. ", " Very productive. Management wasn't really that good. Can get very tiring, but will keep you in shape. If you like staying active, then this is the job for you. ", " it's hard job, however, the environment was healthy, i have learned to work  individually  as well as in team,people there were so coopeartive. ", " Safe place to work, fun place to work, three days off a week, exciting work load, and nice people to work with, great management, good benefits. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I enjoyed working at Amazon. Their Benefit Package is excellent! I would encourage anyone who works hard to apply! The management Teams are great! ", " Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity. Resolved product issues and shared benefits of new technology. Assisted customers with store and product complaints. Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer complaints. Stocked and rotated inventory regularly ", " I would rather like go to the moon without protective gear than work in a horrible company. 0% job security, 10-hour straight walking, Pick 138 items an hour and annoying managers (who even doesn't know how to run scanner properly).  Absolutely 0% of chances to grow within the company (if you get hired by SMX you are busted, one of the earth's annoying coaches and supervisors supervise you. When I ask some technical question about the job, they just stare at your face) You will get white badge if you hired by SMX and let me clear one thing every single responsibility or work is for white badge people and every single benefit only for blue badges (permanent employees). If you are a white badge employee you even don't get your gloves to use from vending machine with your badge, you have to ask manager every single time to get gloves. Spoiler alert DONT WORK IN AMAZON EVER IF YOUR LIFE REALLY MATTERS TO YOU. ONE OF MY HORRIBLY WRONG DECISION TO WORK WITH THEM. ", " Come prepared to work in stand for your entire shift . Look forward to meeting and working with great people. There\"s room for growth and every area of the warehouse.Management try to be there for whatever the situation maybe. ", " there is its pros and its cons the customer service expectation is awesome and there is plenty of room for growth within the company ", " Only worked in the packing department, so I can't say how it's like for the other departments. Managers have always treated me well. Work went by fast. It's too bad there was a high turnover rate. ", " Working at amazon was a cool experience because while working there you get this feeling of being part of something bigger. Which you were because the facility was so huge with hundreds of worker all doing there part. At times it was a bit overwhelming but it wasn't anything i couldn't handle. I also enjoyed the work days of 4 days on 3 days off, giving me plenty of time to still enjoy my none work life.I would've stayed working there longer but personal life complications that were out of my hands interfered with me continuing my job with them. Overall a good place to work would do again if i had the chance. ", " I worked 12 hours a day 5 days a week with 2 half hour breaks and a 1 hour lunch break the management was very good and professional. ", " I enjoyed my time here. Ch1 works really hard at making your time as a peak season worker fun. Parking and traffic is CRAZY !! It can be a mad house of sorts so they take the extra steps needed for you   to enjoy the work environment. ", " Open and close. Make food orders for patience and visitors. Get things ready for the next day. Worked every other weekend which I liked because I had a weekend to myself ", " Vending machines coffee machine refrigerators microwaves they're system is a little messed up due to background check in and the way they just be deactivating people need to figure and fixing that other than that it's a great place to work out great money ", " Amazon is a place for people with no family no personal life no other obligations other than Amazon. The pay is great but the long hours and the way they treat their employees is no compensation. ", " easy to adapt to and very fast pace. great pay for service . they do not over work you. it was not a difficult work place at all . ", " Best Security company ISA through which I worked in amazon. It was good job where I can work and study together. Nearest job to my house. Miss that place already. ", " A typical day consists of picking, stowing, and receiving items. it is a very high paced environment. The people are very nice and respectful. The managers are very nice. ", " I had a mixed experience at amazon. The pay was excellent, but their trianing was severely lacking. I felt a lot of pressure to work faster than I could due to inadequate training. ", " A typical day at Amazon was to follow zoned work assigned thoroughly and stay on task, no short cuts. Management and co-workers were good. The hardest part about this job was physically adjusting to the late hours. The most enjoyable characteristics of this job was interviewing, hiring, training and having daily meeting with the team. I enjoyed working under Nick Carlson. ", " Not much bad to say about Amazon. I wish I had been kept as a full-time employee when my seasonal ended. Could have worked there the rest of my life, or moved into HR/Management and used that experience to find something else equally great.  The atmosphere and people were excellent. Management is very personable and helps when needed.  Games and Ping Pong in the break area. Free food once in awhile. Get to be part of a team and there's a strong bond formed. Very sad to leave. ", " While working at amazon I learned how to work with a team to complete an overall goal. I also learned the importance of building a strong relationship with my managers to help/guide me to completing my/our company goal. ", " I've found from working here is that the culture is output oriented. If you are demonstrating success and getting your work done at a high level, they are actually extremely flexible about hours and I've found my quality of life here to be incredibly high. I work hard, certainly, but I also have a well balanced life and I love my job. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This job was great other than me standing on my feet the whole 12hrs ...the people were nice, great food.  Great place too work... ", " Amazon fails at showing appreciation to their employees. Unfair advancements, No matter how hard you work or how long you've been in the company. TPA1 is the worst place to work. Management is horrible thanks to their use of the S.T.A.R method to promote employees. ", " Amazon is a good company but it's no joke there. You have to maintain a productivity rate consistently or you will be fired. There's many people who want to work there so the company doesn't have to put up with mediocre work from their employees. What I like the most about being an order picker was that you didn't have a supervisor breathing down your neck every minute, and that a ten hour shift went by real fast because you're constantly working. They do print out your productivity rate between break periods and lunch, so you have an idea how good or bad you're doing. ", " I would walk in, do my job and go home. First few weeks were very painful. You were more or less isolated and able to do your own thing. The co-workers were all great, everyone there was very hardworking. ", " Amazon is a fun place to work, i enjoyed my time there. It is very well organised with plenty of support if needed. There is always someone to help with any problems that may arise in the workplace.  I had never used a RF gun/ hand scanner before but was shown in great detail how they worked.  The management were very hands on and always approachable with any questions or concerns that arose.  The hardest part of the job was lack of job security, it could end at any time and that was the most difficult part.  Most of my co workers were a joy to work with. As with all workplaces everyone did not get along. ", " Obviously I have been making a lot of fun and hard work without any complication. We have a very good open door policy for all employees. Amazon recognize hard working employees and reward them. ", " I could write volumes on how awful it is to work at Amazon. It is and it isn't. I was there for nearly a decade and I learned a tremendous amount. I played a major contributing role in delivering the largest global data center expansion in history. I could complain, but I won't. I was free to leave at any time. The fact is that working for Amazon is an experience unto itself. Some people can hack it, most last about 18 months and are \"managed out\". I wouldn't go back, purely because the work/life balance is so far out of calibration. Beyond that, I've never worked so hard in my life. ", " A typical work day at amazon would be scanning items into totes to be stowed or it could be running a line making sure nothing stops production it also could be taking in items that customers have returned ", " I work at packing department, i really enjoy it because it's up to you if you want to qualify and meet rate and their standards what they're looking for. I really enjoy working there and communicating with co workers as well, we all work as a team work. Because we help each other by trying to get all the shipments out as fast as we can. And searching for all the items. I think the hardest part of the job may be the long working hours, i work 10 hour shifts. But work 4 days straight, and have 3 days off so i guess that makes up for it. ", " A face pace work environment. I learned and reinforced my ability to make decisions to help the overall output. Attentive management. Great Co-workers. ", " Really its a simple job just scanning and putting items away until it's time to go :) and only bad part is leaving because everyone just on the interstate and speeds home! ", " Amazon is a great place to work for IT. We are treated with some respect to a degree but as all places favorites pop up and you got to be quick. Taking things to a new level and taking ownership is a big key to many of Amazon's beliefs. ", " you cant talk to managers you get fired if you report harassment. the pay is ok but not great. ive learned how to be a better inspector ", " As a Fullfillment Associate it allows me to fullfill orders for customers and I like that feeling of accomplishment. The benefits provided to employees well exceed those of other companies providing the same service. ", " Amazon.com is one of if not the best place on earth to work research will also tell you that. They have one of the best salaries for customer service agents like my self. ", " Amazon teaches a diverse range of skills, everything from inventory control, packing and shipping, to driving heavy machinery. However, managers worry only about their own advancement and bonuses, not caring much about employees. The hours are only good if you manage to get a day shift of 4 10's, otherwise you have no chance of having a 'life', especially if you work nights; your entire world will revolve around Amazon and sleeping. The pay, however, is pretty good. ", " to be blunt. Not worth the drive for the money nor the aggravation.  unless you standing around for 10 hours packing boxes in station covered in tape, labels and trash covered floors then this job is for you.  decent 401k, alright benefits, but the starting pay is the same pay rate for a retail job ( 12 An hour), so this or may or may not cover your personal expenses. ", " Generally, the experience of one's internship at Amazon is dependent on the team in which they are placed. Fortunately, my team was a great group of people. As long as you showed daily progress, the work environment should be fairly relaxed. However, tickets requiring large attention can cause quite the hectic scene. The was an agile workflow, and sometimes it would seem like the process was unnecessary, but it did keep the progress of work going and organized. Most enjoyable part of this were the connections and people that I interacted with. ", " I like the variety of people. I've made so cool friends there. Hours are good. Especially during peak. yeah it's cool. The hardest part is probably the summers. It get really hot but we have water coolers. ", " things change all the time, some of the customers were horrible and advancement was not readily available to all assoicates "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I spent 6 years at Amazon and I loved it. Great management and visibility to Jeff. You would end up learning a lot about ecommerce business. You work hard and make history - not a place where you would go for work life balance. But a place where you go to build your resume. ", " Amazon is more into building the company opposed to building people. Not a great place to work at. The turn over rate is extremely high. Would not recommend this company to anyone. ", " Company is designed for young, single adults.  Majority of turnover comes from immaturity issues surrounding youth hires.  Veterans with experience have to work within teams in inexperience and are held accountable for their lack of performance.  Simply put...21 year olds out of college should not be managers. ", " it was a cool job, long hours, fun people to be around and very good money. I learned hard work pays off and nothing good ever comes easy. ", " When you first apply you really are unsure on what you will be work wise.  The job itself is not hard at all but for people that does not have the ability to motivate their selves for a 10 hour shift period, the job will not be good for you.  The work environment itself is pretty rough and feels like high school due to the constant harassment of management making sure their rates are above standard and also their TOT(Time Off Task).  They will somewhat try to work with you, but for the most part they will assume that you are slacking off instead of the many other problems to the job. Overtime may be slapped onto your shift at the last minute.  The pay is decent, but the wear and tear of the constant moving and bending for the entire shift is not enough. Also it is hard to fully get out of your position, so if you are a picker especially, you will more than likely be stuck in that position because of the constant termination/resignation rate. ", " i can't say anything about my typical day at work because every day everything is different. Every day of my shift i learning something new something interesting and sometimes something anoying. I learnined how to resolve different types problems, how to cover lead and all other stuff. I'm allways smiling and building a good relationships with my co-workers. ", " i enjoyed the pay at this job but company treats you like you are easily replaceable. either your fast or you don't have a job. great way to get extra cash during the holidays but don't expect full time position ", " I found it to be a very good place to work and I enjoyed it. The people that I worked with were great. I was kept busy which I like. I had varying tasks to do, which I like as well. ", " I loved working with logistics. While working with amazon, I've learned leadership skills, the operations of running a giant facility and how operations worked. Management was inconsistent and ver unorganized. Due to harsh circumstances of inexperienced fresh graduates running the facility, nit picking onto experienced workers and siding with others condemning and pointing out faults of others and ignoring what was wrong. But the people that worked there was the best part. Everyone was friendly and worth coming into to work. ", " A very pace oriented job, with 10 hour shifts being the norm. Not much room for advancement unless you transfer into a newer facility. overall, not the best, but not the worst ", " Very friendly people would love to work there again alot of hours to work there the pay is also good, also would recommend to new poeple to work there. ", " Job advancement takes 2 years. Very low pay for warehouse labor. Short hours of 4 per day. Not the kind of job to be looking forward to working. ", " It is a fast pace fun place to work. As long as you can keep up you will have the best experience. They always have give always and fun things planned. ", " did not like it there as the management was horrible most of the othere staff was horrible &amp; didnt have respect for other workers inside the werehouse ", " Make sure you can get to Hemel Industrial estate reliably, as public transport is useless and unreliable. They do pay promptly but if you struggle making the targets they provide no practical advice on improvement and just instruct you to 'work harder'. ", " Good place to work for, competitive salary. Easily accessible, basic day at work some picking and packing and occasional odd jobs if required by management. I learned how pick and pack in an orderly fashion on time to please customers. My co-workers were fun to work with and easily enough to get on with. There never really was a hard part to the job except rushing around occasionally when working on flow team by moving pallets and emptying out cages full of cardboard. The most enjoyable part of the job was picking as you were able to be on the move all the time. ", " The job is very demanding but it's hours. Starting early and getting off late. It does get frustrating with the package count and finding businesses. Overall the job is consistent. ", " The job is easy but you don't get enough hours I like the people easy going nothing bad about it. People do get frustrated but it will pass . ", " As a technical accounts management associate, my job was to answer phones and assist merchants in putting their product for sale on the Amazon.com website. I learned a great deal about on line sales and working with spreadsheets. This job was fun, but I did notice that the younger employees were the ones moving up regardless of their skill or hire date. Most all of the Team managers were helpful and fun to work with. I really enjoyed the casual atmosphere and fun competitions between departments. Management was very in tune with keeping morale high. ", " I say underpaid because by the time you break it down its poor. 160-190 parcels a day 10 hours maybe more on the road and your expected to work into the night. No social life or family life even the routing makes no sense at all in one area then out then back again. It's like it's run by school kids who get stroppy if you question anything. Avoid like the plague "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The money was good. Management wasn't good not a good place with advancement. No one there want to see you do better. It was time for me to go. ", " Tough job, but decent pay. Just keep hydrated. Fast pace for sure, a lot of walking. They will keep you busy throughout your shift. ", " I enjoyed working at Amazon. It was in interesting experience, there was lot to learn, the environment was very safe and inviting, and the pay was a large incentive to continue. ", " it was a job. Good pay, awesome healthcare. Also, really liked the diversity of people that work there. Diversity is great ", " It was a great job. They are willing to help with anything to make sure you are doing ok.  They actually care about their associates. ", " i love working here come in and sort package for customer delivery and fix problem packages. The job is not really hard it is learning and getting a feel to the job. ", " This position was very physical and strenuous. I learned teamwork and time management. Management was very helpful and understanding. The hardest part of the job was getting used to the long hours and being on your feet all day. The most enjoyable part of the job was the diversity of employees. ", " Got to do a lot of different jobs. Everyone got along. Did stretches at beginning of shift. Got to do something different through out the week instead of the same thing over and over. ", " If management does not like what I write then I will get fire. This has happen to people at work already. Most people there are nice and you learn to laugh about the things that happen. The turn over rate is very high ", " A typical day of work consisted of checking I had the correct scanner, keeping my designated isle clean at all times and storing packages to their designated location. In this company I learned the importance of responsibility. For example if i did not complete my task then my team would fall behind as well mine. I learned to help my co-workers in time of need whether it be questions or help in their position. The hardest part of this job would be not having security that I will have a job. ", " It is a friendly place where you can be yourself and you will meet some really intresting people. But something i really noticed is that the people with more power and authority made it that all there buddies were with them and that they have the jobs they want and its a easy day for them which isnt really fair but hey what can i do. Other than that it was an amazing place and a great experince. ", " The work is super fast paced and they don't support you or fully train you. It is all about them making quotas and any cost. You are extremely expendable and must find your own niche to stay alive in Amazon or they will make you leave or fire you. Temporary job for most very good especially during the holidays but after that watch out. ", " A Typical day of work was meeting everyone in an area while our supervisors would discuss goals for the day and prior goals that were achieved and after 15 or so minutes we would be dismissed to our stations.     My station consisted of me Standing for 10 hours or so a day scanning and packing objects into boxes. I would be required to pack at a certain pace and to be able to not make many mistakes. If there was ever a problem there was constant managers floating around to help.   I learned how to efficiently and quickly pack items into proper boxes and to read carefully as to not make any mistakes.     Management was excellent with a focus of safety as there was always someone nearby to help.   Rarely did I need to socialize with my co-workers but those that I did with were very friendly and helpful.    The hardest part of the job was maintaining a reliable pace that kept up with standards because problems tend to arise frequently that would stop you until help arrived.   The most enjoyable part of the job was just how friendly everyone was and how much fun the job was in general. ", " This is a great place to work; the benefits are amazing, pay is good, and scheduling is flexible. If you ever get a chance to work here, do it. ", " Amazon is a great place to work for because of the people you will be able to meet. It is great to know that you might go down one section of the building and find someone new that you have never seen before. ", " A typical day at work consists of production, rates and finding better ways to do your task in a timely manner. Some days you will find yourself being pushed more than others depending on the management and co-workers you are working beside that day. The most enjoyable part of the job is the company picnic. ", " A typical day is four hour or more with is easy. The people are nice and friendly. Management is making sure everyone is on tasks. Its a good job for people that are starting to look for a first time jobs. ", " Fast pace job, change every day, but I have learn alot working there. Learning several different processes during my time at amazon. ", " job was chrismas temp, and was not very stable. but good buch of people. travel was ver convenient and would recomend to friends. ", " Amazon was my first job because they were the first to hire me. Although it may have been through SMX as a temporary employee, I felt that warehouse work was a great experience, especially here. Obviously the job would get tiring, but I felt it was personal progress for myself. Co-Workers and Supervisors were all friendly; they all worked hard.  This was all during the holidays, so management set up special holiday events during work, like TV giveaway, or 200$ gift cards who win raffles. It felt like a fun time for me. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon Fulfillment Center in Jeffersonville, IN.  Working for Amazon has been a decent, reliable place of employment. There are many pros and cons to working here. A typical day at Amazon is almost always the same within your designated department. The job functions can be very monotonous unless you branch out to the indirect functions that help run the building, I.E. problem solving.  The monotony would definitely have to be the hardest part about the job and add that to being on your feet all day with only getting an hour total for breaks in a 10.5 hour day, it can be mentally, and physically exhausting.  The most enjoyable part of they job would most definitely have to be your co-workers. I have met a lot of great people here and have definitely made some lifelong friends. ", " - Highly repetitive tasks are done daily, not much variety once in your position - Can learn to keep on your toes and acquire a sense of urgency recently added a ton of management and they make sure to check up on you now - your co-workers could be the highlight of your work day, lots of cool and down to earth people who will be working side by side with you - hardest part was trying to work like a machine - enjoyed being with a huge company and some good people ", " Ive learn lots in many warehouses I've worked in met lots of people working with many people We all have a objective and thats working for what we have and our families we are all just trying to get through life working hard and motivated to get the job done. ", " The pay and benefits are great but it is a terrible work environment. Terrible hours. Though having a set shift is nice with three days off. The management is bad, very unorganized. Though people do try, I will give them that. The co-workers you will meet are terrible. It is like a giant dirty, immature people filled high school. I only met a few decent folks there. They literally hire anyone, brain or not. ", " I don't recommend working here they only care about numbers there is really no connection to the associates. They monitor you like a number. They look down on you if your not making your rate and will fire you because of it. ", " packing moving around working with others learn how to work around others and how to on time and how to work get it done as fast as possible ", " Great group of people , and well managed with a great community within the facility with the opportunity of exceeding goals. ", " The most enjoyable part of working at Amazon was the experience and meeting some many good people from different background and culture, Another great thing was learning the process of how a huge company becomes so successful. ", " Great teams, great professional development, self-service environment that enables one to become a self sufficient and productive business partner. ", " The  job is interesting the people I work with come from all different backgrounds and cultures. It is very challenging and I feel a healthy place to work. Over time is available and helps to have in these days. ", " Working for amazon opened a lot of doors as far as my work skills. Not only did I train to learn a new skill but it was a dangerous skill and I was dependent on making sure work was available for the assembly workers. Getting my truck started, making sure all the horns and lights work to communicate when I'm passing through the warehouse. Making sure my co workers are safe and well aware of me when on my forklift. The hardest part of this job was turning corners because sometimes u can do 360s and its fun but dangerous, you have to make sure you can keep control. The most enjoyable part about this job is driving around all day. Talking to different people. ", " Selling on Amazon is great! You work at your pace and publish as much or as little as you want. I have learned how to create eBooks as well as the do's and don't's of promotion. If you don't know a lot of people or have much money, promotion can be difficult. However, you can publish on Amazon from home, and the representatives are very helpful when needed. The greatest part about selling on Amazon is, you are your own boss. ", " I used to work for security at Amazon and their loss prevention system is a joke. Things were walking out all over the place and their own loss prevention team would not listen. As for Amazon workers their working conditions were very poor. They used to get two 15 minute breaks and 1 half hour. It could take them as much as 5 minutes to get from where they worked to the canteen not leaving much time for any break ", " Good place to work. Part time hours. never more then 20 hours a week. Very flexible set my own schedule. Very well organized and structured. ", " I work through Amazon.com so I can pretty much go to work anytime I log into the website. When I get sells and reviews on products, they are usually sent to me within 24 hours. It is the perfect job to have on the side while advancing in your career. ", " If you are willing to roll up your sleeve and put aside your ego, we do amazing things at Amazon and I will be sad to  leave. Oh yeah Amazon lets go is this 20 words yet ", " The HR department is very unresponsive and very difficult to comtact outside of wortk. They never called me back so I could explain my situation. Then sent me a form email sayin I was terminated. ", " Amazon is a very demanding employer and you will sacrifice your family time if you choose to seek employment with Amazon. Amazon does provide excellent compensation and benefits. ", " things change all the time, some of the customers were horrible and advancement was not readily available to all assoicates ", " Very fun job to have a first, but once you get to become familiar with daily OP's the job gets boring really fast. Most importantly pay rate isn't very adequate with daily job tasks. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " this job offered many hours and over time which lead to a good pay check. the hardest part of this job was that is was 10 hours a day and you didn't get much time on your breaks. ", " A nice place to work with a good friendly team, but looking now for a new experience closer to my skills and abilities. A typical day at work is usually busy, with lots of interesting tasks and real targets to achieve. ", " excellent company great pay warehouse very hard work,needs longer breaks due to how hard thye work is and how long your working hours are ", " I i like the online part about it but it as for working there not a good experience. job was not good. they had great benefits and it was very competitive, witch was a good thing no time for lacking. ", " Management at PREVIOUS location is kind of poor. Stowing grew very tiresome. Not sure if there is room to grow here. A lot of MANAGERS quit. Overall, benefits and pay are great.   Would I work here again?   Yes. At a different location. ", " A lot of hard work Expected to work hard, sometimes doing the work of multiple people. A lot of physical lifting and walking required. The expectation to be very flexible. ", " Overall good company, certain FC's steer clear, there are some location that put production over the safety of there emplyess ", " Amazon is a good place . You do get promoted and moved around but is worth it. Your benefits and composition is ecxcellent. ", " A typical day here at Amazon was very fun and entertaining. The work environment was very warming from the very start. I learned a lot working with this company \uff0d I learned how to solve problems quickly and to multi-task quickly. Management was very helpful and reliable throughout my stay. Co-workers were also very reliable, more like a huge family. The hardest part of working here was, of course, working in fast pace. I caught on very quickly, but I thrived to solve every problem I encountered causing it to sometimes be a little stressful. I think the most enjoyable part of this job was being able to interact with all kinds of people around the world, different cultures and different countries. I never knew what would be next when the phone rang, every customer was different and had a different problem. I like helping people, so this job was more of a dream job for me. Sadly I had to leave on my own terms because of family/personal problems that I had going on. I recommend this job to anyone that is able to work fast pace and/or loves interacting with people. ", " loading-unloading the truck  how to loading fast the truck  the management is friendly  Hard physical work  but a familiar working environment ", " Communication with Hr is no good, and management sucks, it is all younger adults that never had a job, and there is a lot of favoritism with their friends. ", " My experience at Amazon was a good experience. A typical day at work for me is walking in at 6:00am, I clock in at 6:30am and then begin my work until its break time. We all get 15 minutes a break and get 3 depending if you finish your job giving to you. After my breaks I like to finish the day off strong complete as many assignments I can and clock out at 5:30pm. I learn that I can stand on my feet for long long periods of time. Me and my co-workers were cool never had any conflict or disagrees with them. The hardest part of this job is standing on your feet for long periods of time. The most thing i enjoyed about this job was the breaks cause everyone in my section that I became friend with would take a break and we would all just chill and enjoy are 15 minute breaks. ", " I had a manager that hired me that was dynamic and intelligent but the person I report to is very demanding so it only takes one person to ruin it for such a great company.  I worked so hard, and I was a producer but this person us jealous of my success so it is time to move on.  It is a shame because I really like everyone there but she is holding me back from moving into other teams. ", " amazon is good. I think that they should come up with a better way to pick out the hard working inbound workers and give them higher positions inthe company but over all amazon is a great company. ", " The management at FTW1 is dull at best and very unprofessional. The people there will start drama with anyone and i ended up seeing seeing the warehouse as high school all over again. ", " I haven't had much to complain about while working here, so far. The biggest problem I have is the lack of hours available at the part-time level. Other than that, the management is pretty good and the work isn't very grueling. ", " They don't treat you the best. They treat you like workhorses and then will write you up for missing rate but just 1%. They just go around staring at a computer as for management. ", " A typical day working at Amazon is simple and repetitive work for long hours through the day. What you learn working here is how a warehouse system operates. You also learn several different warehouse jobs as well. Everyone is well versatile working there. The management at Amazon is well organized and are willing to help you as best as they can. There are some co-workers there where you can make some friends but most of the time you are isolated and being by yourself. The hardest part of the job is just dealing with the very long hours they give you from 10 hours to 14 hours of work. The most enjoyable part of this job is the money you can make. ", " Everyday was the same thing but we got rewarded for our hard work and the management team helped out a lot. Mostly all the workers there are friendly and very willing to help out with anything someone needs. The worst part about the day was the second half of our shift when didn't have all the items we needed to ship out but the success felt great once we got everything shipped out. ", " great atmosphere never a dull moment at work. the people at work always had positive attitudes, there was also a constant flow of work everyday "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " amazon is not a career choice for most. there is very little room for advancement being they only hire managers from outside the business. when i was injured at work i was treated like a robot not a human being. besides the pay rate there is nothing wonderful about this job at all. ", " Good place to work, very caring staff. Hours are pretty set. Only downside it is just part time, most of us would like the full time option or more than 20 hours a week. ", " Amazon gave me and some of my associates the confirmation that is no such thing as growth with the company. Amazon is may be a great company but the atmosphere is horrible. The moment you start working you will have to watch your back and pray you won't get fired. ", " Amazon is just to help people pay their bills..  If you have another job... stick with it..  Just not what one would look for..  Twelve hundred hours &amp; that's it your out of a job..  So like i said...  keep your job..  There's no benefits etc!!.. ", " fun and competitive fast pace working environment with a large amount of learning and growing opportunities within the company in itself. ", " typical day at work is just counting the inventory and what I've learned is that in order for to advance in the company you have to be buddy buddy with the mangers, and the managers don't know how to treat people as well as talk to them, my co-workers some do there job and there are some that are just lazy and don't do there job.  The only  hard part about this job is advancing.   there is nothing enjoyable about working for Amazon.. ", " I loved working with logistics. While working with amazon, I've learned leadership skills, the operations of running a giant facility and how operations worked. Management was inconsistent and ver unorganized. Due to harsh circumstances of inexperienced fresh graduates running the facility, nit picking onto experienced workers and siding with others condemning and pointing out faults of others and ignoring what was wrong. But the people that worked there was the best part. Everyone was friendly and worth coming into to work. ", " I honestly wouldn't recommend anyone to work for menzies because the management is completely terrible &amp; they are definitely disorganized. They don't want to pay their employees &amp; are extremely rude. ", " This job is for someone who is hardworking at is able to work at a fast. As long as your coworkers are doing there part you will have a fairly easy day. ", " A typical days work consists of clocking in, do the one task you were taught for 10 hours straight, then clock out. The management does not care about your problems unless it has something to do with them, otherwise they will just tell you to go back to work. ", " I loved the hours especially the over-time. They were understanding and worked with where you wanted to be placed. There was plenty of work to do so you were never bored. They made sure you had fair breaks and even had ATM's in the break room if you forgot lunch and needed food. ", " Wasn't really much to say i did what i needed to do for the 1w2hrs i was there stowing items. I did the best i could to get everything done ", " good place to work safe area quick learning great management and good team good staff and friendly coworkers great hours ", " Opening boxing checking for damaged items. Counting and Scanning items making sure the were going to the right customers. ", " Okay but  not suitable for everyone. Good summer part time job for college students or anyone that wants to make a little extra income. ", " At amazon you work hard and have fun. Some days are harder than other but when you maintain an positive outlook it's never stressful. The managers are reasonable, and at the end of the day it's all about communication. ", " I learned how to make boxes very fast , place the items in the boxes tape them up and send them out quickly.The hardest part of the job is the management being on your but about how fast you pack. We have to pack 90 units per hour or we get in trouble.Co workers are nice but some of them dont do their jobs they just sit and gossip the whole time or flirt with the boss.Most enjoyable part of the job is sitting their packing items that i have never heard of in my life. ", " fast pace, team player,  reliable. great team work great trainers. easy to catch on. hardest part about the job is working 12 hour shifts breaks go by really fast. parking suck during peak time. learning how to work at a fast pace was a interesting experience. ", " Very fun job to have a first, but once you get to become familiar with daily OP's the job gets boring really fast. Most importantly pay rate isn't very adequate with daily job tasks. ", " Amazon was my very first warehouse job, and also my first experience in production. I learned the importance in time management and accuracy. Although I enjoyed the fast paced work, working at amazon was very tiring. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " this work placement was a good choice for gaining experience and money in the bank, it wasn't something i wanted to commit myself to as it wasn't really my settle down job. a typical days work involved being super rushed and working towards 100% targets or getting sacked after two unable attempts. what i learned was actually very impressive it was how to balance the workload whilst having fun and enjoy my time there whilst reaching 100% on the targets. They also taught me how to work in a super fast environment with near to no space for error. ", " Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity. Resolved product issues and shared benefits of new technology. Assisted customers with store and product complaints. Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer complaints. Stocked and rotated inventory regularly ", " A typical day at Amazon involves cheerleading stand up meetings where our goals are updated to match them against team members within the building and elsewhere.  Within a week you are expected to be proficient.   I have learned to set stricter goals as a result of the work ethic instilled in everyone there.   The management team is disorganized and fractured.  In one month, I had managerial changes four times.  It's not uncommon to come in one morning to find we don't have a leader.   Given the nature of the job, it is discouraged to build a relationship with coworkers, as we are constantly in competition.  It is however, easy to make friends as we are all working toward a common goal.   The constant changes are probably the hardest part of the job.  One of the company principles is constant improvement, however this has become an excuse to change everything on a whim, just to have the image of improvement.   As far as what I found most enjoyable, the friendships I made with coworkers gave me plenty of reason to come to work every day. ", " if you need money and are willing to work up to 13 hours in one day this is the place for you you can bust your chops all day and get no recognition for it, just the way i like it got hired on after a month and stayed for 8 months they fired me because i gave a doctors note and they said they had to send me to the doctors themselves and since i had been out for 3 days, they made a no call no show its a good job for hungry people ", " a typical day at work would consider me dealing with a lot of packages . I learned how to sort packages by delivery area requested! my co workers was pretty fair! their was no hard part about the job. I enjoyed myself everyday! ", " manager was horrible to me and everybody else in the plant.. Don't have a management skills at all... short breaks and lunches... ", " being able to tend to customer needs. Working with great employees who will teach you the tricks of the trade. The hardest part of the job was keeping the owner happy ", " Work hard and you'll be fine. But job is very repetitive. Shifts are 10hrs long. I've learned how to train all different types of people.  Hardest part of the job is the long hours, the heat, repetitive work which gets boring. Enjoyable: the pay, 3 days off ", " Distribution Center, Dematic conveyors, shoe sorters, label printers, 3M tapers, Wexxar box  machines, scales, RA conveyance, Hydrol, Power Flex, reactive calls, repairs and projects.  Many machines to work on regularly at fast pace, nothing can stay down - Hold you to very high standards, if for any reason you can't do the job they cut you lose. ", " Amazon is place to be to work every person who wants develop his/her career. you can learn many things. its every day learning and making history ", " Working at amazon had its advantages and disadvantages, Targets on everything, Could be a fun place to work but the advances into higher roles were not very easy if you didn't know the right people ", " long hours managers are always on your back. Everyday its something new. standing on your feet ALL DAY. short breaks. although the benefits and pay is good ", " The work environment is excellent - laid-back, friendly, fun, supportive. However, the attendance policy is ridiculous for the Seller Support position. And so far, they're not very accommodating of medical conditions if you've worked there for less than a year. ", " The turnover isn't just high due to unpaid time accruals but alsodue to the unfair work practices and harsh treatment of it's employees. The metrics what is needed for each department changes constantly and employees are often unaware. Information needed to do your job daily varies between managers and if for any reason miscommunication becomes a issue and task can't be completed then the associate is left responsible. Also management and human resources show a lot of favoritism when it comes to department transfers, promotions and schedules changes. ", " A typical day at Amazon is coming in by at least 7AM and having to sign in the moment your shift starts. The time-clocks are packed at 6:55 because everybody's waiting to clock in. Its the same when you get off. After exercising for at least 30 mins, you start your shift. You are praying for breaks so you can at least sit down and if you don't have lunch, then your drained by the time you get off. The co-workers are nice and I've made some friends, but since it was temporary, we haven't been in touch since. ", " Amazon was a great company to work, and I  was sad to go. I had to leave because I needed a place closer or easier to get to than Joliet. I currently have no car. Amazon taught me a lot about myself and how to work very hard under pressure. ", " its definitely a great opportunity to advance. they give you experience. I learned a lot while I was here. If your union you have job security. if your not you don't. ", " Have fun working at amazon. Peak season was the best, always fun talking and working with co workers. Hardest part of the job was standing up for long periods at a time. ", " Long day standing in one spot doing the same thing all day. Time goes very slow. Lunch is the only thing that gets you through the day. ", " fast environment I learned how to handle multiple problems with multiple at the same time. my manager was rude most of the time but she got the job done. my coworkers were awesome and extremely friendly. nothing about the job was hard. and I didn't really enjoy it either because the leaders only cared about the job and nothing else "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " my current job is amazing but I'm looking for something with higher pay and a job where I can grown higher at. The management is incredible. The hardest part of the job is the lifting. ", " It was enjoyable, easy work. Co workers were really nice and got along with everyone easily. Was well respected and was asked to do multiple different jobs around the warehouse. ", " Wasn't too pleased with this job because it was my first job ever. The manager was cool but when he left, that's when things were starting to go array. ", " Company doesn't have any interest in its employees live or needs. It is Amazon first and foremost ob=ver everything in their view. ", " Meh, not for everyone. It wasn't so bad, but its not a really uplifting place to be. I hope this meets indeed's 20 word minimum ", " My workday begins with me getting there 15-20 minutes early. I go to the morning meeting and then go to my work station. I check my emails and notes from the day before. I get along with all of my coworkers and managers. I like to learn at work. The more you learn the higher up you can go in a company. I think the most enjoyable part of my job is getting as much work finished as I can while doing it proficiently. I like working with people. The only challenge I find everyday is clock watching. I feel like the busier you are all day rhe faster time goes. ", " this place was great place to work. i had a company truck, cell phone and gas card. started on bottom and after 10 years was was higher rank. ", " The typical day at Amazon consists of getting to work on time to have the daily morning meeting. Once the information is provided to the employees we get to our assigned stations to scan products into inventory. The co-workers are very helping and the management makes sure everything flows well. The hardest part of the job is scanning the daily numbers of items a day. The most enjoyable part is the weekly raffles. ", " Great place to work for me, I built alot of great relationships with my coworkers and managers. The hardest part of the job for me was keeping my numbers up. ", " The Amazon sort center in Pittsburgh overall a good place to work.  All the work at my level was very standardized and involved a lot of repetition but was enjoyable.  Management is always accessible but it can be hard to get to HR at times ", " Worked a EWR4 for 2 years opened the facility, when I interviewed I was promised quick advancement. well 2 years later no such thing...  I was told that i was week and do not understand amazom culture!!! Well I left for better work. ALL of the FAMs are collage KIDS with No people skils and No idea of what goes on on the floor not one ever held a wrench in there hand. ", " A typical work day is long and you are constantly on your feet. Having to work in such a fast paced environment is hard, but when you do well and meet your productivity targets it can feel very rewarding.   There are plenty of hours to work, lots of overtime and it pays well for the type of job it is. Free coffee is a bonus but breaks are short. ", " long hours, but really good to work for, enjoyed packing, line work, the only problem was location and longer hours over christmas ", " If anything my time at Amazon has  been insightful and a great learning experience. A famous saying is \"Everyday is day 1\". The amount of skills I have acquired, the work ethic I have adopted and the connections I've made is truly overwhelmingly great. These learnings and leadership skills I will carry through in my next position. My co-workers are seen as fellow coaches where we learn from each other irrespective of the organization they work in.  Coming from Cape Town, South Africa, the hardest part of my job is living in Luxembourg, which is a small conservative country which I have not adapted well to. I travel to Singapore quite frequently during my vacations and feel I would adapt easily while working on my career in IT.  Benefits are not that important to me. I look at what the company has provided me for personal growth. ", " I had a lot of fun working here the only thing was that I was only hired for the season and was not able to stay. One bad thing was that it was very repetitive. ", " pays well to workers in a part-time hourly format. Also a great work environment with a great team of workers that are easy to get get along and work with. ", " If you have no life and no children then this is the best place for you to work.  To far to drive, not enough pay.  Co-workers are OK for the most part.  Management are not caring. ", " I have not been with amazon long and I am already looking for another place of employment. Ten hours on your feet with very little breaks is not something I can get use to. ", " You work 10 hours a day for your shift, I learn getting good rate is very important and that's how you move up, management is very helpful and not cocky, the hardest part of the job is nothing because it's fun everybody's nice and helpful and also you 3 day weekends. ", " This company would be so much better if they learned how to manage their people better. Goals would be made and exceeded and work days would be less stressful. Also this company doesn't allow cell phones in the building and there no way for family to get a hold of you. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Great place to work the managers are involved a lot and they provide good benefits. My co workers was good people. The only thing is that if you are an full time college student you would find it hard because they have long work hours and you have to try and mix that in with school. ", " Working in a position where you need to make the rates in productivity can be challenging and stressful. However, it's also interesting to see and realize so many different items in the market. We work alone in our own station. Therefore talking with co-worker may slow down your progress. ", " fast paced, always on your feet. good pay, great benefits. i learned a few things as i was crossed trained in packing,picking and stowe. ", " Working at this company has great benefits if you like working in a warehouse environment and in a team setting you would really enjoy it ", " it is a good company with good leaders and great vision in this IT industry, the work environment is not as good as other tech compan ", " The culture is based around it's managers. It's documented all over the internet. Just know what you are in for before you sign on. Make the most of it while you are there and study the management style. Bezos is not an idiot. It's  brutal and impersonal. The system self perpetuates, so no matter where you go in the network, it's the same. Good luck! ", " It was really long 10 hour days and required anywhere from 10-20 miles of walking. It was a demanding job that required a lot. The people there where nice and worked together as much as they could. Management was helpful when faced with problems. The most enjoyable part of work was when they had meals brought in our music brought in for the staff ", " I enjoyed working with amazon, there was always a job to day and the day went in a lot faster when we were working.  the pay was good the hours were long but by the end of the week it was worth it. ", " fast pace, team player,  reliable. great team work great trainers. easy to catch on. hardest part about the job is working 12 hour shifts breaks go by really fast. parking suck during peak time. learning how to work at a fast pace was a interesting experience. ", " Great place to learn. A very competitive environment. Challenging problems to solve. Work with some of the sharpest minds. There will never usually be a dull day at work. ", " Have fun, make history, work hard, and get rewarded. It really was wonderful working with a strong team from top to bottom, no joke. ", " reat environment the  people where friendly and stayed on task which made my job very easy and mnageble so there were no problems upstairs or downstairs ", " Typically your work depends on the working environment around you. If you team is good, then your job goes as you expect. If otherwise, then you need to do something for yourself. ", " work place was fun to work in as well as being a productive envirorement to work at. Safe and clean warehouse was a plus for me,one of the safest work place I've ever work at. ", " Good money- great benefits-good employees-friendly atmosphere-room for advancement-flexible schedule/sick days- ", " Being an Amazonian is the best.  Very smart people work here creating a fun, exciting and challenging work environment as the company continues to amaze by disrupting industries across the globe. ", " Amazon was a great working experience, their motto work hard have fun was true to form. Learned and enjoyed being a great leader. Management was awesome very hands on.  Overall great company, sad to have left wanted to finish school full time. Thank you for a great experience. ", " Amazon are becoming synonymous with poor working conditions. I will be the first to admit, I was lucky to get into the department that I got into. If you got hired before the Christmas peak, then you're probably going to get dropped by the agency who hired you on boxing day unless you're lucky.  You are merely just a statistic in Amazon and in the bigger departments, your manager probably didn't know you by name. Their only focus was to tell you if you weren't doing a good enough job.  If you're okay with a mundane, repetitive, bleeping noise, whilst you walk around 8-10 miles a day, 10 hrs a day, 4 days a week, then sure, amazon will probably be okay for you. ", " Have alot of shifts to choose from. Pay is decent. Benefits are good. Peers are friendly. Hard on the body. If you can handle standing and walking for long periods of time on concrete floors, this is the job for you. ", " Assisting customers with there parcels..How to handle irate customers from all walks of life ..Management can be great ..Love working with my Team mates..Hardest part if you don't make the cut to be permanent its hard to leave. Working with great people with a good vibe that Amazon alone possesses  .. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " management gives special preference to liked employees and others get treated horribly.a typical day was hoping you do not get walked out of the building and fired, because of this treatment i learned to be stronger mentally not let myself be taken advantage of, most of my co workers agreed so as a whole everyone got along.the job itself is not hard, being able to handle being treated like garbage is he hardest part of the job.the most enjoyable part is punching out on your last work day knowing you have 3 days off to reset your mind and body ", " it was a cool job, long hours, fun people to be around and very good money. I learned hard work pays off and nothing good ever comes easy. ", " a typical day would be as a stower just to stand for about 10hrs an place items inside an empty bin what i learned is everyone is treated equal wither your the fastest stower or your the slowest so people are not motivated to be number one managment in my opinion treated the employees as a number an not  as a person co workers were great unfortunately just like high school there was drama ", " A lot of favortism! Hard to grow with company! Horrible pay for warehouse work! Easy work, but at times can become overwelming.  Good for right out of Highschool. ", " Rude, snide management. Unrealistic expectations. Unfriendly and hostile environment. The worst company I've ever been with. Amazon is the embodiment of corporatism. They do not treat their employees with due respect and the people who they allow to \"manage\" their facilities are the most unprofessional and downright mean people I've ever met. To Hades with Amazon. ", " Its a fun exciting place to work, you really learn a lot from day to day on how to provide the right customer service to the right customers. ", " hard to handle when working part time and fulltime. never know when they need you or may not need you.  not a dependable part time job if only source of income ", " Experience was good in the beginning, needs better management! HR needs to get it together! They expect too much for a goal that is nearly impossible to be met at times ", " Breaks are suppose to be 15minutes, working at Amazon you must race to and from within 10 mins. Same goes for lunch. A lot favoritism, poor management, lack of communication and respect for their workers. Also, you are UNDER PAID, in the Hebron,KY area. Amazon requires too much, for all the hard work you do; while working at least a 10 hour shift. Find another place to work. My opinion. ", " Work is easy, but during Peak you live, breath, eat, sleep, AMAZON. Great benefits, great company, but physically demanding. ", " Always on customer side whether right wrong or just rude and disrespectful to their employees. It sucks!! Don't wrkhere. Training does not prepare you for what really goes on once you are on the phones ", " Job was cool, pay was good but should be more for the job performed, long hours and a lot of standing. Overall I would definatly work for Amazon again in the future. ", " Will fire u for anything. Like not making rate for 3 days. Managers are rude. Pay is good benefits are ok. Hours are good breaks should be longer. ", " You're in a building with no sunlight all day. You work ten hours for minimum wage with two 15 minute breaks and a rushed half hour lunch in a busy canteen. You have a few managers so you have to keep explaining your problem over and over to different people. You will have to wait a few shifts to speak with the same area manager that said you could have permission for time off holiday, only to be asked by  another area manger why you weren't in on your return and to fill in a return to work form, and get a point for your pre-arranged absence. It wasn't communicated that area managers actually have no authority they just watch the screens to pull people up that are not working quick enough. You need to ask to speak specifically to the MANAGER (different to area manager), who is one of many. Complaints of unfair points to management may be met with indifference or even a patronising grin. Compulsory overtime means you come in an hour early every day and on one of your days off every week for the busy Christmas period so you have even less time to get home and have your dinner before you go to bed and start it all over again. Stowing is pretty free range so you're not too confined to an area. The leaders and workers were lovely, they are always happy to help and up for a chat and a laugh. Just about anyone you talk to on the floor will be happy to chat back to you which really relieves the boredom. Some days you are on a quieter floor and don't see much of people all day. I felt I watched the time on quieter areas/days on apparel, where break time to eat some food was the only ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> very short lived relief I got from the repetitive mind numbing work. Wishing time away is not how I want to spend my life but if I was really needing the cash I would probably work here again. The worst thing about the job was the long day so I would go for the 5 day 40 hour week or part-time instead of the crammed 4 day 40 hour week that I did (as a temp of course). ", " Working at Amazon I learned all the ins and outs of logistics and learned how to manage a company and business in a professional manner. ", " Great place to work if you don't want to worry about customers and just want to work . Very easy work and great pay and PTO and good work schedule. ", " i drive an hour away and work my head off for me not to advance and be disrespected. The place is a nice place to work but the management is not the best ", " Amazon is without a doubt breathtaking and a little overwhelming at first. The learning curve is relatively easy at first, and difficult to master. Plenty of room to learn more! ", " I cant handle the physical demand, and tack time pressure from supervisors. Days are long and exhausting.. Having 3 days off is nice tho ", " it was a good experience for to work at that warehouse, spent %99 of the time pushing carts and walking and running around looking for items. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Process customer returns, I learned how to keep a good pace and be productive at the same time. Management wasn't horrible but could've been better. Co-workers are usually nice and easy to get along with. Moving around to do different roles within the company. I love the shifts. ", " Working at Amazon has been one of the hardest jobs for me because it is a very fast paced work and very repetitive. We are Working for 10 hours with small breaks and hard to talk to anyone since it is a fast paced job. ", " Enjoyed the exercise and the people who helped get me thru the day. Kind of miss the environment but had better jobs that were calling me for interview ", " A typical days work consists of clocking in, do the one task you were taught for 10 hours straight, then clock out. The management does not care about your problems unless it has something to do with them, otherwise they will just tell you to go back to work. ", " Management was a joke. stowing in HRV one day and they keep most of the bins locked. A floor manager asked to to stow large items because other employees couldn't to put them, so i did. I got them all stowed. The next day i was wrote up because my numbers weren't high enough. So i learned quick, no space to put the items, take them back and drop them off at trouble shooting. They wanted zero errors, so you stowed 800 items in a day and made one mistake, they copied a pic of the item and again wrote you up when it was their computer that couldn't keep up when you scanned the item. I liked stowing, the concept of the job was not bad, but management at SDF8 was horrible. You had to go to stand up, where all you heard was negativity every single day. They had their pets of course who most people knew never made the numbers and never got wrote up. I was on third floor east one day and they brought around 52 write ups for people. Because the place was so massive a 15 minute break was usually 5 minutes because the distance you had to walk. i'm 57 and i've never seen such a high turnover in employees anywhere in my life. Sorry i just don't see 12.00 an hour as good money working under those conditions 11 hours a day. I saved enough money to put a down payment on a truck, and after my fourth write up, i walked out. 3 weeks later the HR department called me and asked me if i was on leave. *smh* I told them i left 3 weeks earlier, they said can send us your resignation and why didn't you give notice? I said i did, you notice i'm not there and hung up on them. What a joke. ", " Worked with bright and interesting people. State of the art Tech firm. Overall a great place for career advancement and is the best fit for person you who is looking for career advancement and wants to work the brightest people in the field.   However the work/life balance isn't great. Still the culture is much like startup. You are required to be stuck to to your phone. ", " I learned how to use the RF gun and how to scan boxes, I wrapped pallets and also staged them, on a typical day I would always scan and wrap. The people I worked with were quite interesting and kind. The most enjoyable part of the job were playing ping pong during breaks. The hardest part of the job was to keep up on scanning boxes quickly because it would start to get full and crammed on the conveyor belt. ", " The company as a whole is average to work for.  With the 4 day weeks there is plenty of time to find another part-time job to supplement your income. There is a lot of walking involved. They also encourage training in different departments and advancement. ", " fast pace workplace with the satisfaction of fulfilling a costumers order. in this company there is always room to participate in different fun and uplifting activities. ", " Amazon is very structured place. Days are very rarely different from one another. Management usually always makes time to address your concerns. The most difficult part of the job is the constant moving for hours on end. The best part is the feeling of being a part of one the worlds most successful companies. ", " Effective time management Extremely demanding working environment Fast paced Supervisors breathing on your neck at all times. ", " goods are moved around a distribution centre using a conveyor system or by human operated machines (such as forklifts). In Kiva\u2019s approach, items are stored on portable storage units. When an order is entered into the Kiva database system, the software locates the closest automated guided vehicle (robot) to the item and directs it to retrieve it. The mobile robots navigate around the warehouse by following a series of computerized barcode stickers on the floor. Each drive unit has a sensor, which prevents it from colliding with each other. I maintain a smooth running floor making sure there are no obstructions along the day. Ensuring the shift runs smoothly by not having pod crashes and cleaning items off the floor in a quick manner. ", " Amazon.com has been a highly motivated and fun place to work at. All employees were always positive and willing to go the extra mile. As an employee you were always excited to get to work and start your shift. ", " I would enter work and since i knew how to do multiple things i was placed in many different areas in the facility. I was crossed trained in different positions as in Receiving, stocking, packing, consolidating, packing, and down stacking pallets. I would also sometimes be positioned on driving a cherry picker because i am licensed and in that duty of controlling a cherry picker was to store long items in the racks. ", " It was fun but long hours with little break was too over whelming. Lunch is only 30 minutes but if you are in the back of the warehouse it takes more than 5 to 10 minutes to lunch area. ", " The Amazon culture is one based on working hard and playing hard.  The workplace required attention to detail and time management but when the job was done there were great rewards for the employees.  The culture was set from the beginning by the leadership and was continuously strengthened by management on the floor.  Overall, a great place to work and launch a career, but if you are looking to stay and retire then be prepared to move. ", " Amazon is just to help people pay their bills..  If you have another job... stick with it..  Just not what one would look for..  Twelve hundred hours &amp; that's it your out of a job..  So like i said...  keep your job..  There's no benefits etc!!.. ", " When you go through the week long orientation, Amazon talks a big game regarding leadership principles and traits they follow (sounded great) as well as their attack the process, engage the people (APEP) philosophy. When you leave orientation and into the fulfillment centers, mostly everything you learned in orientation is thrown out the window. The FCs I worked at follows an autocratic management style, not the traits discussed in orientation. Senior management goes after associates instead of asking questions first and trying to change the process. Associates by many of the management team are viewed as just a number or to some they are bodies, which makes weekly performance and productivity management meetings become a standard check mark off of the HR checklist. Quality cross training for associates are pretty much non-existent and for associates who work in a path that they normally do not...well, hopefully they have a good manager during the performance meetings or they will be written up.   Work life balance is very difficult to juggle due to constant no notice overtime called and management requiring to come in to cover for other managers on vacation. If you stick to your guns and leave at the end of your shift (after already working 12.5 to 13 hours), plan on not moving up and depending on your management, be placed on a performance improvement plan.   Best part was learning the operations and working with very intelligent people. Compensation was good and like others have said on these reviews, you will earn every penny of it. Outside of that, I would recommend ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> you really do your research before joining Amazon. ", " My review of Amazon is that it can be a good place to learn and grow leadership skills...However it seems like you must watch what you say and who you say things to...And not only that you have to dig deeper in the learning of being a order picker driver as far as using the scanner and making quota everyday and staying on top of the situation without asking for help seemingly.. ", " Great Company to work for. Demonstrates positive work attitude. Running offers on line making sure they are complete and sent out on time. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Delivering friendly, efficient customer service and creating a warm and welcoming atmosphere to all customers, with the key aim of retaining and attracting new customers. Responsibilities included: ", " Amazon was a new experience that I regrettably could not keep up with. I learned more about team work there as well as multiple warehouse skills. My co workers where fantastic and wonderful to be around and management was great. The hardest part of the job was being on my feet for 10+ hours a day hence why I could not continue with the job. Most enjoyable was my time with my co workers. ", " handling business at work, some how a person needed help on their scanner, I patiently stop and ask where he ok and he said no, so I ended up fixing the problem it took a little minute but I got it and I leaned u never to good to help someone, moral of story guy had to much time off task, ", " It should be no surprise that as a ground-level position in a warehouse, the tasks are very physically demanding and opportunities for advancement are miniscule to non-existent. Expect constant mandatory overtime and a rigid, impersonal workplace structure.  In summary, a dependable paycheck, but by no means a viable career option in terms of trajectory or credible experience that can be built upon. ", " I have been in different departments in the warehouse and for the most part, it is consistent work flow and labor. You will be standing on your feet for 10 hours at least 4 days out of the week. If there is overtime, you can work up to 11 hours on your feet and 5 days out of the week. They have good management for the most part and with the safety committee, there is always room for improvement. I would recommend this job to some one who likes to walk a lot or stand a lot. ", " I like to be a driver and why I hired driver at the pizzeria I worked a year and I liked it I quit from pizza because I got to be too tired of program I worked for one am 12 hours a day 6 days a week and that's why I wanted to I'm looking for another job ", " worked on line and production  meet quality and accuracy team players and great management lift large packages fast paced ", " Management, and Human Resources treats everyone like they have mental disabilities.  I was informed that a conveyor belt has it's own gravitational pull and can pull you into the rollers if you stand within one foot of it. ", " I say underpaid because by the time you break it down its poor. 160-190 parcels a day 10 hours maybe more on the road and your expected to work into the night. No social life or family life even the routing makes no sense at all in one area then out then back again. It's like it's run by school kids who get stroppy if you question anything. Avoid like the plague ", " I would arrive to work at 7:30am and would be given the area I was to work at for the day. I learned to stow items into a bin at a fast pace and also how to package items properly. The hardest part about working there was being on your feet for eleven hours. The most enjoyable part was that we participated in games and events. overall I did enjoy my time with the company and the managers. ", " I was a seasonal employee and never really had a chance to stay on longer than a month or two, but I look back on my time there fondly. ", " Although the actual work is pretty boring because of its repetitiveness, you have fun meeting new people and spending time with your co-workers. Employees are shown appreciation. ", " Benefits are really good. Job experiences depends on every single individual. They ave food free almost every quarter and peak season is a good time to pick a prize. Best wishes ", " Standing up every weekday to show teammates what you did yesterday and what you are planning to do today.  Learned how to use amazon system tools and some of AWS services. The hardest part of the job is the dive deep during your work. Try to solve problems by yourself without get assistance from others. The most enjoyable part of the job is to deploy your service onto pipeline. ", " Come in to work in the morning and go straight to saftey team meeting to discuss saftey tips and what needs to be done for the day. After the meeting we would stretch and get to work. The work was very fast pace. Management was great they new how to handle certain situations. ", " a typical day would just be picking all day, having SMALL talk with coworkers while performing your job IF they are picking where you happen to be picking because of the high productivity level they constantly inform you about. they hire almost anyone, so based on how you are you can either choose to keep to yourself or try to make friends within the short break periods. i've never been hurt on the job so i couldnt tell you how the health benefits are but a coworker i knew told me that they set up a doctors appointment and he didnt have to come out of his pocket for it. but like i said the best part is seeing the check every week. ", " My work experience with amazon was very good, Everyday was different with the packages we would deliver small and big packages. we delivery everything you can think of from baby items, household items, to game system to flat screen TV's. The company started to expand their items to fast food, liquor and grocery's which customer loved. Everyday I would deliver packages, food, liquor, and hot food item which had all the delivery drivers very busy. When picking up package we would have about 2 to 10 stops all over Chicago which we would have to get it done within 2 hrs. or less. This is call 1 to 2 hr. delivery. Our dispatch, Amazon supervisors, and also ill supervisor can see everything we doing just like the customer can see us come from the pick up stop to there door step. The pay was good and hours. ", " I worked there over the summer and it was fun. Most people were friendly and helped out other people. I picked items that were going to be shipped out. ", " Working at Amazon was a great experience. Everyday you are required to move product at a certain rate every hour, when you do above rate you are congratulated but when you perform poorly you will be written up. This company tries hard to make it's employees happy by providing holiday meals such as thanksgiving lunch, pizza parties on you birthday, softball teams among associates, and a basketball hoop game in to break room. I've learned the procedures in trailer dock and release, I took a introduction class in the rules and theory of operation a power industrial truck. The co-workers there are the best people you will ever meet, we established an \"Amazon friendship\". Also this job provides great benefits, great pay, and offer plenty of voluntary and mandatory overtime. ", " This was a good company to work for, i worked there for 3 years and had lots of fun and got lots of free stuff, of course the benefits were great too.. however they have very high standards, sometimes too high.. it is almost impossible to work at amazon and you almost have to be super human.. but it is rewarding in the end, the job is not for everyone, if you cannot or wont allow yourself to be pushed beyond your limits this job is not for you. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day at work consist of maximum 10 hours I learned to stay healthy to complete task efficiently  Management is great &amp; co-workers remain in there own pods only interaction would be at lunch &amp; not on the clock Hardest part of the job is adjusting to the labor &amp; hours The most enjoyable part is the in between stretched ", " during the peak season ( Oct- Jan) it is very intense. work overload. there are a lot of hours to work during this time. a lot of standing and lifting. ", " I love the company.  Management is alright however some of the managers do not communicate well with each other and their associates. The hardest part of the job is standing on your feet for 10 to 11 hours a day but you get used to it after a while. I do enjoy the fact that I am responsible in providing a great customer service experience by putting together orders that were made online. The major thing I have learned from this job is that good team work is important in the success of the company. ", " Fast paced environment with continuous work was the typical day. I learned how to use RF Scanners. Also I enjoyed working in teams with assigned line numbers.I enjoyed being able to challenge myself on the production lines. The hardest part was not having lots of space to move around in. Management was always helpful. ", " The company sells everything under the sun and gets it to you quickly. Prices are reasonable and so is shipping. This is one of the most unique places I've ever been employed. It's a different culture, they think outside the box and it has brought a great diversity of people and technologies together. There are many good people who work at Amazon.  I receive thousands of pieces of merchandise each day that are delivered to me. I take each item and code/load it into the Amazon inventory system. One of the most advanced inventory systems in the world. It is then moved to a stowing department where each item will get stored in an assigned bin. Management is fair, will listen to your advice and work with you on how to better your production or show you how to do things easier. Coworkers are all very good people who work hard and concentrate on their work. Very friendly staff. Hardest part of the job may be lifting a few heavy items The most enjoyable part of the job is knowing when your rate is high and the department has met its goals. ", " The job is not so stressful. The supervisor in that company is cooperative and provides help and good direction to employees. If you work there you can gain good experience and you can also add it in your future resume. ", " I like and am still working here but I am just looking for a better career that pays more to join.This company is good to work for but advancement only goes so far without a degree here so I am looking for something new.I work four, ten hour days in a row a week and have been promoted to process assistant already while being there.The most enjoyable thing about working here at amazon would have to be watching and helping the development of the associates you are around daily.I take great pride and pleasure in this.I learned a lot while working here and have taught even more to others I have trained while here.I have learnt more about computers and programs on them like Microsoft office,word,Excel and others.I also learned how to manage and run a team of 20 plus associates very efficient in the processes needed at amazon.It is just time for a change and something better. ", " I enjoyed the challenge of working for Amazon, It was fast paced and very busy at times but fun, I worked night Shift 44 hours per week. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday and loved the routine, the mandatory overtime was also very handy at peak season and was also a very big plus with Christmas round the corner. I learned how to use scanner gun's,maximize storage spaces. Management and Team Leads kept us up to date with progress and  volumes of work successfully distributed on site. The hardest part of the job i would say was getting to grips with working night shift for the first week or so, I quickly adapted to this though and enjoyed working with my other Associates to push forward and break several records of stowing within the pick tower. ", " its a good company just come in do what your suppose to and leave. Just show up and you can keep working. many people don't come to work and end up losing their job. ", " A Honestly Hard days work, But very rewarding when you think of all the kids and adults alike that will have a great big smile on their faces when they receive their products!! ", " When working at amzon you have to be on your toes it's a fast pace environment but they make it safe and fun really enjoyd working with my team at Amazon. ", " On the dock the work almost never stops. Production goals for the night/day seem astronomical but with good team work not overly hard to manage but not with out hardships along the way. Learning how to lead a team, and using what I've learned to teach others. The Management I worked under in my time fluctuated and I had some good Area Managers and some not but in the end of the day it wasn't the Managers that made the night better or worse but the cooperation from everyone and even when we did all we could their was nights we just couldn't meet our goals which is the hardest part of the job in my opinion that feeling that no matter what you as a individual can do and no matter how well you and those around you are working together theirs just no way to prevent the failure. Luckily this didn't happen often even when we had our peak season during the winter months they did a good job each peak to hire on enough temporary help to cover the added amount of work volume thrown at us. What I enjoyed the most working for Amazon was once you show progress theirs always more for you to do. Even though the more you learn the more that is asked of you and it can and had lead to some stressful situations and conflicts of interest and mixed words with others and management but in the end it was always what you made of it. I enjoyed taking on and learning as much as I could while I was there when I left the company I knew the ins and outs of the Ship down short of being a ship clerk it self but doing most the more tasking roles I've even picked up on some of the ship clerks job functions as ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> well just to help out when I could. ", " It was a cool job. Explored the city. Found a couple dope places to eat &amp; shop. Not bad at all. The pay is also good. It's only about 6 hrs max but you get plenty of tips so it makes up for it. ", " It was beneficially great. I got paid well and lots of hours. It was a simply done job that took me to many places and allowed me to drive different types of vehicles. I enjoyed it very much. ", " You always learn something new and everyone seems to help you along the way. Managers are very nice and willing to assist one when they don't know what they are doing. ", " good work environment, had to leave on family issues but would have stayed if I could. typical warehouse job just moving things around and putting things where they should go ", " i enjoyed working at this company,  i learned a lot  meet some  wonderful people. I advance quickly from CSR to supervisor. I hate they went out of business ", " Good working environment . I learned that the British system work knows stimulate the worker to achieve higher performance. Very happy with the work . Perhaps the most difficult was to do 60 hours a week in high season, but the conditions and the working environment was very nice, helped you achieve the goal. ", " It's not the best place  but for a first job it's a good place to be the people there are respectable  enough I do also recommend Amazon as a first job ", " I worked at Amazon for 4 months during the Holiday season. It was a tough work day, in which, I trained and led new employees on the ins and outs of storehouse routines. I also helped solve day to day problems that arose in the store house. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " horrible place to work unless you enjoy not having a life. Rude people, long hours, and they don't care about their employees. ", " A typical day at work includes stand ups with your manager, it's a lot of fun. I've learned quite a few things, stowing, and how to read the orders on screen. Management is awesome, they're kind and very helpful. Co-workers are very kind and look out for one another. Hardest part of the job to be honest is the walking distance from point A to point B, but then again what did I expect from a warehouse job? The most enjoyable part of the job is getting to be there and learning new and different things everyday. ", " Working at amazon last summer was good. As a shower i would take items that were coming in to the facility and \"stow\" them in areas that they belonged to in the warehouse. The hardest part of the job would have to be that you are on your feet for the entire ten hour shift. It can get exhausting if you are not used to it. Although, there were two fifteen minutes breaks and a thirty minute lunch throughout the day. The most enjoyable part of the job was the people. I got along well with my co workers whenever I would speak with them. ", " Working here you were constantly on the move. No matter what section you were working in, you learn something new. You had to be very fast when working in any of the departments. ", " Great place to work if you don't mind a little hard work and discipline. Great work atmosphere and the people a friendly and easy to get a long with. Great benefits also ", " The benefits are okay yet the structure of whom you need to discuss things with gets difficult and time consuming. The company itself is great to work for the only hard part is dealing with some of the other associates. I mean it really does have more pros than cons. ", " Work at amazon is physically very hard because of boxes lifting which is theoretically maximum 15kg. Quality and Productivity targets are very hard to rich. Managers expect people to work faster what affect our health and safety very often. The most enjoyable part of the job at amazon is working around friendly and positive environment which people bring in to this job. ", " Amazon offers lots of opportunities but also is very demanding place. Those who are career focused, passionate about learning new things, and think outside of the box, amazon is the right place to start. ", " I rated 3 because you can earn good money, but you'll have to give up your time with family to do so.   The environment is very harsh and demotivating for people who appreciate guidance. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to interact with customers and working in a team. The roles provided upon entering the company will all generally be the same. Promises are made about profession it may be worth ignoring these promises. ", " Great place to get your foot in the door in the warehouse field. Depending on what department you're in, expect a workout. In my opinion, there is nothing really hard about the job. ", " Sorting parcel whole night. It is simply and dynamic job. The place is brand new and everything is in good condition. Good management. Different people from all over the world work there. ", " This was probably the best job that I have ever had. I always enjoyed going to work and I loved the people there including the management. The was an equal amount of respect given to and from management which was nice. They treated their employees like people rather than assets. The typical work day would consist of picking orders for customers, receiving new product, and organizing those products accordingly. the hardest part of the job was just its monotonousness. Otherwise, it was easy and enjoyable. I found unloading the trucks enjoyable. Through my experience at amazon I learned to look for jobs who treat their employees with the same respect. ", " You knew what to expect each day coming into work. You had to be fast &amp; productive throughout the day to fulfill orders on time. It was very tiring but the pay made it worth it to me. I learned many important work skills from this job. Management was good &amp; the co-workers were nice &amp; helpful. The hardest part was just the 10 hour shift &amp; having to be fast &amp; productive throughout that whole shift despite being tired or fatigue. ", " Job atmosphere is very similar to that of a high school. A lot of immature young adults that barely work. Also, attendance is based off a point system so there is no days to request off. ", " every day u meet new people diferent personalities!! A good work place with verry unexperienced and bad management.And the only thing that it counts at the end of the day is ''numbers''. ", " fast pace enviroment and working for the company is good. the most enjoyable part of working for the company is meeting lots of new people. ", " The hours were horrible, the people were not great either. It was a Christmas temp job to earn a little extra money while I was in between jobs. It started of okay but after a few 12 and a half hour night shifts it all because very tedious. It didn't feel like a team effort, people would be offered a free lunch for highest pick rate so people would be racing around on the trollies with no consideration for anybody else. ", " I feel like Amazon is the best online store in the world but I cant say the same about working there. I would much rather be a customer than an employee. ", " a typical day would have involved walking around fifteen miles around the warehouse and plenty of squatting. There are two brakes consisting of half an hour and a forty five minute lunch. Everyone was treated fairly and the work was very fast pace. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is an okay place to work if you are between jobs; however it isn't a job to make a career from.  It is too much micro managing.  If they managers let leave you alone to do your work, then it may be ok.  No morale in the facility.  It will sometimes interfere with your family life because of the long hours of overtime.  The benefits are great! ", " great culture, fast paced environment, sometime shift is cut by half an hour to an hour depending on packages, and scan rates. Its a good place to work and get a good sweat going if you plan on loosing weight. ", " My workday begins with me getting there 15-20 minutes early. I go to the morning meeting and then go to my work station. I check my emails and notes from the day before. I get along with all of my coworkers and managers. I like to learn at work. The more you learn the higher up you can go in a company. I think the most enjoyable part of my job is getting as much work finished as I can while doing it proficiently. I like working with people. The only challenge I find everyday is clock watching. I feel like the busier you are all day rhe faster time goes. ", " It was a lot of people very speedy work mangers were a pain and your feet will hurt so bad ,I wouldn't want that to be anyones first job nor would I want to stay there for long periods of times ", " A typical day at work includes stand ups with your manager, it's a lot of fun. I've learned quite a few things, stowing, and how to read the orders on screen. Management is awesome, they're kind and very helpful. Co-workers are very kind and look out for one another. Hardest part of the job to be honest is the walking distance from point A to point B, but then again what did I expect from a warehouse job? The most enjoyable part of the job is getting to be there and learning new and different things everyday. ", " More than 200 parcels in harrow or wembley lot of parking tickets, low salary, 10-12 hours per day.Not recommended at all. ", " Typical day would be either problem solving or inventory audit. I have learned to problem solve issues using the variety of programs that has been shown to me. Lead amnesty group during our inventory counting. Management is always listening to new ideas. Co-workers are very diverse which makes it fun to work at . Not really to hard. Part I love about the job is the positive attitude the company instills to its employees. ", " Amazon is a hard work place but it is fun to work with the best team: Customer Returns, I learned how to work in a warehouse for a company that take care 100% of the customers. ", " Job advancement takes 2 years. Very low pay for warehouse labor. Short hours of 4 per day. Not the kind of job to be looking forward to working. ", " Nice work environment. I learned to work better in a multicultural place and exceed customers' expectations. The management was okay. My co-workers were amazing, but there was heavy lifting. However, the benefit and the salary was good ", " The pay was good.  The work was easy.  I liked the staff.  The management in the work position was fair (but they sometimes talked to us like we were children).  The problem I had was with HR.  They changed too many things that they had told me, in writing.  I tried to discuss what was promised.  My concerns were dismissed.  This was a temporary job and I needed employment so I went with it.  No worker should have to \"go with it,\" when it comes to issues a company contractually agreed to.  It was a good job with good pay.  They're well organized but the promises that they didn't follow through with were disappointing to me. ", " worked when everyone I know had the day off. Had music playing all night long.the job was easy.communication was really good. ", " Great place to work, but has a high turnover rate. I loved the fast pace environment and all the staff. This is not a job that is very long term, but the pay is very good ", " This was a great opportunity unfortunatly the company downsized and I was unable to stay longer. I really enjoyed my time while driving with Amazon Prime and would recommend the service to both customers and potential employees. ", " This job is simular to all picking and packing warehousing companies. Storing shipping and handling was the daily routine. Very fast pace and had to be knowledgable of zip codes. ", " 40 hours per week, 10 hours a day, four days a week.  Good working hours, good time off.  Start up as temporary,  become permanent according to performance.  Easy raises. ", " The atmosphere is terrible. Although the building is still new, leadership is extremely poor. It appears to be a bunch of people with degrees in field that have nothing to do with Manufacturing, Production and Operations running the place. The only upside to this company is the connections you make with fellow associates. 99% of the time I'm working my shift is spent complaining about the job to fellow co workers and finding another job ASAP. This should not be a daily conversation and all that one thinks about while on the job. I do not recommend anyone this job unless you have a degree or are able to obtain a Tier 3 position or higher. ", " In general you will work hard.   If you are interested in learning new things its good for that. Pay and benefits are decent. Good luck going anywhere in the company though and after 3 years your pay is maxed out.   You'll be told to do different things at the same time by managers and the hours are quite long. My feet hurt everyday.   People are great there and you'll meet a diverse group. ", " Physically it can be demanding but its manageable. They pay you well. MY specific department was very fast paced others departments are not so it can feel unfair working there. ", " Typical day at work consists of picking up and delivering packages. Take them on time , goood tips, overall great experince.  treat your people with respect. Make sure you are checking your phone constanlty for available blocks. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Very bad place to work, employees are nasty and disrespectful, same with HR and supervisors.. Work you like slaves for little pay ", " Amazon does not pay enough for the amount of work that they expect to be preformed, especially not for the physical strain that is put on your body on a daily basis. You literally walk nonstop for 9.5 hours a day. You're given a day and a half of training and then thrown out into the production floor. ", " A typical day at work scan package. Some co-workers help. Day go fast. Get training before performing any job. Good part time job ", " Says it all in the title.  Very good higher ups but some weakness in mid level management which makes advancement and navigating the company difficult.  Have to be extremely self starting and able to deal with a lot of ambiguity, chart your own path. ", " Get ready to lift and carry heavy boxes! Most of the time you flex up and have to stay longer hours. People are mean they make fun of you. A lot of jealous managers; if you tend to work better than them then they will give you a hard time. Then they will use the workers to against you. They lie about the blue badges stating if you work after 90 days you will get a blue badge. ", " it was a well organized company with with alot of opportunity. a really fast pace job. working side by side with co-workers, helping each other. learned alot about the product we builded. it was a great experienced. ", " Amazon offers excellent benefits. I am however more interested in further developing a career in Higher Education. It is a great place to begin a career right out of high school. ", " Amazon is a wonderful company to work for benefits-wise, but the shifts can be extremely overwhelming at time. There is little room for personal growth and eventually you begin to feel like a drone. ", " i work here and 10 hours looks hard to do but is easy when u get 2 breaks and 1 lunch time but the bad thing about amazon is the leaderships are always in their office, they don't care that much about their employees, if u do a good job where you at u have to know that they will keep u in the same position unless u apply for another position and to apply for another position u have to wait 90 days working there to have that benefit. 10 hours of job is hard sometimes because every time i go to sleep, when i wake up, i just have like 2 hours gap to do whatever i want and then go to the work again. ", " a glim and depressing place that only was a blessing to get out of, walking for 10 hours in hard unsolid boots with 3 breaks that you could have to walk a football field to the canteen during the break, having to walk all over when picking items that wasn't organised in order. only thing I enjoyed was talking to other workers and leaving the place. ", " Usually, stayed busy with sometimes not enough work, however, it was a great place for promotion. People were pretty much friendly for the most part, but management did whatever they wanted to most of the time. ", " Good company, staff great and very fair.  Night shift hard sometimes due to working more than five nights and only two off  Have worked four nights over the last week and three off which is much better  Sometimes get called in on Stand by days ", " Learned how to locate an idem then pick and pack the items ready for the customers to receive on time. time keeping and meeting targets that were set. ", " The employer gives an assignment daily.  Each day you have to check to see where your work area will be. This is a stand up job, therefore management required pre-stretching daily in a group along with a safety meeting reminder.  I believe this job added to my production skills. For me the hardest part of the job was the location.  The most enjoyable was the ability to obtain additional work hours. ", " They are very strict with safety and productivity. you are expected to meet their rates which is hard to reach in your first few weeks. Then after a few weeks your body gets used to it. ", " Amazon is a great job. I love the ability to be able to work extra hours and the opportunity the allow for you to advance. I would recommend Amazon to anyone looking for  a good job with great room to grow. ", " It was fun but long hours with little break was too over whelming. Lunch is only 30 minutes but if you are in the back of the warehouse it takes more than 5 to 10 minutes to lunch area. ", " Management hardly ever communicates with employers before making major decisions involving the employers. They expect the employers to go from one job function to the next with little to no training and master it. ", " I would have to say that Amazon has one of the nicest warehouse's I've ever worked in, it's very spacious and neatly organized. While I was there everyone was very nice and enjoyable to work with. ", " from the first day walking in I knew I was going enjoy working at amazon, everyone from the security to upper management just seemed to be so happy to be at work. I've learned that taking peoples view into consideration you can come up with great ideas and solutions. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon was a good experience for me. It was a fast paced job That kept me busy and let the day go by faster, however after some time packing boxes all day wheres on you. ", " being stuck on shift work on nights for along time, no family life balance and the inability to call in. if you were sick, you were frowned upon. and honestly unless you drink the koolaid then you will never advance. You get promoted for making mistakes and it was the most backwards company I've ever worked for. a lot of wasted money and man hours for contracting out all of its technical work. ", " Amazon is a fast pace environment and extremely productive. Great benefits,learn new skills, definitely must be a team player ", " For being such a large company, implements changes faster than most places I have been to take advantage of emerging business opportunities or meet customer needs and wants. For those that are able to adapt to the culture there is plenty of places to enrich your career. ", " Always been a dream to work with the Aeronautical company. Was fortunate to get an opportunity and work with the company. It is a government organization. I had a goodtime working with huge machinery used in airplanes. ", " The job isn't that bad, it's the management that  Make this entire experience horrible! They are so disorganized and unprofessional. The do not train you like they are suppose to or explain the job details. ", " a typical day at work is non stop I learned how to strive in a competitive work environment management are always to busy with productivity to work with the associates people are pretty nice but the fact they can move you around at any day keeps you from focusing on one set goal sometimes it can prevent you from making your rate honestly the most enjoyable part is going home ", " My position is very repetitive, but I enjoy my co-workers. I learned that team work at this facility is extremely important in order for all of us to hit our rate times. In my opinion my job is not difficult. ", " They provide their associates dignity. The co-workers are helping one another. The management is good they care about their employees and always provide safety while at work on the floor. ", " The job was really easy and stress free.  The hardest part of the job was standing/walking on concrete floors for 10hrs a day. ", " An Amazonian's experience varies greatly depending on the business--and there are many, many businesses within Amazon. It also varies greatly depending on the manager; while at Amazon, I've had the best manager in my 20-year career, as well as the worst manager.  Amazon is a great workplace if you're looking for a career-building opportunity to work with incredibly bright people and to refine your ability to make data-driven decisions in a (almost prohibitively) lean environment. ", " This was the worse job I've ever had! The hardest working job ive ever had. You will be so exhausted and gave no social life due to the amount you will sleep when not at work.  They are unfair and do not care about their employees well being, safety, or mental health.  This job should pay no less then $18 an hour. ", " Worst place to work and if you are working for an agency be prepared for some elementary mistakes and miscommunication. The place is a dive and you are treated like another number. ", " Hard hot work during the summer. Busy long hours during peak. o-workers are awesome. Some management is ok. Learning Team rocks! Training is thorough and on going for everyone. ", " Amazon is hard place to work at its a place of favoritism. it a place to get an warehouse experience. Really hard to move onto different position. Long 10 to 12 hr shifts. ", " Lively atmosphere, people are hard working and motivated to be hard working, managment is awesome and are great at handling issues ", " This warehouse was new so not that bad but typical warehouse structure. I would not work here again do to the lack of progression and how strenuous the job is. ", " At amazon you work hard and have fun. Some days are harder than other but when you maintain an positive outlook it's never stressful. The managers are reasonable, and at the end of the day it's all about communication. ", " I have spent the last six months working a seasonal assignment with Amazon and it has truly been a wonderful experience. I have learned so much about the companies culture and gained many new experiences and friends along the way. This is a great company to work for and it has absolutely made me customer obsessed to no end and I can see why now. ", " Amazon gives a new meaning to \"fast paced environment\".  If you cannot keep up or are even 1% off of meeting quota, you will hear about it from your managers and be written up, three of these and you're fired.  This is by far the most stressful job I've ever had. The managers care more about the numbers than they do you or your well being.  Had to make many reports to HR.  They do not follow safety guidelines and in my opinion it is a dangerous place to work.  The only thing this place has going for them is their benefits.  So if that's all you need, but want to be completely miserable at your job then it's for you. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " this place was really fun to work, I made a lot of new friends and they definelty made work easier. Also,the managment was kind and we had cool suprivisiors ", " Amazon is good company to work for, but you have to deal with a lot of issues with management.  It is hard to get a promotion. ", " Over the past 2 years I have watched so many people come fresh out of school or from outside companies and get placed in positions over people who have been there for years trying to work there way up. Everything they preach to you upon recruitment will be a different story once you start. This has been my experience. ", " Co-workers are very friendly management try to actually get to know you and help you with any task a typical day at work is scanning hundreds of boxes a day ", " Good steady while finishing high school.  Again, loved the customer interaction. I took pride in being the Head Cook.  Got along great with the management. ", " At first and on paper Amazon seems like a great place to work but the pay isnt good enough for the work. they start at $12.25 and you top out in alittle over 2 years with 14$. The scheduled are not too bad but some weeks working four 10 hour shifts get tiring. but if you are going to school they can accommodate your schedule  lunch break is only 30min and you get 2 breaks that are 10min each  they over work employees and you are always on rate. ", " good work environment excellent benefits work 4 days off 3 voluntary sometimes mandatory over time a lot of walking constant moving at a fast pace have to keep a certain rate ", " A typical day at work would be pretty stressful but its very fun.You are working hands on with the leadership team that includes OPS managers, and leadership that run the building. The hardest part of the job was trying to stay awake for the last hour of the work night which was 4 o'clock in the morning ", " its definitely a great opportunity to advance. they give you experience. I learned a lot while I was here. If your union you have job security. if your not you don't. ", " Amazon is a great place to work. You usually make around $120 a day. The jobs require endless walking, fast pace movement, heavy lifting, and keeping up with a rate. The attendance policy is strict as well. I wouldn't recommend this job if you have children. It's easy to be terminated for lack of attendance. There are only two 15 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunch for a 10 hour shift. ", " Besides the long hours, the culture is very poor. The only thing that matter is the numbers not the people. I won't recommend no anyone who has a little of respect for a human being to work in this place. The management most likely are people just graduated from University or MBA Programs, they are smart but unfortunately most of them doesnt have people skills, no experience at all developing people. They have a lot of technology, but unfortunately most of the reports are unaccurate. It was a very sad experience for me to discover what it is behind this great company. ", " it was a good experience I wouldn't work there again kind of unfair management but it was easy everyone learned to drive a order picker ", " I can not imagine a worse workplace than a Amazon Fulfillment center in the civilized world. The management on the floor are inexperienced 20 somethings, some of which have no previous job experience yet are managing adults. The job culture is Dog-Eat-Dog, compete with your co-worker and be treated like a grunt in a military style command structure. When you do your best it's not good enough, it is the baseline for doing it even harder. Managers who use derision and insult to motivate.   A job culture based on using the desperate and squeezing them dry because there is always another person more desperate for a job. Work there if you want, but leave your humanity and self respect at the door.  When you get through the door it's like boarding an airplane. You go through the exact same TSA security screening as you would at an airport. NO KIDDING!   Finally, forget about having loved ones contact you if there is an emergency. No phones, not even pagers allowed. You're not allowed away from your work area and are severely penalized if you may be more than 1 minute late returning to your work area during breaks. And the break rooms are easily 3-5 minutes away from where you get assigned. ", " Loved the work i had to do . Enjoyed my time there , sad I had to leave . Always loved logistics work . ", " My first day with Amazon was 11/25/2014. My last day there was 2/16/2016. I had enough time saved to put my two weeks notice in, and never go back. I was an electrical power production journeyman for the Airforce. I also worked as an aerospace ground equipment technician for the U.S. Air National guard. I applied several times times for their facilities level 1 tech position. I knew all the hiring managers, I also had great work ethic and a desire to learn more. But for some reason I never got the chance for the position. I worked my way up to ambassador, and was a seasonal tier 3 safety coordinator. I had high hopes with a career at Amazon, but it's bureaucracy prevented it from happening. Don't let Amazon take advantage of you if you're aspiring for a professional career. ", " Many things are still being figured out at DFW7, so there isn't much consistency to its structure. Negative factors of the job are slowly being worked on due to persistent debate. ", " It's a good place to work. Very friendly and nice people working there.  Salary was good too. Hardest part is that you need to work really fast and make high productivity. ", " The work culture is nice, the pay is good, the management is awesome, the breaks are well placed time wise, and the break areas are well situated ", " If you have never worked in a warehouse before. This is a great place to start. Mangers are very kind and always willing to help you. ", " Amazon is very fast pace and chaotic. I would not like for that to be a long term job. Overall it is a job. My work day always consisted of the same thing. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " My typical day goes by very fast due to the high package count I am requested to deliver. The hardest part of my job is missing holidays due to my wook schedule. ", " Have alot of shifts to choose from. Pay is decent. Benefits are good. Peers are friendly. Hard on the body. If you can handle standing and walking for long periods of time on concrete floors, this is the job for you. ", " I loved when I worked for Amazon. The environment was kept well organized and clean. Everyone was very friendly and energetic. The managers and ambassadors worked close with you to help you better understand how to do your job correctly and I enjoyed coming to work on a daily basis. I would most definitely love to come back as an employer and I love being a customer as well. ", " this is for the logan twp location,worked there for 6 months never missed a day during peak season,Got fired because i left an hour early on Easter due to a family emergency,Everyone thats a line lead thinks they are a boss,They always hire new people because people get sick of being bossed,kicked around.Good luck finding any managers on the floor if you need them you have to go find them, Also suppose to be 2 people unloading a truck i was always the only one in the truck never had help many times did have a heavy boxes fall on me resulting neck and back pain. ", " not a bad place to work if your face fits and you brown nose management to progress your career within amazon. co-workers are good just upper management are filled with inexperienced kids fresh out of uni and never worked a day in their lives. ", " Job was cool, pay was good but should be more for the job performed, long hours and a lot of standing. Overall I would definatly work for Amazon again in the future. ", " I would clock in at 6:30am and we would then go to morning stand up to talk about the days goals, then at 9:00am we get a fifteen minute break. At noon it was time for lunch for 30 minutes then we did our midday stand up. last break is at 3:00pm then I would go home at 6:00pm.  I learned how to pick items in under 9 seconds.  Management was fair and willing to listen  My co-workers keep to theirselves  The hardest part was keeping up my pace of an item every nine seconds.  The most enjoyable part of my job was at the end of the day and seeing how many items I sent out. ", " Although the atmosphere is fun and relaxed, the management team tends to focus more on numbers rather than the associates' well being. Too many times, I have seen several GREAT employees walk out simply because the management does not listen to the associates concerns. ", " I enjoyed working at amazon, everyone was helpful. Each day they would take the time to make sure hat we were working in a productive environment they always pushed us to be the best we could be  an their was always work to be done ad set goal for the team also they would switch everyone around to experience different work areas ", " This place is nothing more then a dating service for the young kids they bring in. I have never seen so much childish drama in my life. They don't care who they bring it because at the end of the day we are all slaves. They treat there employees like they are nothing, the hr. department is full of caddy women who think they are on a high horse so they treat everyone like nothing. This place is just a big Amistad slave ship. You have to ask to go to the bathroom or you will get written up, you don't get your full breaks which is against the law! We don't have a union and if we even think about trying to get one they will fire you. They don't want to pay you when you go on leave do to an injure at there company. They ill find ever way to not pay you. All in all the money is ok if your a single parent like myself, but the treatment is truly poor. you guys have seen the news about amazon being unfair for workers....ITS TRUE ", " Amazon allows everyone to come as they are without being a static culture. There are many types of people you encounter on a day to day and management take time to listen to employees there. There's boards all around the place where you can make suggestions and get responses from Human Resources instantly. There's a great amount of time without pay you can use whenever you have to. The hardest part is the 10-hr night shift. You are allowed 3 days off, however, on the days you work, there's not much time to tend to personal needs such as food and outside pursuits after waking up from the sleep you take upon getting home (if you do not have children or another job). So far, I enjoy my management whereas, I do see many others complain. The co-workers are supportive and you can find out anything pertaining to the job if you just ask. Everyone is willing to assist. ", " Amazon is a great to work if you just graduated high school or retired. The typical day flies right by because of the engagement with co-workers, managers, and the enjoyment of the job. The hardest part of the job was getting up in the morning. ", " The company was excellent, but the staffing company they hired workers from has incredibly bad clashing rules often, often causing integrity to give write ups to employees, Amazon is great, but they need a better staffing company for seasonal. ", " Work is easy, but during Peak you live, breath, eat, sleep, AMAZON. Great benefits, great company, but physically demanding. ", " every day u meet new people diferent personalities!! A good work place with verry unexperienced and bad management.And the only thing that it counts at the end of the day is ''numbers''. ", " The hardest part of working at Amazon.com is recognizing that you are just a \"number\". As long as you show up to work and achieve the goals that the management has given to you, you will be successful and be able to continue your employment with Amazon.com. If you are looking for a career that makes you feel valuable, uses your talents and knowledge, and truly cares about you as a person, then this is not a job for you. At Amazon.com, you are easily replaceable; as they hire new individuals almost every day. ", " The management at FTW1 is dull at best and very unprofessional. The people there will start drama with anyone and i ended up seeing seeing the warehouse as high school all over again. ", " A fairly simple job as Order picker. quite repetitive but enjoyable at times. Management fairly helpful regarding issues virtually no prospect of advancement or job security due to the number of additional temp staff employed over christmas  decent pay for a few months work leading upto christmas ", " I worked 10 hours a day 4 days a week.  I learned how to use a pallet jack manually.  The most enjoyable part of the job was getting the 3 days off.  It was hard at first getting use to the 10 hours a day.  We had 2 fifteen minutes breaks a day when we had peak season which we had to work 11 hours a day we would have 3 breaks.  I enjoyed the work when I did Inducts.  I had several managers and they were all every nice. ", " You get to work with a ton of people in a very large warehouse, and depending on your job position you might even have to walk multiple stairs to reach to the floor where your job is assigned. Most co-workers are friendly and easy to get along with which helps a lot trying to get through the long day of work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Great start for a new job! Great Culture and Pay. I really enjoyed the workout as well working in this warehouse. Really made me fit physically and helped me meet new friends. ", " Pretty simple job. There is also a good amount of helpful coworkers. Its a pretty great place to work at despite some issues with the managers and HR. ", " goods are moved around a distribution centre using a conveyor system or by human operated machines (such as forklifts). In Kiva\u2019s approach, items are stored on portable storage units. When an order is entered into the Kiva database system, the software locates the closest automated guided vehicle (robot) to the item and directs it to retrieve it. The mobile robots navigate around the warehouse by following a series of computerized barcode stickers on the floor. Each drive unit has a sensor, which prevents it from colliding with each other. I maintain a smooth running floor making sure there are no obstructions along the day. Ensuring the shift runs smoothly by not having pod crashes and cleaning items off the floor in a quick manner. ", " The Amazon Warehouse is  great place to work at simply cause of its goal setting environment. It was very easy to get promoted to different jobs just by working hard. ", " The job was very physically demanding at times but it paid very well and there was always more jobs coming available, or new things to be trained in so it kept things fresh. You were guarunteed a raise but it topped off. But it was very good pay, plenty for me and i hand't topped off yet. It was very easy to learn everything and there was always work to be done, and usually overtime offered. ", " good working environment good pay good benefits always overtime co workers easy to get along with  work was easy   start at 7:30 finish at 6:00 pm  pack various items into boxes, perform inventory, general cleaning duties, restock workstations at end of shift  hardest part of job dealing with line malfunctions lines would go down periodically most enjoyable part of job good pay good benefits overtime ", " I was assertive before I came here and now I'm aggressive. This environment forces you to be scrappy, fighting for the limited resources that exist. It's ok to be lean and employ an environment where people are inspired to be resourceful. But when you have hundreds fighting for the same thing the result is ugly - hungry games style! Also, everything you learn is specific to Amazon so there is no best practices knowledge being obtained. On the upside, you can move around more quickly, every year. ", " It is a very busy, stressful job on an every day bases with long hours and must be very flexible with work life balance and working hours ", " Amazon.com has been a highly motivated and fun place to work at. All employees were always positive and willing to go the extra mile. As an employee you were always excited to get to work and start your shift. ", " Fun place to work.Good job security. Fun environment. Nice co-workers. Ok life balance. Very diverse job culture. Benefits is ok, as well as compensation. Some managers is cool. ", " i used to work for lovefilm which was owned by amazon, i enjoyed working for lovefilm. i would get out 6 am in the morning and return home 11.30 pm/12.30 am everyday and saturday was optional. i learned how to sell lovefilm  face to face to people which gave me more confidence and enhanced my customer service skills. i didnt find the job relatively hard as i enjoyed my job but the part i liked the most was to meet new people everyday. ", " Managers will move employees based off of company needs which demoralizes the group because it prevents them from doing a job function that they like to do for the day. ", " The environment promotes a very healthy attitude of work hard play hard.   What I've learned here is there are plenty of resources to assist in your day to day, but don't expect anyone to help you directly. The hardest part of this job how each individual perceives the leadership principles, and how the use them.  It can cause confusion from peer to peer. ", " Environment is decent, But It is a Lot of hard and demanding work for not enough pay to match the amount of required work, time of in next to non-existent. ", " The only way to advance there is to be willing to step on others and have no empathy or think for yourself. The pay and benefits aren't too bad and for the most part the people are good people until you get into upper management. The most enjoyable part of the job is the three day weekends and the hardest part is having to look over your shoulder in fear of the perception of doing something wrong. It was a good opportunity to get to know about and work on the types of equipment that they have. ", " a lot of walking back and forth through the warehouse. learned how to code orders. coworkers were great and helpful. hardest part of job was the constant standing for ten and a half hours. managers were very respectful ", " I would have recommended Zappos (now Amazon) to anyone before September 1st 2012, but now its just awful there. They took all of our FREE benefits away and they didn't hold on to culture activities and the true values of the company like they said they would. And the management there needs serious work. I wouldn't recommend and or my family or friends to work there. Also, I wasn't happy with the top out pay there. I think its ridiculously low. ", " good place to work safe area quick learning great management and good team good staff and friendly coworkers great hours ", " A typical day you clock in then you go to your stand up area for your first half meeting. Yours second half meeting is after lunch. I learned the warehouse business. Great place to start for your first warehouse job. Management can be uneasy, tends to go for the associates who are outgoing. The hardest part of the job will be working walking for ten hours. The most enjoyable part of the job is fullfilling the customers order. ", " The West Columbia warehouse is so focused on hitting numbers that they completely ignore quality and concern for safety. The company as a whole claims to promote advancement but seem to be only interested in hiring past military personnel (nothing against the military--thank you for your service) and recent college graduates. This puts the rest of us at a disadvantage. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " \u00b7         Customer Service  \u00b7         Cleaning  \u00b7         Cash handling  \u00b7         Problem solving  \u00b7         Stock take  great experiance would have ;oved to been a permanent worker here ", " amazon is a great place to work with some benefits and compensation to go with(401k,health insurance,carrer choice etc. good management and a very productive company. ", " Its worth it for the pay, but they work you hard to earn it. I clock in go to stand-up then to work for 2 and a half hours and 15 minute break after that back to it for 2 more hours than 30 min lunch after that stand-up again to stretch then back to work for 2 in a half more hours than another 15 min break till time to get off. Your bathroom break is included with the breaks. If your looking to loose exercise its the perfect place to go. ", " Pros Amazing technologies. Excellent opportunities. Nice benefits. Also you get hands on AWS solutions well.  Growing up in the ladder depends entirely on your skills Cons Person promoted from sde 1 to sde 2 gets higher salary when compared to person getting hired as sde 2 from outside. ", " Amazing company with challenging tasks. Pros Amazing technologies. Excellent opportunities. Nice benefits. Also you get hands on AWS solutions well.  Growing up in the ladder depends entirely on your skills Cons Person promoted from sde 1 to sde 2 gets higher salary when compared to person getting hired as sde 2 from outside. ", " A typical work day included meeting nearly impossible standards, bare minimum breaks and horrible treatment of employees. I quit because I was unable to receive reasonable accommodations for being pregnant. ", " My first taste of warehouse experience was with Amazon. I am hooked on the warehouse atmosphere and enjoy the warehouse environment. The hardest part of the job is the first week when your feet hurt. After that, it's a breeze. Because of my exposure with Amazon, I seek warehouse employment. ", " amazon is not a career choice for most. there is very little room for advancement being they only hire managers from outside the business. when i was injured at work i was treated like a robot not a human being. besides the pay rate there is nothing wonderful about this job at all. ", " Had 20 managers in 4 years. Frustrating to deal with that. Hard to advance your career when you as soon as you build a relationship with a manager, theyre swapped out for another ", " Its a very demanding job, you work 10 hour shifts and depending on your position you walk the whole shift. Its not a job I recommend to someone who doesn't have strong work ethics. ", " The first thing we would do in the morning is have a stand up to know what we have to do and what department we will be working in. We all have to work at a fast pace to meet our rates. I honestly love working at Amazon but the hour for me is too long. I enjoyed the fast pace, and how there is always new things to learn. My new manager is very nice and always check on us and appreciate our hard work. ", " Management uses favoritism, Learned basic warehouse objectives. co workers were lazy! Hardest part of the job, was listening to the bullshht the leaders told. ", " Working at your own pace makes it easier to control how much pay you make that is actually based on your effort rather than simply a base wage. ", " I enjoyed my time at Amazon.  I am looking for a job with a more stable schedule. Amazon offers excellent benefits and a good working environment.  I simply want a job with a bit less overtime involved.  During peak times employees are required to work up to sixty hours a week for six weeks or more at a time. ", " We all get together in the morning , talk about are plan of goal of how many packages need to be packed out for the day. You get stationed at a place where you work and pack all day, sometimes you get rotated into a different function depending on the work of labor or where your trained. I've learned to work in both departments, and be trained in different functions because of the ability to learn quick. The management is very nice and helpful when need of a day off or sick. The co-workers are very interesting some are easy to get along with others very quite and just go to get the job done. The hardest part of the job would probably be standing and walking for ten hours if you don't get your 8 hours of sleep. The most enjoyable part of my job is during the holidays they do some BBQs for as on the lunch breaks or give us random pizzas days, for successful days of goal accomplishment's. ", " If you apply to this company be wary as they have a very high demand for Rate, Scattered Management and Some violent Employee's. ", " Good Pay, good benefits, questionable management. You'll have a hard time looking to move up depending on whos currently a manager. ", " Amazon is very structured place. Days are very rarely different from one another. Management usually always makes time to address your concerns. The most difficult part of the job is the constant moving for hours on end. The best part is the feeling of being a part of one the worlds most successful companies. ", " I worked as a warehouse op from September to December and i must say i would never go back. The job as a whole was a challenge, mostly due to being on your feet for at least 10.5 hours a day, 4 days a week. When it got towards Black Friday and Christmas this went up to 11.5 hrs/day and 5 days a week, still with low pay (about \u00a310/hr on overtime days)  Amazon also had very high expectations for its workings, setting goals and targets that proved very challenging to reach. For example, as a 'Picker' you were pushed to 'pick' 100 items an hour. This was very difficult at times as it forced you to speed walk ALL DAY just to reach your target. What made it worse is that the whole area a picker works is around half of the warehouse. So you could be one side of the warehouse and then suddenly have to walk for about 3 minutes just to get to the next bin. You'd get lucky if the next bin was under 60 meters away from the previous one.  The breaks were almost completely pointless as well. During even the longer 11.5 hr long days you would still only get a maximum of 1 hour A DAY break. The breaks consisted of two 15 minute breaks and one 30 minute, where you also had to wait behind hundreds of others trying to clock out for lunch.   The warehouse is so big that buy the time from the time you can go for your break, take your items to the drop off point then walk to the security entrance you would be lucky to have 10 minutes of your 15 min break left. On top of that you had to make sure you were back working within 15 or 30 minutes, depending on which break. If anymore than that you ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> would have someone come and find you to ask where you were.  Every once in a while i worked on Rebin, which compared to picking was a gods send, even if you just stand in one spot all day.  The only positive thing i can think of for this job, or at least the jobs i did are: Experience Decent pay (I was 18 at the time so didn't have mortgages rent etc to pay and therefore had a good amount of cash left) Free tea and coffee, if you even had time to drink it. ", " 6am-4:30pm shift I learned that when working together more work got done versus when working alone. Management needs some work. Co-workers were easy to work with. The hardest part of the job was when we were short staffed on shift and an unfair workload was placed on individuals . Most enjoyable was being able to drive fork lift. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The work itself is pretty easy. As long as you're good at your job you have no risk of losing it. This has been the best place I have worked for when it comes to everything else but when it comes to mAnagers I find myself wanting to quit my job. Most of the managers don't care about your job as long as you make them look good. Even most managers are straight out of college and never managed a department before. There's no room for advancement. To give you an idea of advancement let's say there are 20 packers in a department which is level 1 position. Above that is a process assistant who is level 3. Above them is an area manager level 4. There's 1 area manager per department and 1 process assistant per production line. Within about 100 associates there's 4 process assistants and 1 area manager. There's no way of moving up unless you transfer to another facility by applying for an open position that needs to be filled. When it comes to hr they say they are there to help and listen but when you go and talk to them nothing gets resolved. Every issue I have experienced I've always ended up calling the ethics hotline instead. Benefits are awesome. Health insurance is cheap and covers literally everything, company stock after 2 years of employment. Only downside is once you have been there for 3 years there's no more raises. You get cut off at 15.00 an hour. ", " I was in the ICQA department at an Amazon Fulfillment center. My job included maintaining constant updates of product inventory, and providing the data to my managers for them to implement and update the inventory on their end. ", " Hard busy working day early start late finish but  but loved the job could earn extra if I wanted too. all my mates got a job there easy to get into ", " Poor unorganized management.  Very hostile and unsafe work environment.  Do not have the employees  health  or well being in mind when making any decisions. Most Co workers are not friendly and sometimes just down right hostile also.    A typical day is going to work and being  scrutinized belittled and micro managed to the point of threatening your job. ", " not really a bad job, the management isnt the best but not the worst neither. I enjoyed most of the workers i worked with and i learned a lot about how too do a lot of different things and got to train others. you move up really fast at amazon. the most enjoyable part was picking and meeting my best friend! ", " I would clock in 5 minutes before I started, I would get my scanner gun and long in and then it will send me to my floor at the time and I would start picking the items listed on the scanner gun. then send the items to packing. I'd do this in between breaks and lunch. I much would love to work there again. ", " If you looking to supplement your income as far as a part time job its  not to bad with the the rate of pay. Pretty much of the positions in the fulfillment center are part time. They are little slow in responding to internal applications. Amazon stresses safety and standards of work but, there little slow in giving access to written policies and procedures. The benefits are limited due to the hours of available work. ", " This company is the most terrible company I have ever worked for and this is keeping in mind I worked as a coach/supervisor.  Hours are long 10 to 11 hours a day 4 days a week. You will be hired on as a temp worker to start no benefits etc. Overtime will be mandatory expect to work 60+ hours a week around Christmas so don't expect so see your family around the holidays or whenever they call for overtime to bad for you, expect to be pointed for missing days and let go if you miss more than 2 around Christmas.  Prepare to be a robot for everything you pick or do there is an expected rate based on the size of item EG 180 items per hour for smalls. The aisles are crowded and small in the larger items there is boxes all over the floor and items are stowed terribly. So good luck making your rate. If you are packing the equipment breaks half the time or the worker who is suppose to keep you supplied is busy talking to someone.  Oh best part during the middle of every week management sits together and reviews the workers rates. You get a lovely piece of paper to sign every week like a report card for adults you either made 100% or above or you didn't and you get a written warning get 3 written warnings and it's out the door for you. Oh did I mention hey is it your first week? Did you pick a wrong item or too many or too little expect a written for that as well. Make too many errors and you can be gone your first week.   As a coach/supervisor upper management was always on our case to be on the workers constantly harass them with rates and try and make them go faster even if ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> they were 100% get them to go faster so they can raise the rates overall. A lot of times it was not the workers fault there was either a language barrier or their pick path was terrible but management never wanted to hear that it was always the workers fault though Amazons slogan is \"Blame the process not the people\"   I worked at the Brampton location 90% of the workers are Indian so if you are any other ethnicity good luck making any friends or having anyone to talk to. Most of the the workers speak Punjabi right in front of your face or to the other workers behind your back, even the mangers do it. Very few good people I met while working their and again I was a supervisor.   Amazon goes on and on about safety first .....in fact you will spend hours your first day learning about safety...what a joke amazon thinks you are a robot with no family expect to work long hours with low pay and to be called for overtime at any time.  I myself worked there for 1 1/2 years as a supervisor, things got slow so I was given the option to work nights as a temp worker or leave. A terrible heartless company that does not care about you or your family, there is little to no advancement unless your are Indian and suck up to the managers enough. STAY AWAY!!!!  Pros....... no overtime and benefits are good IF you can manage to get hired on and well good luck with that if you make too many errors, are sick too many days, or don't make rate it will never happen. Or well if they just don't like you.    Stay away from this company!!!!! ", " This company should show some desire to have those that work hard get promotions throughout the organization. They would rather hire someone off of the street than to promote those within the company to higher positions. ", " I very much so enjoyed my experience working for this company, it was a very fast paced work environment. Unloading trucks on was a very important job for us. ", " This place is awful they find the job that is the hardest for you to physically do and then torture you by making you do it constantly even though you are trained in other areas. ", " Excellent pay, flexible hours and decent benefits is what attracted me to this job. However the plant is huge and I felt very much like a small cog in a giant machine. ", " I would walk in, do my job and go home. First few weeks were very painful. You were more or less isolated and able to do your own thing. The co-workers were all great, everyone there was very hardworking. ", " A lot of work each day but it was worth looking back at the end of the 10 hour long day and seeing that you did a substantial amount of work each day. ", " Morning meeting before you hit the floor to drive equipment or walk the floor picking customer packages. Most boring job I have ever had. Although it paid well and the benefits were great the job wasn't for me. Coworkers were ok. Some were not so good...bottom of barrel to fill the gaps. Floor management to ops manager were good. Every body above that although they say the care they don't. Hardest part of the job was waking up knowing I was going into a hot, overcrowded building with no hope of moving up in the company and I was just a number for the company to get their numbers. Most enjoyable part of the job was getting a workout on the dock when I loaded packes. ", " The best place i worked at. Co workers where great, as well as the DR. i worked for. Good experience overall. Recommend this clinic. ", " great  co-workers,  hard place to work,  so many  hours  of standing but after all its a good experience... clean environment and safe with good temperature. ", " This is a different building but most of the same stuff. Only thing I didnt like about MKE5 Is that its part time and you only got 3-5 hours a day n like 20 a week.... ", " Prepare to learn multiple tasks in work environment. Managers like to switch employees around to perform multiple tasks. Four long 10 hour night shifts. Be prepared to do a lot of walking and physical labor. A job like this teaches you to manage sleep schedule, work at fast pace, since every task is a rated function, and also performing various labor tasks. The best part about the job is the co-workers. Everyone is very friendly. Management is very inconsistent. Expect to learn multiple tasks and perform them well because every task is rated. The hardest part of the job is maintaining rate everyday, especially in a task that you may not perform very well. ", " a typical day at work would be me coming in going to my locker putting my cell phone and other items into my locker then going to my department and as a group doing our morning stretches then going to my station and scanning items management is really nice and they stick with you until they feel you you are ready to be left alone  my co works are very nice but in my line of work its not time for talking but the hardest part of my job is doing the same thing over and over again its boring and exhausting because your constantly doing the same thing over and over again and the best thing about my job is the people seeing how nice and hard working they are makes you feel like your part of something good "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " when i come to work i'm ready to work and do what needs to be done . ive learned to be a great worker and listen to my peers and upper management. i dont believe in just standing around talking unless its dealing with work related things. ", " While working for Amazon it is expected that every employee will always be working. There really is no downtime throughout the day. In addition, the day is very structured in regards to when breaks.lunch are to be taken. Managers are very strict on ensuring that employees take the required breaks. ", " I love this job. Its a hard job but working as a team it is a great feeling when you do well. It pays great and offers overtime hours as well as asking off 2 days prior. flexible scheduling. ", " A typical day at Amazon was a fast-pace productive environment. Amazon taught me how to work as a team member of a large company. The management was always there to lend there hand or advice to help do things as smooth as possible. The thing I enjoyed the most was I working with everyone. ", " worked on assembly line, fast paced environment, co-workers are all good friendly people, managers don't always treat employees with respect and there is not much room for advancement. ", " This job is very fast pace , working alone to meet goals and deadlines. With a little help from fellow employees you can barely get through the night or day. ", " .Really good place as stepping stone...many opportunities..good management..good scheme of benefits, pension programme... ", " That\u2019s an interesting question. I love Mondays, mostly because the day flies by in a flash. Most days I get in early so I can get emails done and be ready for the project team meeting. ", " I worked there through Integrity Staffing. I didn't really like it, if you weren't working directly for Amazon, you didn't qualify for some of the games and such they had, which was unfair to me. Other than that it was a good, fast paced place to work. I'd recommend being a direct Amazon worker, and not a staffing employee. ", " Good company to work for. They offer excellent benefits to their employees and there are plenty of advancement opportunities. The life/work balance is not so great at times. ", " Picking using scanner pick products from the library shelves. Operate forklift. Take item from them into boxes the customer. ", " It's a challenging place to work. The work itself is fun, but it is very political. Management is totally focused on meeting numerical goals. People are just numbers, and if you're a temp, then you're a 2nd class citizen. They don't need you because they can always replace you. Our motto at one point was \"Work hard, have fun, make history\" but the workforce changed it to \"Work hard, or you're history.\" ", " I have worked in warehouses for a long time now and I want a contract in a wearhouse not a agency thanks.  I have worked at ikea for nearly 2 years and they put me on 12 hrs shifts on weekends and I didn't want to work them so I found another job at amazon and I enjoyed that and I was there for about 4 months but them they layed me off which I wasn't very happy about it? ", " No complaints other than shipping and receiving dispatching you a cart later than they really should. The job stability is nice if you can maintain a steady number of delivery hours a week. ", " Amazon is a fun easy job with great pay and benefits.  A typical day is usually smooth with plenty of work and the fact that they will work around your school schedule and pay for a good portion of a selected career is awesome! ", " its repetitive boring  high tech  no brainier easy  long hours  lots of overtime  bad management no opportunity  great people  good benefits  bad traffic ", " Amazon gives anybody a chance regardless of race, ethnic group, religion, and age a chance to come in and earn a livable wage. ", " fast pace and energizing  how the distribution process works very strict and upfront very fair environment and everyone seemed friendly maintaining the same pace throughout the day making rate and being able to have the ability to go home early ", " The compensation, insurance and time off is a great package that comes with working at Amazon. They make sure to take care of all associates and work really hard at providing opportunities. ", " At the beginning of my tenure, a lot of promises were made in the interview. After 6 months I started seeing those promises dismissed. such as, mandatory weekend coverage, more hours to work, and an abrupt company atmosphere. The management will only assist the people that \"kiss ****\".  Most were under paid and there is a huge turn over. It is a good job for starters. You will learn a lot on your own because of high pressure. The training is worthless. This is the worst training I have ever received. You may have to search for training on your own outside.  If you love call centers then you may fit in. Promotions are based on how much  you are likable by managers. Finally, compensation is not good. You don't get wellness assistance, you don't even get free amazon stuff. 401K has a very low match and if you receive stocks you have to wait 4 years to get vested. Usually people leave before that. Oh, and you can forget about average raises, because the do not exist. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " During my time with Amazon I was able to expand my knowledge in the warehouse position.  I met some amazing people there as well. ", " Over all, I learned a lot working here. Their management is great and team leaders. Environment was great always up beat and out going.  Co-workers was diversed and were funny. ", " The job isn't that bad, it's the management that  Make this entire experience horrible! They are so disorganized and unprofessional. The do not train you like they are suppose to or explain the job details. ", " A typical day is just scanning your badge and start youyr day on one end that needs help or that has bens open to store items. You must scan items according to bar codes and store them for pickers to get. ", " A typical day at work would be me going in doing my job and what I have to do help people that needs to be helped with any questions. I go to meetings with the managers where we discuss what our goal is for the day, and how we can meet that goal and what has to be done to meet it. Being at Amazon I have learned how to do so many different jobs and I love it. The management at Amazon I can honestly say we have a good team of management. They help everyone with anything and any problems they are very understanding and very nice, and cooperative. The co-workers at Amazon are all very nice there is never any problems everyone comes to work does the job and goes home. Their is no hard part of the job Amazon is a good company to work for, and its very easy. The most enjoyable part of the job is working with a team all the time where everyone gets along, ", " management needs to pay attention all the workers equally. co-workers were friendly but managers sometimes get rude. the typical day was busy. but the nice thing is, there are two shifts: morning and evening, so one can pick according to his own flexibility. ", " Awesome place to work. Great opportunity for anyone, Career opportunity. During my time there, I developed life lasting skills and work ethic! . ", " I love this job. Its a hard job but working as a team it is a great feeling when you do well. It pays great and offers overtime hours as well as asking off 2 days prior. flexible scheduling. ", " Picking and packing goods, moving, checking and storing, packaging and labelling before they are dispatched, keeping the warehouse clean and tidy for other staff members to work in. ", " If you are looking for a company that works at employee retention you should look elsewhere.  However, if you just want work experience then by all means apply.  This company misapplies performance metric statistics to job performance. The statistical data interpretation does not take context into consideration and flies in the face of common sense.  The job culture teaches peers to throw each other under the bus while smiling and claiming to be supportive.  Management claims to be supportive and departments that are supposed to assist in issue resolving often refuse to do their jobs and often do not fairly assess situations.  Management censors public communication between employees that openly calls their support of unfair policy applications and practices unfair.    Amazon leads teach line-staff to \"give away the store\" by throwing unjustified refunds, and concessions instead of fixing the broken system. ", " A typical day consist of a  Herd of people trying to rush and squeeze past each-other on a work floor. I learned to be overly observant and how to work extremely fast. When your 15 minute break is over management sends supervisors in with whistles to scream at you. If your late back from your break trying to get a drink management doesn't care they deduct your pay and even write you up. Most of the management I came into contact with were not friendly, rude, sarcastic, and even obnoxious. My fellow co-workers were good people but they were always misled by actual Amazon worker. The hardest part of the job is trying to get correct information about shift changes, pay changes, and parking. The only thing i enjoyed about working at Amazon was my check. ", " Amazon needs to think more about its employee culture and managers here should be a little more concerned about employee careers. ", " Overall good company, certain FC's steer clear, there are some location that put production over the safety of there emplyess ", " I learnt a lot from this experience and thoroughly enjoyed working here. I worked long hours and it was very challenging. ", " Only good for a student, or a person who needs insurance badly. If you like doing exactly the same thing over and over then this is for you. ", " Job atmosphere is very similar to that of a high school. A lot of immature young adults that barely work. Also, attendance is based off a point system so there is no days to request off. ", " The management at FTW1 is dull at best and very unprofessional. The people there will start drama with anyone and i ended up seeing seeing the warehouse as high school all over again. ", " I like this work, coworkers are focus to the work, the team leader are professional, it,s very fun to work in this environment. ", " I only worked one season as amazon's picker and the first few nights were actually quite fun. I enjoyed the somewhat friendly environment between shifts. We're required to do stretching exercises before starting our 12+ hour shifts. The pay is very nice, but that's about it for PROs. You're assigned two 15 minute breaks every 4 hours of constant moving around and you're spending most of that just walking back to the break room from your post. To make matters worse if you are even one second late, you're instantly written up before crossing through the security line. Though you get paid for those 15 minute \"breaks\", you only get a 30 minute lunch unpaid and with the insane work load you're putting yourself though, that's hardly enough time to refresh before finishing the rest of your shift. Myself and many others complained about this to the management and none of cared at all. Their job is basically to stand/sit around for the entire time hounding at others for either not being fast enough or not at all. They just don't get it. I believe in hard work, but there's only so much a person can do running on 5 to 7 hours of sleep. Employees at Walmart get treated better than this! ", " I picked items of the shelves for customers that order things. That was my job I did everyday I was scheduled to work "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I learned a lot from interacting with people from many backgrounds and cultures. The hardest part of the job was the night shift, I did not adjust well to this pattern. As a highly competitive individual I thrived in the high energy and fast paced production environment. ", " Not Bad at all.  Just some of the management only thought for themselves and not for the good of the group or the company.  I worked there for a little over 6 months but for whatever reason I was never offered an opportunity for advancement or any chance at a pay raise.  Other than that I liked my job there at Amazon. ", " I enjoy working at amazon, I especially enjoy doing quality control and working with great co-workers. I have become used to working 10 hour days and I enjoy the challenge. ", " Truly the worst place I can imagine working. I had to wear shorts and tee shirts all winter because for some unknown reason they had the heat blasting. The second and third floors were nauseatingly hot. The building manager just told everyone to wear layers because it is colder outside.  Since Amazon is always looking for \"innovation\" it didn't matter if it actually improved anything as long as a manager could claim it did and make themselves look good. Pick paths were changed, making it harder to pick the required amount of items. If you didn't make quota you would be written up and later fired.  Almost all managers were hired from outside and never did the work the real employees did. The PAs were way more tolerable than the fresh out of college graduates they would hire to be managers.  If you trained people instead of giving you a raise for the peak months you were given a free dinner and an Amazon gift card. The temp agency is always having a hard time getting people to work during peak so I trained temps that made more per hour than me. What a great morale boost. I was making about $12.75 working nights training people making $14 who would quit in a few weeks.  You were expected to pick a certain amount of items in a night and to stay on task. If a manager noticed you hadn't scanned anything in a few minutes they would come find you and tell you to get back to work.  Dangerous bins overfilled with items would fall if you tried to take the wrong item out. The totes you picked into would fill themselves out so you might only be able to put a few items in it before ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> it assumed you couldn't fit the next item in it (or it would be to heavy) making shoes an absolute nightmare to try and pick.  Basically it was a terrible place to work and I am no longer an Amazon customer. ", " i loved this job amazon only reason why i dont work there now is because it was temporary and my time ran out becuause ur only able to work a certain amount of hours before you become permanient but the pay and people were great i learned alot there ", " Very productive workplace although very isolated here isn't much socializing except on breaks other than that it was also really quiet ", " Overall Fast workplace, never stop, always working but benefits and overtime is awesome and overall it works around my schedule for life ", " PA ordering and departing pick ups on a daily basis insuring departures on time, insure rate is at standards  amazon not always take to account of situations on hand. Not fair. managers often favor associates for advancement or exception position assignments. ", " You scan packages, you learn how to work with alot of different personalities. Managers are nice co-workers are fun getting the product out in reasonalbe time depending how your night starts off. Having fun. ", " Great Company to work for. Demonstrates positive work attitude. Running offers on line making sure they are complete and sent out on time. ", " The workplace was fun I came in everyday and there was always a different experience. With mangers that are very kind and understanding. ", " 7:00am to 5:00pm I learned to pick pack drive a forklifts management issuing out assignments great co-workers walking 15 miles or more while picking on the floor coaching other employee, being able to respond to emergency  as a EMT-B ", " good work environment, had to leave on family issues but would have stayed if I could. typical warehouse job just moving things around and putting things where they should go ", " Amazon is certainly not for those faint of heart. You will be challenged on a day by day basis to do more and do it better. Internal promotion opportunities are limited. ", " Typically i work at day time. I leaned how inter-act to other raise people and safety in work. The manage is quite ok. My co-workers is niece and with have coordition with other.The hardest parts of may job is there you always sweating lifting heavy weith. The most enjoyble is during my 2 days off. ", " My typical day goes by very fast due to the high package count I am requested to deliver. The hardest part of my job is missing holidays due to my wook schedule. ", " manager was horrible to me and everybody else in the plant.. Don't have a management skills at all... short breaks and lunches... ", " a typical day at amazon was to stock shelves for customer orders, I have learned that you must stock with safety in mind because we had an awful lot of heavy items to stock, however, you should always lift with your legs and not with your back.  I had the best Manager, and the co-workers, old and new where very professional.  What I liked about the job is we got to see first hand what Amazon has to offer, and I wasn't just an Amazon employee, I am also a Customer. ", " Amazon is a good place for work, especially on the seller support side.  The benefits are good and the pay is reasonably high, especially for the area I live in.   The only thing i can think of however is that they do expect you to work.  Just because it is a call center does not mean slacking to much is allowed.  That being said the balance between work and personal life is good. ", " Typical day is busy busy busy. I learned about how call centers work. Answering phones, using a database to find answers, etc. Management was very cool and enthusiastic, but part of a corporate culture that was very rigid. I had some great co-workers. They were an eclectic bunch. The hardest thing was arranging any kind of time off. Sick days were very inflexible, and could get you fired very fast. Amazon had a great break room with ping pong, movies, wifi, games, and a variety of snacks. And unlimited free coffee. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is an okay place to work if you are between jobs; however it isn't a job to make a career from.  It is too much micro managing.  If they managers let leave you alone to do your work, then it may be ok.  No morale in the facility.  It will sometimes interfere with your family life because of the long hours of overtime.  The benefits are great! ", " when I pick, I go through the A or B Mods to pick out the customers items and place it on the conveyor belt to be pack.  When I pack, I pack with care and maintain a high rate and production ", " Amazon is a good place to work, productive and fun workplace with ping pong, safety, good workers and supervisor with high pay. i can recommend amazon for people to work, i really enjoyed worked there . ", " Amazon.com was a very good job with great pay even for the temporary-workers. As a temp, you get paid weekly, you still get incentives, and sure you don't have benefits yet, but, after 250 work hours, you are eligible for full-hire. After getting full-hire you then get paid every 2 weeks, and get a raise every 6-months.  Working for Amazon.com, you can choose what shift you want to work (night or day), you also get 3 breaks a day which are spaced out nicely to give you plenty of time to relax. The health benefits are good if you pay for the better plans, they have a nurse right in the building, they are great with safety, and I found myself with managers that actually listened to their employees and tried to compensate so that both parties were satisfied. Managers would work alongside employees to get orders done, and we all pulled our weight. We would have picnics and other dinners and such or reaching goals and it made the place fun. I worked with some really amazing people, still got to have a life on the outside, and not once said that I hated my job. I would go back if I could, but I relocated. ", " Cold culture.  You make it or you don't, no investment in development or morale, old boys/girls club mentality, who you know. ", " Managed &amp; trained a crew of 95 shipping agents with duties to include daily schedules, nightly goals and procedures. Assessments to ensure orders were prepared for shipment per established estimated contractual intervals for production. Operated electric forklift and pallet jack as needed. ", " If your young and uneducated then this is the place for you. If you have been fired from your good job and need a paycheck other than from the government then this is your place. If you don't like your family and want to work all the weird hours then Amazon has a place for you. ", " I found that the work here is easy but very repetitive, which is fine, if you don't mind that for 10 hours a day. The pay can be worth it if your pay doesn't get screwed up. However, during \"peak season\" (November - February) they hire thousands of people each month at each warehouse and in order to compensate for that they rewrite they're system to cause the numbers that inventory counters get to not match up with the numbers they are expected to get. This results in a quality write-up. After 3 of these quality write-ups. Your assignment is terminated (fired). ", " In general you will work hard.   If you are interested in learning new things its good for that. Pay and benefits are decent. Good luck going anywhere in the company though and after 3 years your pay is maxed out.   You'll be told to do different things at the same time by managers and the hours are quite long. My feet hurt everyday.   People are great there and you'll meet a diverse group. ", " There are things to a warehouse that almost no one likes but at the end of the day we get the job done. Long hours and sometimes hot in the building we are just one building out of hundreds. ", " This company will pretty much hire anyone with an ID and kids just coming out of college who about 80% have never had a job and are in charge of about 50-60 associates at a time. Some buildings are based off production rates but this location claimed not to be which is a HUGE lie. Formerly being part of leadership we would go around throughout the day telling associates they need to move faster or they would be written up. Some of the managers don't care about what is going on within their team to even get to know their associates names. Other managers spent their days flirting with their associates while making their PA's do their work. But there are a very small few Leaderships they actually care and are willing to help, the others however could care less. Most of Leadership are more worried about the gossip going around then trying to make sure what was being done. Would also like to mention that this building isn't that safe when you think about it... You can pretty much bring whatever you want (phone, keys, knife, gun, etc.) into the building, but will have a hard time getting anything out. Again they will hire anybody with an ID.  Started off great and then crashed and burned!! ", " I would give this facility a 10/10 because everyone in the different departments know how to keep things moving and with limited downtime. The skills i learned here are wonderful skills to have and with the help of other team members made the work a lot less stressful.  management is awesome they are always willing to help people out and if you need questions answered they are there to answer them or direct you to someone that does know. typical work day loading boxes on to a trailer, sorting, loading pallets with overflow packages, lots of standing and walking but overall easy to do and getting the knowledge of how things work and operate.  the hardest part of the job is getting used to the fast pace and willing to just jump in to any situation that might arise most enjoyable part is making new friends and getting to know the other departments and how the facility works as one big,well oiled machine to get customers orders out on time and delivered as expected ", " If you are lucky enough to have a good manager in a good org, you can have a great experience. This is very rare here. Almost everyone I knew the entire time I was there was overworked to the point of exhaustion. It was not uncommon to receive (and be expected to reply) to emails at 10pm on a Sunday. You are always expected to be available. Sick days are not sick days. They are days that you *only* respond to email from bed. Almost all of the management team will tell you that they believe in work/life balance, but take this with a grain of salt. If you clock out at 6, you will not be promoted. And if you are not promoted after 2 years, they will start to make moves to have you removed. ", " Working at amazon last summer was good. As a shower i would take items that were coming in to the facility and \"stow\" them in areas that they belonged to in the warehouse. The hardest part of the job would have to be that you are on your feet for the entire ten hour shift. It can get exhausting if you are not used to it. Although, there were two fifteen minutes breaks and a thirty minute lunch throughout the day. The most enjoyable part of the job was the people. I got along well with my co workers whenever I would speak with them. ", " The work is not hard but the constant standing and hustle on the hard floors take their tole on the body. The management is kept young, not much opportunity for over the age of 40 to move up to a management slot. They like to snatch managers fresh out of college with no real work experience. Amazon does have real good benefits and work bonuses, such as 401k, monthly bonuses, tuition for education and more. The thing with Amazon that you need to be ready for is when they are in their busy season, you will have no time to call your own. Their busy season can very depending on what department you get placed in and they will decide where you will be needed on an almost daily basis. The work is simple so they can replace anyone at any time. The pay is good for what you are doing because Amazon gains its revenue by sheer volume. ", " It's a workout. A diverse atmosphere of co-workers. The management staff is understanding and strives to push their employees to their highest capacity to complete all tasks. Most days can be a drag due to the 10 hour shifts, however the management staff engages their employees with competitive games and prizes. ", " they are a stable company that is easy to move up in if you have the basic schooling requirements.  Lower level work varies from area to area and I recommend finding an area that suits you. ", " just a regular warehouse position nothing too special simple work for the most part flexible schedules to choose from management doesn't pay much attention to you they dont really care everyone is mostly temp thru agencies so many people come and go but since it is so busy the temp jobs do last awhile ", " I was able to have positions in ICQA and Inbound processing at Amazon. Work was hard and pay was fair, but you had no room for personal life over peak periods; which included Christmas. ", " A truly terrible place to work,with more rules than the British army. This company does not ask for you to do overtime it tells you ,compulsory overtime and then it increased your day from 10.5 to 11.5 hours per day all for just above the minimum wage.   Management or at least a majority have no man management skills,nor can most of them run a kids party with any degree of expertise or success.    Co-workers are great all trying to do a job, earn some money at this time of year and most will help you if they can.    Trying to equal the numbers per hour Amazon wants you to process is not easy, but with no union to check the figures you are on a hiding to nothing , if you dont agree they will tell you where the door is.      The most emjoable part of the job is going home. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This is THE WORST job I've ever had. mind numbing labor that monkeys could be trained to do. If you have a good work ethic and like to hustle don't work for them, the only reward your hard work gets you at this company is to be put in more demanding positions for the same pay. Try to learn as little as possible because the more functions you know how to do the harder they will work you. Rampant favoritism throughout the building. I had a new boss every 3 months and there were only a couple of them that ever helped out or did any real work. The rest of them sat at their desks on Facebook or YouTube and would quickly switch over to a work screen if an employee came up to them and then they would wonder why they didn't get all the items shipped out in time or why the lines were backed up. If a machine breaks down you can expect to wait 30+ minutes for facilities/maintence to arrive to fix it because they sat in their own little hidden corner of the building playing World of Warcraft the whole time and made everyone wait until they were done doing whatever quest or other nonsense in that game.  If you make a mistake or aren't working up to your normal standards you can expect to hear about it from 5 different bosses. I constantly performed at 150% rate or higher and the couple of weeks where I only made 110% rate they tried to write me up even though my rate was above 100%. Short breaks. Good benefits, that's it. ", " Communication with Hr is no good, and management sucks, it is all younger adults that never had a job, and there is a lot of favoritism with their friends. ", " the benefits are good as well as the pay. had fun working with and meeting new people. the management is a bit iffy but they do have an open door policy that works on the employees favor. its a very easy job any department you go to is very simple when it comes to completing the tasks ", " great atmosphere never a dull moment at work. the people at work always had positive attitudes, there was also a constant flow of work everyday ", " A place where as long as you do your job and come to work then you will always have a job. There are also plenty of opportunities for job advancement if you did want to make a career out of it. ", " I loved working for Amazon it was totally an experience working production and learning the in side and out of the company ,health insurance was a major plus but there was plenty of room to grow with the company ", " Amazon is a great company to work for. Co-workers are amazing, managers and the whole 9 yards. Benefits and pay are outstanding. ", " Average Amazonian works 10 hour shifts, must be on the floor for a mini meeting (one before shift begins and one after lunch). Whatever department you are in, you must scan your badge (most likely to a computer) within a certain time to begin work.   I learned how to scan items into a cart, pick items out of a machine, pack boxes, etc.  Management is a bit iffy! Most are trained to micro manage individuals and were eagerly willing to ATTEMPT to make sure things were in order. Very big warehouse with different departments, so SOME TRIED to at least gradually know the individuals that are within their department.   Very diverse (age, race, etc.) most stayed to themselves, some, a little more livelier than others. Usually a tad bit more crowded during holiday seasons with new hires.  The hardest part of my job was to stay on status quo with their requirements for long periods of times every work day. Very easy work but repetitive which makes amazons standards extremely high!   The most enjoyable part of the job in all honesty, was to sit down and enjoy the little time you did have on break to renew yourself a bit! Work was usually competitive and sometimes played \"games\" for associates to win snacks and amazon items. ", " I have always enjoyed coaching and mentoring of people. This  has been a passion of mine since starting my career in the call centre and use other peoples weakness to develop my strengths. I am passionate about work and always ensure that I leave only when I am happy with the effort I put in for the day. I have learnt of ways to understand individuals and work together with people on their developments. ", " its a good place to work if you are a hard worker like myself, but there i long hours and very short breaks and lunch. so yeah thats my review to all you people hope you happy anyways ", " Worked there for a seasonal work, the agency ISS are liars , I was offered a position with Amazon and the agency screwed me over, let me go prior to Amazon doing my background and drug testing, stupid point system, they are there just to ruin lives, and they treat humans as commodity. left there quick. ", " The only good thing I can say is that you get paid.  Everything else shows that this place doesn't know how to run or be fair to the people who work there. for example, I brought up the issue that some of the storages areas were not open to stow things in about half way through my time there and seeing as I was working during the run up to Christmas, all possible storage space is needed. These bins were never opened even though the lead said they would get them opened as soon as they could showing that the higher ups only pretend to listen to what stowers says are the big problems with where they work. ", " typical day consisted of 12 hour shifts,the more i worked the more i learned about my job,the management was always very helpful when a problem came up to solve,the co-workers were nice and friendly,the hardest part of the job was being very fast paced,the most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new friends ", " It was enjoyable, easy work. Co workers were really nice and got along with everyone easily. Was well respected and was asked to do multiple different jobs around the warehouse. ", " Great place to work and the work was very easy. Management and HR could use some improving when it comes to handling issues with associates. Hardest part was the first week on the job getting your body used to walking a lot and lifting. ", " work was simple and easy. you felt like everyone was family you spent so much time with them. But i did fell like i was there more than home ", " I worked their for almost a year. The management on days in Inbound have a lot of favoritism. The managers didn't really care about the employees. ", " Answering calls &amp; helping customers with various issues. Co-workers are always respectable. Had some issues with pay roll. Management does what they can when issues arise. ", " Moneys good, life's good. Learnt various health and safety rules due to hazmat products. Co-workers were easy to get on with, never had any trouble. I'd say the hardest part of the job travelling so far to get there and back. I learnt how to scan and pack products efficiently. ", " Sorting parcel whole night. It is simply and dynamic job. The place is brand new and everything is in good condition. Good management. Different people from all over the world work there. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Allows for you to learn at your pace and help customers with problems. Flexible and great people to work with and a company who puts their employees first along with their customers. ", " My day consist of walking anywhere from 15 to 20 miles easy. I learned that you can walk this distance daily. Management does what they can to help however they will not move you to train in another area unless you are meeting rate in your own area. I thought that was silly because everyone is not good at doing the same thing. The people there are very friendly and I enjoy meeting and talking to different staff. ", " Many tasks are monotonous and too repetitive, which quickly leads to disinterest and burn-out, There is no opportunity for advancement and training in desired areas. Having to repeatedly ask management for fair opportunity to cross-train in requested departments is frustrating. Many ambassadors and some members of management are rude and act as if any question you ask them is a dumb question. I've seen some management members humiliate employees in front of everyone else in the department at stand-up if they make the smallest error instead of coming to that person directly to bring correction.Moving people to departments (that are considered the hardest in which to make rate due to impossible conditions and standards) that they did not apply for and telling them they must transfer or risk losing their jobs is a deceptive and back-handed ploy which only has the bottom line in mind instead of the success of those employees. ", " Everyday started with a meeting in which the same thing you heard on the first day is repeated every day you work that week, but none of the actual changes were discussed. You weren't treated as an actual person, you were a number that had other numbers tied to. All red tape and politics, with a very visible glass ceiling for all hourly employees. ", " Great coworkers with an awesome sense for teamwork. A lot if heavy lifting, but we have fun pushing each other to see who could do the most work with safety and quality in mind at all times. Management is like a revolving door, never really get to know them to well, but they are all very professional. Some are young, just out of college and think they know everything, but eventually come around and realize that we all can learn from each other. I really enjoy getting to know my coworkers, whether it is during lunch or working in a team environment.  The hardest part of the job is trying to stay motivated due to the job being so repetitive, very repetitive. ", " A typical day at work? Tiresome. I learned how to multitask very well. Management is sketchy. Co-workers were very friendly and always willing to lend a helping hand. The hardest part of the job was learning how to multitask between different machines. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting my friendly co-workers, and gaining insight on what actually happens before a customer receives their product. ", " went to work all the time and did the same thing, there was no challenge. literally everything was the same every day. the people were very nice. there was no real security At the job, watched many people come and go. ", " Very strong principles with a great ability to succeed and grow. Positive culture and a strong sense of camaraderie with support at all levels. Amazon's belief in transparency promotes trust and strength between leadership and team. ", " Amazon is a great place to work for. It's fast place but you can always finish the day with a great feeling of accomplishment. Management and co-workers are easy to get along with. ", " The work is super fast paced and they don't support you or fully train you. It is all about them making quotas and any cost. You are extremely expendable and must find your own niche to stay alive in Amazon or they will make you leave or fire you. Temporary job for most very good especially during the holidays but after that watch out. ", " Amazon is a great place for anyone who is driven. There is a wealth of information and knowledge. This really is a company for self starters who is comfortable and looking to drive their own career path. ", " i enjoyed working for amazon.com they gave me all training that i need to learn and move forward into the company they have great staff helping you all the time in what you need ", " its very hard work u have fun at the same time it was a good place to work at. we did alot we work hard the people are friendly the days go by fast i enjoy working at amazon.This company is great, working your way up is why Amazon looses so many amazing people. I do feel it is a great work life balance, but even if I worked harder my efforts wouldn't be recognized or appreciated from a fiscal perspective. ", " Seasonal part time position of 4 hrs each day. Picked hours off schedule  Weekly meetings one on one, team meetings (4-6) and team (whole group) meetings to discuss what helps you on calls, that can help others.   being able to find that special give and get it delivered when customer didn't think it could happen was the best feeling. getting a review from a customer saying : \"Untold the problem very clearly and the help from the customer representative was excellent. Very professional and exceptional communication skills. A pleasure working with this customer representative on the problem I had. Solved my problem quickly and explain with wonderful communication while it had occurred. Just excellent customer service.\" ", " You begin your shift by clocking into the electronic scanner with your Amazon ID Badge. Soon after, you meet your coworkers and manager before starting at your needed positions. The hardest part of my job was Peak season when everyone was required to work 11 hour shifts with only two fifteen minute breaks and one thirty minute break. The most enjoyable part of my job was that I was left to complete each of my goals independently. ", " i drive an hour away and work my head off for me not to advance and be disrespected. The place is a nice place to work but the management is not the best ", " Many things are still being figured out at DFW7, so there isn't much consistency to its structure. Negative factors of the job are slowly being worked on due to persistent debate. ", " i work here and 10 hours looks hard to do but is easy when u get 2 breaks and 1 lunch time but the bad thing about amazon is the leaderships are always in their office, they don't care that much about their employees, if u do a good job where you at u have to know that they will keep u in the same position unless u apply for another position and to apply for another position u have to wait 90 days working there to have that benefit. 10 hours of job is hard sometimes because every time i go to sleep, when i wake up, i just have like 2 hours gap to do whatever i want and then go to the work again. ", " Its a fun exciting place to work, you really learn a lot from day to day on how to provide the right customer service to the right customers. ", " The West Columbia warehouse is so focused on hitting numbers that they completely ignore quality and concern for safety. The company as a whole claims to promote advancement but seem to be only interested in hiring past military personnel (nothing against the military--thank you for your service) and recent college graduates. This puts the rest of us at a disadvantage. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This is fast paced environment, you have to be willing and have endurance for the. I break times, because the building is so huge you would spend most of your break walking to the bathroom,break room or even you cars ", " covering reception,12 scanners and dealing face to face every day with associates and clients and gaining lots of positive customer service skills.working 12 shifts , days and nights on a 6 on 3 off system. ", " My experience at Amazon was a great experience. Shipping and receiving was fun for me because we challenged ourselves every shift to beat the day shifts numbers. Pushing each other in a positive mind set and helping each other out with loading trucks, and wrapping items. From the big bosses to the managers to even the associates, no matter what your level was in the company, they helped out EVERYWHERE. I would say the hardest part of the job was being at work for 12 hours straight, but it didn't really hit until I actually got home and laid in bed. ", " Communicating and consulting, with stake holders after making changes out in the field . My strengths would be: Deliver Results, Customer Obsession, Ownership, these are my strengths. ", " No job security, expectations are no where near realistic. Unfair treatment of employees. Favoritism. Long days, no chance to breathe. Short breaks. ", " I'm very sad  when i remember that because i loved this job we worked as family every day with our managers we dont feel whith any difference between the manager and us ", " generally a good place to work with ease of promotion. physically quite a bit more than your average job but not to difficult. process paths in every department are easy to use and fast to learn. hardest part would be just standing on your feet for ten hours straight doing the same motion over and over. ", " This job taught me how to efficiently meet goals at a fast and challenging pace. My co-workers were very nice to work and talk with. ", " operated in a very fast pace environment...constantly walking and working long hours...being people oriented and showing great customer service ", " While I work here I witnessed a lot of staff being blackmail and also lack of immaturity also workers and staff who are unprofessional. The overseers misuse their power of authority. ", " If you enjoy being belittled after every effort and think it's fun to work for an employer who only cares about their own wealth then this is the job for you. Think you'll ever get to work less than 65 hours a week? Wrong. ", " This is a company is great or not so, completely dependent on you. If you have needs outside of your job, like caring for family, this is not a great place due to a lack of work/life balance. IF you are not dedicated to caring for another, it is a great company with huge benefits.   If you enjoy being pushed to excel, perfect place. If you enjoy innovation and creativity - awesome.   If you like to come home and turn off the job - not happening... ", " The lower management seem not to care about the employees just their own daily productivity goals. i loved working for amazon my first couple of months there. however, during the little under two years i was there management had a high turn over rate.. ", " i take new experience in every job i do, this job was one of my favorite because most of the time is driving far. its a very responsible job ", " didnt like working there, bad wadge, didnt like the place at all, had to leave because i couldnt get there because they stopped the buses ", " Working here taught me how to work at a very fast pace, gain disciple, become well-organized and provide customers assistance at a set time even though we couldn't interact with the customers face-to-face. ", " The only thing i liked about working for amazon was the 15.00 seasonal pay other than that the work was hard and very fast pace. ", " To many rule changes with no communication. Favoritism between dayshift and night shift. Not enough manager experience with technicians. ", " Over all, I learned a lot working here. Their management is great and team leaders. Environment was great always up beat and out going.  Co-workers was diversed and were funny. ", " nice staff and coworkers 10 hour shift hundreds of workers huge facility staffing agency/ smx staffing  pretty good pay weekly pay "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I love my job at Amazon. There are a few departments that have their favorites. But if you do your work you have nothing to worry about. An average day for me is to keep the robots going, floors free from product, and helping as many people as I can. I had the opportunity to go and train new associates in New Jersey for 3 weeks. That was so awesome. Now Amazon is offering Career Choice, where they help you get a degree and pay up 95% classes and books. ", " unrealistic targets for christmas. non flexible working hours. long days short breaks. great that you only have to work 4 days to do 40 hours and over time is paid well ", " Its a great place to work with the nice people in your department and great environment to work. They have a bus to take you to work. ", " Working in amazon was always great, the people were great to work with, fun and friendly. there was plenty of opportunity to grow and progress which was a great bonus for me and lots of other people I knew. ", " This is a good company to work for as long as you lift up to 50 pounds by yourself and do not have to miss work for more than a week (medically necessary or not) ", " a typical day would be scanning but once you have worked for a while you begin getting moved around for other tasks around the warehouse. i learned how to use a hand scanner, i better improved communication with others to be able to finish a task. many people work there so you can always find someone to talk to where you work if you really want to.the hardest part of the job would have been moving up as you have to be vocal and not everyone is . overall the job was very enjoyable. i am talking about ont5, i am not sure what ont2 is like. ", " Amazon has fantastic benefits but the management team is very unorganized. They are constantly stepping on each other. You are continuously pulled in multiple directions everyday and it seems that all they care about is making the numbers. If they would stop and go back to they way things were done when this location opened, it would be the top location in the nation in production. ", " It was a heavy job, lifting boxes and there was pressure to rush to the next pick. It was a short term contract up to Christmas but work was offered in the New Year.  I decided not to take it as I was coming to the UK, for better choice of work, better pay and  I was able to understand Amazon's computer systems and the handset we bused when picking items. ", " my current job is amazing but I'm looking for something with higher pay and a job where I can grown higher at. The management is incredible. The hardest part of the job is the lifting. ", " Management wants this place to Google so bad.  The only problem is the work culture is more like a southern plantation than a cool, hip work place.  The only way to advance is become part of the \"in-crowd\" of frat-ish type leadership.  The work is HARD on the body and they don't care.  The young employee walk around in pajamas bottoms with neon colored hair and guess what they get promoted faster than some with 30 years work experiences.  The place is a trip. ", " Fun work place nice people and video games available during break times. help along the way, if needed. always something new to learn and things to do. ", " covering reception,12 scanners and dealing face to face every day with associates and clients and gaining lots of positive customer service skills.working 12 shifts , days and nights on a 6 on 3 off system. ", " hardwork is all i can say. its nothing you want to settle for. but the benefits and the pay was worth it. i guess thats why i stayed for so long ", " Great Place to get started really fast paced you will be put to the test and there are people to help you along the way such as management and other co-workers with you. ", " good job for peoples wich just came to uk,targets was too big to achive for normal peoples, without air conditioning all summerswas like a horror ", " good company only worked seasonal , it was a fast paced work place long hours but was worth the experience. ", " Working at Asmazon was a great experience. I met a lot of kind people. A typical day at work was pretty good. I had 3 breaks and worked in a fast pace the whole night long. The hardest part about the job was keeping up the fast speed the whole night. When i got the hang of it, i was great. I learned to work really hard even if I was tired. The management was nice because they would come around and have conversations with us. ", " My job at amazon was seasonal but within a short time I learned different positions. A typical day was long and you constantly had to move at a fast pace. Management made sure you were meeting quota with how many boxes you sent out and if the quality was perfect. Most co workers were helpful and friendly I made many friends their. The hardest part was keeping a steady high pace and standing for long periods of time. Enjoyable part was meeting a wide variety of people from all around the world. Also the pay was highly decent. Overall the job was worth it and wish I could have made it permanent. ", " Coming in for working starting your day that you have overtime on Sunday that you have to come in work. I learn fast pace and good rates. Management is pretty good some care and help others out. The co-workers its kind of like high school there have groups. Hardest part is keeping your rate up and keeping the fast pace. The  most enjoyable is get the week over with and spending time with family when your off that the only time you have with family. ", " A typical day at amazon would be arriving and clocking in, finding a station, and starting your work as soon as possible. They allow two 15 minute breaks and one 30 minute lunch. The walk to your break areas are definitely confined to at least 10 minutes. Most people there are nice and wonderful; however, some of the leaders are not what you expect to be. The best part of the job would have to be, for me, the income. The worst part is asking questions to learn and being told that they don't know. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I like working in an environment whereby everyone is treated fairly and equally.  Communication is a key point for every successful organisation so I always raise my point of view anytime it's needed and i like colleague's remarques to improve in my job task specially instruction from supervisors. ", " Breaks are suppose to be 15minutes, working at Amazon you must race to and from within 10 mins. Same goes for lunch. A lot favoritism, poor management, lack of communication and respect for their workers. Also, you are UNDER PAID, in the Hebron,KY area. Amazon requires too much, for all the hard work you do; while working at least a 10 hour shift. Find another place to work. My opinion. ", " A typical day at work is working hard and completing assignments.  My co-workers are dependable and trustworthy, hence, we work as a team and we make each other job easier.  My most enjoyable part of the day is the end of the day knowing that you have done a good job and have completed all assignments. ", " The 2012 holiday season was my first with Amazon fulfillment. My department and team were working 70 hours a week between Thanksgiving and Christmas. We worked hard, had a great time, and set Amazon Fulfillment Global receiving records.  Set 2012 World Wide Inbound Volume Records for Holiday Season - Inbound weekly volume record of 5.2 million units processed - Inbound daily volume record of 958,687 units processed - Inbound night shift record of 416,824 units processed ", " Training is inadequate, your duties can change multiple times during your 10 hour shift, advancement is stifled, compensation is minimal compared to the performance expectations. ", " I'm use to working with companies that have the work that's needed in order for their employees to do there jobs successfully, especially when it rates these employees on productivity. Having employees argue over limited work because their in fear of losing there job is not a healthy environment that I want to continue to be around. I have worked in numerous departments showing my skills for the job and have excelled, but I have no desire to advance in this company because it's not allowing honest assessments. ", " Good place to work, just long hours and awkward schedules. The pay is good, but the lack of union allows them to pretty much treat employees however they want to. ", " -Everyday theirs always and adventure and something new to learn.  -My management staff makes the workplace more enjoyable.  -Having to watch everything and not being able to physically help when things go wrong is one of the hardest parts of my job. Especially when coming from being on the floor when thats all i did makes it harder. -The people and management make it worth it. ", " Amazon is a fast paced fulfillment center.  The job asks a lot from each associate every day, but each year Amazon seems to be taking more and more away from their workers.  It has been years since Amazon has given a cost of living raise despite the cost of everything going up over the past few years.  The revolving door of managers makes the job even more difficult. ", " i will never work amazon again. management is the worst they play on their computers or chasing young girls around than doing thier job ", " great place to grow good benefits, great co workers great management . if your looking for growth within a company this it . ", " working at amazon is pretty normal some days if they need you in other areas of the building and you've been trained they will send you there to work. its gets pretty hot because you're always moving. making rate is pretty easy. the people that work their are pretty nice. will help you with anything. the hardest part is standing up for 10 hour straight. but i did enjoy learning new areas and having the highest rate you could leave early or when it was no work getting off early. ", " i enjoyed working for amazon.com they gave me all training that i need to learn and move forward into the company they have great staff helping you all the time in what you need ", " The workers that I work with are pretty much nice and able to get along with.... Most emportant thing to do at your job is to always stay focused and determined. ", " Work day lasts 10 to 12 hours. Learned better organization skill management is chaotic at best. Friends are made easily. Little to no representation as a worker. Being paid a decent wage. ", " Amazon can be a great place to work for people who have no family and few commitments outside of work.  Compensation can be attractive via Restricted Stock--salaries are market.  In a fulfillment center, managers should be prepared for excessive administrative duties, multiple schedule changes within a year--including graveyard--and high expectations for process improvement while attempting to develop people and run a shift.  Can be fun, the people were actually wonderful, but not for the faint of heart. ", " I current work at Quidsi/amazon, Amazon took over not too long ago. Since they have taken over the company has took a turn for the worst. The attendance policy is designed to get you fired. They dont care about family life or emergencies. They run a very strick business. They expect more then what is achievable. Their expectations are VERY high, too high. It's like working in a sweat shop. Only positive are the benefits and the pay. ", " i loved working here was fun and the employee were great the managers where awesome ive worked 12 hour shifts and decided to move back up north....... ", " Working at Amazon has not been okay for me. I love the pay wage and love the hours. The one thing I didn't love while working at there Moonachie location is the pay issues I have had. I don't like Amazon's attitude when it comes to paying there employees. There were actually times where they have not paid me for the days I actually worked. There Fulfillment center was not kept clean therefore my face would break out and my skin would be itching constantly. It was not a blast working here. ", " I enjoyed working at amazon, everyone was helpful. Each day they would take the time to make sure hat we were working in a productive environment they always pushed us to be the best we could be  an their was always work to be done ad set goal for the team also they would switch everyone around to experience different work areas "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Great company lots of opportunity and positive work place. The growth this company offers is second to none,  if you are looking for a challenging workplace then Amazon is the place. ", " Typical day on the job included;  Department briefing of production rate located items within modules by wifi corresponding machines Meeting Expected units per hour rate while being on the clock Problem solving system errors when a scan picks up wrong items  I've learned the right ways to properly move merchandise within safety regulations and techniques to make lifting items easier on the body throughout a shift.   The management was always very knowledgeable and friendly  I met new co workers every day I was there and most of them were highly motivated and task oriented.    The hardest part of this job would be the shifts.. I worked 3rds and my shifts were 10 and a half hours long. Over time I found it to be an obstacle to get daily errands done.  The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people and hearing about friends in the facility getting promotions. ", " Answered 60+ calls from your home office using company equipment.  Co-workers were the best support system!  Hardest part of the job was the survey that was sent to each caller after the call ended, the survey could make you or break you. ", " Amazon has been a great place to work. People are friendly. Management is really good with a lot of experience managers. ", " Amazon can be very stressful. They have mandatory overtime which leaves you absolutely no time to spend with friends or family. I've never worked at a company that had this high of a manager turnover rate. The days are long, boring, and there is a good chance you will be fired for something that you have no control over what-so-ever. However, If you need cash, and don't mind working 10 Hr. shifts, this is the place for you. ", " Hard work and some of the managers dont know how to work as a team, and  learned how to drive a fork lift and how to manage a warehouse and how to do daily reports on a warehouse evac's ", " I cant say this clearly enough.   IF YOU CAN GET A JOB SOMEWHERE ELSE TAKE IT DO NOT WORK AT AMAZON UNLESS YOU ARE TRULY DESPERATE.   A typical day starts with a briefing where you are collectively asked to  give a safety tip and a quality tip. then briefed on anything relevant or important. So far so good however from there its all down hill.   Your day is driven by targets.   Targets for how much you pick per hour.  Targets for idle time (time where your not picking)   Targets for errors.    A supportive conversation is code for a verbal warning although they don't really make that very clear.  And you can get them for something as little as dropping just bellow 100% of target    You are in constant fear of your job and at first every time you see an agency rep at the desk and your messaged to go and see them you think its p45 time   The mentality of the management seems to be a happy workforce is an unproductive workforce.   People are treated like numbers with little or no care given to personal well-being or job satisfaction.    They tell you safety comes first but then expect you to hit fast start targets meaning if you operate machinery your not really give ample time to  carry out safety checks.   I heard of management asking people to try and take toilet breaks during their meal breaks not when they are meant to be working.   They have compulsory overtime during peak  times meaning your required to work up to 60 hours a weeks and normally don't give you fair warning so this can create issues with child care although there is a system where ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> you can request an exception but no guarantee you will get it.   They recently told all temp staff that they would have to move to a 12:00 - 23:30 shift instead of days or lose their contract  because there is no work during the day. When asked about child care I was told it made no difference.   Lunch is 30 minuets unpaid  but you have to get from where your working to the canteen and they don't like you going early to account for the walking time and they expect you back for an afternoon briefing meaning you never actually get to rest for 30 minuets.  I am trying hard to think of something positive to say about working there but  the only good thing I can come up with is that you work 40 hours over 4 days and get 3 off. ", " The overnight shift is fun to work at, my co-workers keep me motivated even if there is no place for advancement and very hard labor work. ", " A normal day as a packer, starts with \"stand up.\" This is where everyone gets updates and at the end of the updates, we stretch. Before heading to our assigned stations. Once at our stations, we perform a readiness check to make sure we have every thing we need to do out job efficiently. Quick start is a must for all packers. To stay on rate you must get pack everything in your cage or cart in a fast pace. Each product must be scanned, place in a box, scan the spoo (barcode for that package), place it on the box and send it to the taper.   I learned to do problem solving, kick outs, and troubleshooting missing items. I learned how to build boxes in the B.O.D. department.   The management sways with the way the day is going. There are some great managers and PAs that genuinely have the employees interest as well as the company at heart. There are some managers that don't care anything about the employees, only to get the work done. Nothing else matters to those few managers.  My co-workers were some of the greatest co-workers, I have ever had the pleasure of working with. Some have a bad language problem that i had to see pass in order to see the good person that lies beyond the language.   The hardest part of the job was listening to some of the employees referring to the job as a slave driven job. I would tell them, \"You made a choice to work for Amazon. No one is forcing you to be here.\"  The most enjoyable part of the job is making new friends and reacquainting myself with friends and classmates I have not seen in years. ", " I really enjoyed my job. I was able to meet new people and learn different things. I learned how to work the DORA, which is the machine that we use to scan the packages. ", " very hard on the body and they are not understanding of work and life balance was hurt on the job and they did everything they could not to pay workers comp. ", " This is an awesome company to work for and learn from. The main focus of Amazon is customer obsession. Amazon values the opinions of its employees and provide clear direction for goals and will help you move forward in the company. The management staff above me, were the best leaders you could ask for. Management always would listen to potential ideas for improvement and would implement what they could. ", " I loved working for amazon, the pay high and take care of their people. The best part is the opportunities that exist. The freedom to make as much as your efforts will allow was the best part working for them. ", " If you would like a good workout, and can keep up with the twenty year olds, than this is the job for you. I stayed in fairly good shape while there, but my body took a beating. ", " My typical day consists of working safely and quickly while providing quality and quantity to make sure customers orders are first priority. I have learned how to be a positive influence on new hires while training them, how to lead production lines, and various job functions. Management varies but are there when needed and has the time for employees needs while trying to ensure shift numbers are meant. I work with various cultures as well as people with disabilities. I enjoy when the company gives out incentives for their employees for their hard work. ", " I was their Coach/Assistant Supervisor. I used to do coaching, mentoring,producing performance metrics for the associate. I did problem solving, audits. ", " a fine tight net machine, I enjoyed working for them. they had great employees and management team+ programs and events within the company to help you improve on your self ", " I learned a lot of things while working at Amazon.com. The managers would motivate us to work harder. Amazon is a good work environment to work at. My co workers were nice and friendly to work with. ", " Everyday I do the same thing, pick customer order and make sure I'm following safety procedures. I get to work alone and sometimes it gets alittle lonely but it's ok. ", " As a picker you work alone, you want to meet your pick times on each of the items that you have on your scan gun. Always stretch as a group before you shift starts which is great because you're on your feet walking and reaching for things high up for long hours at a time. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I landed here at a good time during a rough time. I'd recommend it to people looking for a fresh start with a higher degree of tolerance of ambiguity looking for a place where smart and hard work is rewarded. ", " Amazon has great pay and benefits but it is a very physically demanding job, with long hours. There is not a good work/life balance. Management changes constantly, and there are \"clich\u00e9s\" within each department. There are some very nice people there but no time to form friendships, The most difficult part of the job is being on your feet for 10 hours. ", " Learned a lot in the IT department, about imaging/ updating and maintaining software. Typica day at work consists of packing product at your station all day. Management can be cold and pushy to meet numbers. Co- workers are friendly for the most part but some are unprofessional, and full of drama. Break rooms get hectic do to too many employees. Yelling and throwing food etc... Hardest part of this job would be standing on my feet for 10 hours and dealing with the many different personalities. ", " Because Amazon is ALWAYS hiring, this is a great position for someone who is eager to work like I was. I've worked for Amazon twice(via Integrity and as an Amazonian) both times I was a picker, working 6:00pm-4:30am. This position was physically and mentally demanding, I eventually resigned from Amazon because I could no longer take the stress I was putting on my body. I have a 2-year old at home and there were days I didn't sleep/rest, was too tired to interact with him, choose sleeping over eating, and just didn't sleep at all. This job is not one to have if you have young children or a family, simply because there is no balance between the 2. All you do is work. There is really no advancement here unless you've been with the company for years. ", " i like to work hard, an love to fun at work !  I try to learn everything what manager or team leader tell me............. And i like to do my best at work ", " The culture of Amazon is awesome. Employees are allowed to be themselves and express themselves freely. Management is very approachable and tried their best to help in any situation. The most enjoyable part of the day was helping a customer with an issue and providing support for them. ", " Not much changes between day to day but management isn't very concerned with fixing any problems or barriers that you have. ", " amazon are not good to there staff and rip them off but i have no complaints with the recruitment agencies i have gone thru ", " Amazon is not a career base company. My hour there didn't meet with my family . Worked 10 hours shift . That was really cool because I was able to spend more time with my family . Just pack the shipment ", " I enjoyed meeting new people while working at Amazon. All the managers and supervisors made the work environment fun for all the workers while maintaining a productive work day. ", " Very flexible with hours, amazing management, and really serious about making sure their employees are comfortable and looked out for. ", " They burned us out and killed us during peak. After peak we still have no room. Stressful. They were slave drivers and didn't care that we were tired. I wouldn't sugesst to anyone to work at. ", " i loved work enviroment,  - they give open minded enviroment,  - give us space share knowledge,  - encourage us to bring up question and idea about share network.  - Teammate work - team gives support and answer our question. - very very friendly and encourage team that i worked with. ", " Working in a fast paced metric driven environment with proficient multitasking and navigation in a windows environment Independent, creative, and timely with the ability to not only solve the business customer\u2019s problem but think outside of the box and go the extra mile to prevent future issues. ", " everything sucks from work expectations, managment, pay, and benefits. also if you're expecting to progress, HA. well unless you're a favorite. And it just isnt one Amazon its multiple ", " I was raised right across the street from Baxter so you can imagine how often I went over there. It was fun and heart warming to help the children. The people over there are nice and careful ", " Bad place to work. Short breaks, you cant even eat properly your lunch. Hard job and lot of stupid rules. Most of temporary workers fired up before Christmas without any previously notice. They promise different bonuses (signing bonus before Christmas for temps, bonus when u r leaving company - just for permanent staff, but then in real you get nothing). I was permanent associate but didnt noticed any special benefits and perks, except of emergency flexible paid holiday (20 hrs every 3 months). ", " It is a perfect place to work but its far from america :) so this review doesnt really matter ..the company is outside of the US ", " I worked 10 hour shifts most of the time standing in one spot. Amazon is not a bad company to work for the pay is nice and so is the benefits the only down part was your working 10 hours but you only get a 30 minute lunch brake and there was nothing to keep you awake if you started falling asleep like music for examples. ", " everyone that i have worked with their has been easy to get along with and enjoyable to work with. A typical day can be demanding with time and product volume always a factor and the job is extremely physical. You will stand or walk 90% of the day, but everyone does their best to make it fun. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " They burned us out and killed us during peak. After peak we still have no room. Stressful. They were slave drivers and didn't care that we were tired. I wouldn't sugesst to anyone to work at. ", " Great place to work for me, I built alot of great relationships with my coworkers and managers. The hardest part of the job for me was keeping my numbers up. ", " My job assignment varies. Our warehouse is the last step before the packages are sent to the customer so we check the packages for damages or if they were sent to the wrong Amazon warehouse. After we clock in we have something called stand up. There we stretch, discuss safety tips, the volume for our shift, success stories, and any other information the manager(s) want to give the employees. The hardest part of the job is there aren't a lot of employees in our warehouse because our peak season is over. However we still receive a high amount of volume and there aren't enough people to get the volume scanned and out for shipping in a timely manner. Overall Amazon is all about having fun. ", " Amazon is a great place for anyone who is driven. There is a wealth of information and knowledge. This really is a company for self starters who is comfortable and looking to drive their own career path. ", " I loved working for amazon, the pay high and take care of their people. The best part is the opportunities that exist. The freedom to make as much as your efforts will allow was the best part working for them. ", " My typical shift would be making sure all products are in the right place and efficiency is key. I have learned that it is best to have a good eye for detail because if you slip for a minute it could cause other occurrences throughout the shift. As long as you have a good management in my eyes your team members would work well to get the job done well. The hardest part of the job is when we were delayed due to deliveries were late and it was waiting around then trying to catch up without making mistakes, but it made us as a team to get through it knowing we achieved our goal for that shift. ", " Typical day, inspect cherry picker, use cherry picker, pick, break, pick, break, pick, break. I learned cherry picker.  Management was there.  Co-workers were there also, had to stay working, 15 min breaks were actually 10 min.  The hardest part of the job was the solitude, no down time, always on the go, constantly picking to keep rate high, going above and beyond, working overtime hours, and not receiving anything extra, just more hours, management was there for meetings to encourage and also there to reprimand during work.  The best part of the Job I suppose was the games and extras they would have. ", " -a typical day at work can be described by hard work -what I learned is to work in an extremely big team -management is chaotic and the rules are not followed -my co-workers were some of them a team player and some of them so individualists -the hardest part was to work for 11 hours and 5 and a half days with heavy items and lift them up, continuously  -the most enjoyable part was it was when we had to work in groups ", " Amazon is a solid organization with lots of different avenue to explore for your career. If career advancement is what you are looking for as well as learning new skills and working with very intelligent competitive people - this is for you. Great for someone who is fresh out of college and has the time and energy to invest. ", " Just no comprehension of easy they make things twice as hard as it needed to be they expected more than what could be accomplished. ", " it's a very hard place to advance at and the pay is terrible. If I had to give this job a grade from 1 to 10 I would give it a 6 but with that being said i'm grateful for them hiring me after my last job did a layoff so ill always be grateful for that. ", " this place was great place to work. i had a company truck, cell phone and gas card. started on bottom and after 10 years was was higher rank. ", " A typical day at work? Tiresome. I learned how to multitask very well. Management is sketchy. Co-workers were very friendly and always willing to lend a helping hand. The hardest part of the job was learning how to multitask between different machines. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting my friendly co-workers, and gaining insight on what actually happens before a customer receives their product. ", " The job suited me really enojoyed working at the amazon fulfillment centre constantly active and the experience was good very busy and very active great training provided to work around the workplace. ", " A company has resource and talent to enable fast learning and promotion if you can succeed. Folks with good balance of technical knowledge and leadership can really excell. However, if you are in the growing phase of your career, the company is growing very quickly and can easliy forget career development for the indidvidual. This limits the opportunity for certain type of people. ", " boring long 10 hours  the best thing learned was training people  the management was a zero..power hungry people who fired people who following there instructions. harass associates, drinking on the job and coming in drunk or high on drugs... some co-worker did there job others didn't... the hardest part of the job is dealing with management.. Poor commutation and leadership there is nothing enjoyable about Amazon ", " A lot of walking working with my hands and scanning product great team leads laid-back co-workers walking all day I enjoy everything about this job ", " a regular day at work sorry their is none always something different and refreshing most fun part is running around doing things hardest part standing on concrete for 10 hours ", " This job is terrible in the fact that the company does not care about your well-being nor your safety.  You are not viewed as a person, but only as a rate.  Being stopped by one of your bosses and asked why did you not make rate yesterday is completely normal. They also ask you what were your boundaries, but beware you better give them an amazing answer.  I told the truth, that I had to wait on someone who was qualified to use a clamp machine to sit down the product that I needed.  That answer was not good enough.  I was then told to throw safety out the window and to \"do whatever it takes to make rate.  If you need to climb on top of all the product and kick down the one you need, then do it.\"  I would rather work for a company that actually cares, and sees me as a person and not a rate.  I also would rather work for a company that cares about my safety. ", " I've found from working here is that the culture is output oriented. If you are demonstrating success and getting your work done at a high level, they are actually extremely flexible about hours and I've found my quality of life here to be incredibly high. I work hard, certainly, but I also have a well balanced life and I love my job. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The managers don't manage and aren't very bright. Their training is below standard, you're better off asking the people that work at the stores for help. They're big on hearsay and gossip. And they will talk about you behind your back. They fired a lot of people that didn't deserve it and will make up excuses to fire you. There is no organization in management and their skills and experience is very questionable. They have no Union so if you're smart do not work for Amazon in Santa Monica. ", " With Amazon having many benefits and individuals working with them it was hard for me to accept I was laid off due to end of the peak season. I enjoyed this job more than any most jobs I have had! ", " A typical day at work was very busy and most of the time productive for most but also very tiring. I learned that if you are not on top of yourself and you slack off they will always catch you. Also how to better please the customers by fast delivery. Management was not always the best but they always try to be the best that they can be. The coworkers are very friendly as long as you are friendly with them. The hardest part of the job would have to be getting used to being on your feet for 10-12 hours a night, it certainly does take a toll on your body after awhile of being there. ", " Amazon is a great company to work for I became an Ambassador and I working toward in to continue to grow with the company. Amazon is a fast pace company which help you get CDL training after being employed for a 1 year. ", " i would not advice anybody to work at this wear house they do not care about the well being of their employees working at this job wasn't at all a great experiance ", " I was a stower so I would get a cart of items and scan them into bins I love working at amazon for their benefits but not so much with the managers. They hire fresh out of college students to become managers with or without experience in previous jobs. ", " Long and slow repetitive days. four ten hour shifts with lots of overtime, but days drag on. Did not feel very appreciated because it is such a huge company. ", " the best part about the job there is the people they can keep it fun but other then that its a pretty hard job. was a good place to work and is crazy in the holiday season. ", " Also had a  good experience there. Projects were explained on time and good team members. The manager was so helpful. Plenty time to complete the project. ", " This company tends to lead the associates on. There is no job security, however i love my Position with the company. I wish there was more leadership that will not leave you in the dark about where you stand. Good company to work for but not Great ", " family oriented environment with caring individuals who will go out of their way to assist.  I would work for this company again. ", " High paced work environment with mixed races and ages working together to ship out and receive products to buyers and sellers. the hardest part of the job was walking through the enormous warehouse, and the most enjoyable part of the job was the free coffee. ", " Pretty much just like every other warehouse job, Pretty cool people that work there but over all i was there for one reason and that was just to make money ", " The work days were really long, and I learned how to pick and pack. The managers were good, they always found ways to keep us up beat and going. Most of the co workers were nice and very helpful if you had questions about the jobs. The hardest part of the job was the long shifts, and kind of short breaks for the ten hour days. I really enjoyed the fast pace work. ", " during my time at Amazon i worked in the virtual call center. I helped with the Amazon tablets, the Kindles,as well as sales and returns ,trouble shooting issues,and Amazon Prime ", " Amazon.com was a great company to work for. In order to keep your job you basically have to be very fast in shipping out the orders. I worked there for the christmas season and was very demanding job. They keep track of the orders your shipping out and if your not meeting the quota, one of the managers will come and give you ideas on how you can do the order more quickly. ", " I was process instructor I have had a great time to train new hires in Amazon. My L&amp;D manager always feedback me, that was great support , I could correct my mistakes and time to time I was better and better. ", " You have the opportunity to work with a lot of different people. Unrealistic expectations at times. Medical benefits offered are very good. ", " Scan Packages  Transport pallets using Pallet Jack Management is very political  Doesnt matter if you are a hard worker or not ", " Picking productively management was great. Is a lot of walking but I enjoyed it. Hardest part was peak season 11 hour shift 6 days a week. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " amazon  is a one and a million type of job. you meet people from all over with different views on the company it has its up and downs but what doesn't. great job great people great atmosphere ! ", " Amazon was gonna be the job that made life better.  I would be working with an internet giant and the pay was better than other warehouse jobs.  It started off great with lots of training and moves to get people crosstrained for promotion.  Then it just stopped.  Training for new positions dried up, hirings for new positions were all from outside the company. Management are a joke as they expect certain goals to be met but don't understand the job themselves.  Completely unrealistic goals from someone who hasn't spent a minute doing the job themselves. In all of my time there, I have applied for 17 jobs and been interviewed once.  There is NO advancement at the Indy location.  Very frustrating ", " That's all I can say is it was very target driven and long hours. I got on with the temp workers, the team leaders and some of the other staff. I found that the agency staff were constantly on to me, I had three final warnings which didn't make sense a final warning is last warning so it shows that the management wasn't much good.  In a series of events, things, or people, the final one is the last one is what it states in the dictionary so yes I don't know what agency staff defines as a final warning.  The hours were long for what we are doing the first two weeks 40 hours was a struggle we were doing a minimum of 9 miles a day so if you times that by 4 for the days worked that's 36 miles some days I could have been doing between 12-15 miles.  The bus arrangements were shocking if the bus was turning up an hour earlier because of other workers starting earlier the bus driver might say on a Thursday and expect everyone to pass on the message for the people doing overtime as well. Eventhough the agency was responsible for the bus arrangements they won't take responsibility for the bus and it is still your fault in their eyes.  They have targets and a point system which you can gain points for being ill, bus not turning up etc. the targets are high and difficult to achieve constantly. For multis it's 70-90 an hour which I have done many times but doing it consistently when the lifts break, set down waiting times, lots of people in one Isle, the boxes may be overfilled, there may be a lot of moving around from P1 to P2, up to P4, down to C, up to high rack 600, then to A. ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> If there's a lot of moving around the target will be harder to achieve than if you did more picks on one floor so being consistent with the targets is hard. The yellow totes the target is 120-130 I tested myself one day in a whole shift I put targets before H+S it was just after my warning and I even run past the agency managers desk as if I was doing the 100m sprint I told one of the managers that's what I'm going to do. I managed 1,120 during my shift which isn't bad I'm allowing for dinner, brief talks, breaks etc. now it wasn't near 1,300 so as you can see even running around the warehouse it was hard to hit the target. Doing this consistently every day just can't be expected. ", " A typical day at work was logging in on the system and answering calls, checking e-mails to see latest updates on products or promotions. I learnt how to be cautious of time, always be alert of changes, thinking on your feet and being passionate about good customer service. Management was very down to earth, always willing to assist at all times. We worked as a team with my co-workers, always assisting each other. Hardest part of the job was having to deal with impatient and sometimes not so friendly customers. Most enjoyable part of the job was having team meetings and our managers getting us refreshments and ofcourse dressing up for Halloween. ", " Fun work place with supportive management. A typical day of work would be clocking in at 6:45 and picking as many items without making a mistake as fast as possible. I learned how to move with urgency as well skills for working in warehouses safety, etc. The hardest part of the job was working from 6:45pm to 5:15 am. ", " Human Resources/Operations Manager   Manage timekeeping system for full time and temporary associates   Identify, track and reconcile missing punches   Ensure proper coding for time for all associates   Attend weekly performance counseling meeting   Maintain proper level of counseling path for temporary and full time associates   Provide all reports for upper management   Assist with all daily employee needs   New Hire Onboarding/Orientations   New Hire/ Random Drug Testing   Excellent Human Resource Management Skills   Health, Vision and Dental benefits, 401K , Workers Compensation, FMLA, LOA / Personal Medical leave.   Excellent Computer Knowledge ", " A typical day at Amazon would be answering questions concerning customer`s accounts, orders, updating account information,   Solve customer`s problem the first time they call.   I learned all about Amazon`s internal system and how to successfully help a customer. I learned how to de-escalate any situation over the phone. I learned how to use Abuntu, Sharepoints, Microsoft programming.    The hardest part of my job was not receiving a \"No\" from the weekly survey that was sent out.   The most enjoyable part about this company is the culture. The management is so approachable and helpful. The staff is unlike any other staff you will ever run into. Amazon is not only filled with incredibly hard workers, but the staff also knows how to have fun. Amazon has an incredible sense of balance between the two. ", " A typical work day is long and you are constantly on your feet. Having to work in such a fast paced environment is hard, but when you do well and meet your productivity targets it can feel very rewarding.   There are plenty of hours to work, lots of overtime and it pays well for the type of job it is. Free coffee is a bonus but breaks are short. ", " For starters, it's a 10 to 11 hour workday depending on the situation. The managers they hire are 23 year old kids directly out of college, that those of us who have been there are forced to train. They do not promote from within unless they can't find anybody quick enough. Each workday is planned down to the last second to get orders out in time, leaving no room for mechanical or human error. None of the various departments talk to each other so each has their own way of doing things and that ALWAYS interferes with each departments daily routine. Co workers are usually in a terrible mood because everyone is watched very closely and intimidated with write ups so everyone is in a mad rush to keep up with rate plans, which causes various safety incidents throughout each building. Also after 3 years of service there are no more raises so each employee loses incentive to really care about anything more than what they are made to do each day. ", " ONLY 30% OF THE ORIGINAL DIRECT HIRES FROM THE OPENING ARE STILL WORKING THERE AND THIS NUMBER COULD BE LOWER. DOES THIS TELL YOU ANYTHING. BACKSTABBING IS AN ISSUE DO TO THE FACT THAT MANY OF THE INDIVIDUALS THERE HAVE LOW E/Q. IF YOU WANT TO HAVE ANY OF THE HOLIDAYS OFF OTHER THAN XMAS AND THANKSGIVING YOU HAVE TO USE PERSONAL AND/OR VACATION TIME. VACATION IS EARNED NOT GIVEN IN CHUNCKS. VALIUM IS REQUIRED DURING THE PEAK SEASON TO DEAL WITH THE PARKING LOT AND THE CHAOS  THAT COMES WITH THE HOLIDAYS. IT IS SO BAD THERE INDIVIDUALS DON'T EVEN WISH EACH OTHER A MERRY XMAS SUCH AS SHAKING HANDS INCLUDING THE MANAGEMENT. ", " Its hot, no air flow, lots of favoritism within the Haslet FC organization. When you make rate they want you to work even faster. Its a do as I say, not as I do work place. Write ups if rate is not met for those not on the favorite list. VTO granted to slow producers, never to those who make rates. Favoritism to pregnant woman. No room for advancement if you are not a puppet to management. ", " Good place to work decent money. lots of different jobs to do in one department.  advancement is slow and hard to do-- want only people in charge with 4 year degrees and some the people who would make good bosses do not have that degree ", " Amazon is a great company as a customer. However most promotion above management is external, and internal advancement is few and far between. It can be very frustrating on top of the hectic call center environment where most days calls are back to back. There are nice monetary incentives if you make goal that is spread out company, not site wide. They offer several areas to work in and jobs to shadow, though the pay is generally all the same and caps out at $14 per hour. It is a great place to work if there are not many $10 per hour jobs in your area, but if you are ambitious it can be very limiting. ", " This company I would not recommend for anyone to work for, in any compacity. They overwork you and under appreciate you and even though the pay is decent you sweat for every cent you earn. ", " Amazon is certainly not for those faint of heart. You will be challenged on a day by day basis to do more and do it better. Internal promotion opportunities are limited. ", " Amazon is a really nice company to work for in Cape Town if you have very little to no work experience and not a very strong formal qualificatio. The majority of the business in Cape Town is Customer Service, so it is not ideally suited for really individuals who come from a tertiary background. THe room for growth is nice but ainly within the customer service space. Other than the affore mentioned, Amazon is a really great place to work for, the culture is amazing, and you won't find a better place to work when you just start your working career. Everyone is really engaging, helpful and friendly, which all contributes to really relaxed and easy working environment. ", " This job was the basic fundamentals of online marketing and telesales, along with the use of Microsoft proficiency . very flexible and calm work field . ", " A typical day at work is very busy and fast paced. My responsibility on the job was to restock the shelves with items so that the customers are able to buy them online. I have learned to use time wisely and how to work with my co workers in a cordial way. The management was kind of off because they would make us do the unimportant work first and wait until the last minute to do the major assignments later. Also, they would hire the workers that lacked on the job over the employees that actually worked hard. There was never a time where the job was too hard. Around Christmas; it became stressful because of how claustrophobic it becomes when employees come in for overtime. The most enjoyable part of the day is when its not so stressful on the job and we will be able to work and talk to each other. I liked the fact that we treated each other like family. ", " *A typical day was 10 hours, 6pm-4:30am.  *I learned mainly what the company was all about as far as products and services offered to customers.  *management was pretty much just that managing, each and every situation,employee as needed. Informative to their employees and helpful.  *Co-workers were hard workers, different age groups and backgrounds. All about striving for perfection  *The hardest part of job was getting the rates needed to keep and maintain your job,  *The enjoyable part was the knowing of stability of employment and the ability to do job at pace needed, which made job easy and time move through out the shift. ", " There is a sense of family to the Amazon team, but if you're there for any length of time you realize that \"who you know\" is a huge factor at their call center in Kennewick, Washington. I was there for a few months longer than six years and watched qualified people get passed over for promotions several times while someone say, who went to a particular church, filled a particular  position.  The benefits are very fair at Amazon, and their 401K is great. The wage is also very competitive for this type of work. The building is modern and comfortable. Management plans several fun activities throughout the year to break up the monotony of call center work.  Amazon has monthly meetings and management does attempt to listen to the concerns of their associates. One thing they do which circumvents this is to remove the leadership and management teams from the production floor a great deal of the working day. I remember it being next to impossible to find leadership at times while having an angry customer on the phone.  Still - the job is fun, the environment comfortable, and if you can deal with the favoritism and management disappearing all the time, this is a great place to work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The employer gives an assignment daily.  Each day you have to check to see where your work area will be. This is a stand up job, therefore management required pre-stretching daily in a group along with a safety meeting reminder.  I believe this job added to my production skills. For me the hardest part of the job was the location.  The most enjoyable was the ability to obtain additional work hours. ", " very good people love to have fun and willing to help you in every way they can its like a home away from home so if you like working hard nd having fun at the same time this is the job for you ", " Amazon Fulfillment Services Ruskin (TPA1) was a great place to work for.  They will work you to the bone with many heavy lifting and manual work positions and a lot of mandatory overtime, and volume of packages often overflows the conveyor belts and docks and you can do nothing but cope with what you can and make your numbers, but you do get all the help and tools you need to do your job well and be satisfied with it. They absolutely get slammed during peak season and despite a standard, in-place system, machines and facilities do get overwhelmed, there is just no way around it, Christmas volume is Christmas volume at Amazon. If you thrive under these conditions and love to work hard, you will do well.  If you want to work Peak, apply as soon as openings occur, so you can have a slow, easy pace the first part of November and learn your job before the full holiday traffic hits. By then, you better have your act together because you will be moving your behind and finding you often cannot keep up.  Don't be discouraged by this, management recognizes this and keeps morale up and moves people around quickly in the site to alleviate congestion.  Despite feeling overwhelmed a lot with the traffic, I consistently got compliments and gift cards etc. from HR and mgmt for being on task and for attendance.  Experience around heavy, fast moving industrial machinery is a must. Management and the organization are VERY supporting and roving HR and leads are everywhere, making it easy to get help when you need it as a new worker in a facility of thousands of workers. It's a very positive ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> environment.  They discourage taking time off during peak season but if you communicate with your managers they will give it to you. There is a points system for scheduled and unscheduled time off and too much is automatic termination; points roll off after 90 days.  I worked some outbound dock, wrapping and stacking pallets, but mostly flat sorts (sorting small packages and checking addresses and integrity of the package). That was one of the lightest jobs, but there was still a lot of standing and hand/arm movement. Stow is physically the hardest job and the only place where you would be lifting heavy things - 20-50 lb. open containers.  Orientation is about five hours, one day, fast and furious.  Most learning is on the job and you must be able to ask questions and learn tasks very fast.  One great thing, they are VERY safety conscious. Breaks and lunches occur at same time for everyone in the huge facility so you need to move fast, pack microwaveable things for lunch, and learn to make the most of these times, which include walking to/from breakrooms, which are plentiful but do get filled up to the max fast especially Christmas week.  One caveat, the Ruskin facility is out in the country for the most part, and nearest eating places/stores are 1/2 mile away; plan to pack a lunch daily. Having a vehicle (at least a bike) is essential. If you do not have a car and are not local, plan to get a bike and to learn the bus system for your commute.  There is one bus, the 31, which gets out there and it doesn't run weekends.  Also, parking during Peak, though well controlled with parking attendant workers and the FHP at the entrance, is a mess; arrive 1-1.5 hours ahead of your shift start to find a good spot.    All in all, a great experience, nice paychecks, and a staff that made things run smoothly and made things fun. ", " So far this has been a great company to work for, knowing that I can answer any questions a customer may have and each phone call ending with the customer satisfied makes me feel happy. ", " Great place as a temporary job and excellent place for younger people of age starting out getting there feet wet in the job world. Good Benefits but management and the amount of hours are ridiculous for the amount of pay they offer. ", " Challenging work environment that is great at developing employees. Very long hours, difficult to balance work and personal life. It is very rewarding to see your hard work produce great results. ", " I worked 12 hours a day 5 days a week with 2 half hour breaks and a 1 hour lunch break the management was very good and professional. ", " You go in, you do your job, and you try to avoid all the negativity that a lot of co-workers tend to have about the job. Managers are OK, but some seem to not know what's going on or how to convey company news to associates. The benefits are really good, so that's a decent plus.  Overall, it's not a bad place to work. Just try to keep a positive mind when going into it. ", " when I pick, I go through the A or B Mods to pick out the customers items and place it on the conveyor belt to be pack.  When I pack, I pack with care and maintain a high rate and production ", " Long hours met by great wages and benefits. The management is well oiled for being such a new building. As long as your motivated and a hard worked you won't have any issues here. ", " Amazon always allows employees to benefit from working there. Whether it be raffle opportunities, the ability to move up in the company and great medical benefits. ", " I enjoyed working at Amazon. Their Benefit Package is excellent! I would encourage anyone who works hard to apply! The management Teams are great! ", " Love working at amazon it made me even more enthusiastic about working in warehouses making sure the customers get what the ordered on time and in good shape customers are the reason I enjoy working seeing them smile and happy makes me feel good everyday ", " Managed &amp; trained a crew of 95 shipping agents with duties to include daily schedules, nightly goals and procedures. Assessments to ensure orders were prepared for shipment per established estimated contractual intervals for production. Operated electric forklift and pallet jack as needed. ", " Every thing is great about this company.... everything leads to a simple system of work and culture.. ", " In the beginning I enjoyed working for Amazon. Until, I quickly realized I would have to dedicate a substantial amount of my time and freedoms to the company and their needs with little say so in matters. The most enjoyable part about working for Amazon was meeting and working with other hard working individuals. Having the ability to uplift co-workers by positively reinforcing them. ", " Good company overall but it has its quirks, especially when it comes to following and enforcing its own policies. Promotions moving from hourly to salaried positions require 7 subjective interviews versus 3-4 for externals. ", " Working in a warehouse is a challenging place however with the drive and commitment goals can be exceeded. Amazon was great place to work however the work that i had undertaken i felt that i was under the gun as each day the i had to work harder in order to raise my working percentage which did become frustrating at times. ", " Work is extremely easy, too easy, it gets boring after the first few weeks. Favoritism is part of your daily routine. Monkeys could literally do what I do. Literally. My manager is very cold, uninterested in your issues, and cares only about the bottom line and will use negative reinforcement to get what he wants. I have made some really good friends working there as well as people I can't stand because they're part of the managers favorites line-up and can literally walk around and talk all day and get paid the same/more. 4 day weeks, long days, overtime is only available during peak seasons but VTO (voluntary time off) is a regular thing to some. Money isn't as good as they act like it is, and isn't worth it imo, but it might be to others. IF I had had a different manager or department, I may have liked it besides the fact that it's run by dude-bros. WHEN I leave, I'll still be good friends with the people I meet but I'd never go back. Oh and one more thing, the building is HUGE and they give you 15 minute breaks. Your car/breakroom/smoking areas are roughly 5 min away, so you only get a 5 minute break with a round trip being almost 10 min. ", " Not good at clear direction nor at letting one know about permanent opportunities.  Once  you understand the process it is alright. There is a disconnect between who work for and the HR department. Your work ethic is not as important as you are lead to believe, as long as you meet their numbers. Which I did however once they reached an designated date all seasonal associates were let go, with nothing other than \"if we need you we will email you\" "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I clock in and walk to the stand up area. I wait for managers to get there and leave stand up with work information while they leave stretches. After stand up we go straight to work and pick orders that the RF gun is giving up. ", " Amazon has a great amount of potential. There is a fantastic benefits package (insurance, 401k, stocks) but the corporate culture is very cutthroat. You must go into this place with you eyes open. Other than that I've loved my time there. ", " As a Manager you will work long days (4 on, 3 off) working around 14 hours a day.  You will be in charge a department managing anywhere between 15 associates to 150 associates.  The pay and benefits are really great, but work life balance is hardly existant. ", " The culture is if you are not happy with your job there are 20 more in line for it and it shows. 13 hour days, contradictions in priorities set by management, some sites have great culture others have very poor culture.  Cut throat environment. ", " I have spent the last six months working a seasonal assignment with Amazon and it has truly been a wonderful experience. I have learned so much about the companies culture and gained many new experiences and friends along the way. This is a great company to work for and it has absolutely made me customer obsessed to no end and I can see why now. ", " Amazon Wouldn't be a bad place to work for if it weren't for the management. I was there for 6 months and went through 4 managers. Well when i left there i was on my 4th manager.   And management just slowly went down hill from manager to manager. Honestly if it weren't for the co workers i had, and the awesome benefits i wouldn't have stayed there 6 months. ", " Make no mistake Amazon is hard work for very little reward, the management are nice and will support you as long as your doing your job, everyone mostly keeps themselves to themselves, you will feel like cattle when walking down to the FC as there is so many people going down the same one way system, the targets are very hard unless the really get into the rhythm of things. ", " Worst job ever. I highly do not recommend this job to anyone. Complete and utter disregard for their staff and to add insult to injury, the high hours and low wages are totally ridiculous. ", " Management is not up to Par and avg lifespan is 2 yrs before burnout. The golden handcuffs called stock is  a suckers bet at Amazon because it is part of your salary when review and raises come but you can only sell it 2 times a year when everyone else is , driving down the price.  Total circuit job ", " i enjoyed working for this company things just happened and i had to relocate. Very busy and productive but i enjoyed it for the most part, they don't give you alot of time to learn how things work. ", " Enjoy jobbed when i started nice people good enviroment, then temps were brought in and now the worst managed company i've ever worked for. Advice to others i would not even apply. They are on your back constantly and dont get sick you'll lose your job. ", " From the outside looking in, you might think Amazon is a good company to work for, but that's not exactly the case. There is a lot of workplace drama between the coworkers. The way you can get ahead is by sucking up to the managers and the people in HR. Also, they require so much hard work from you throughout the day, but you don't get paid enough for the work we put in. ", " cool place to work if a guaranteed forty hr work week is what you need. Manageable pay. Raise every 6 months. Paid time off available. Always on rate (productivity monitored) Best part of the job is you'll meet really cool and diverse people. ", " Great experience. Learned to troubleshoot on the fly. Management was ok. Co-workers were friendly.  Lots of walking was needed. The best part was working at your own pace. ", " Amazon is a great place to work.The buildings are very secure. Most people are friendly. The management team is very geared towards developing the team. Amazon is extremely concerned with employee safety and constantly ensure that duties are being performed as safely as possible. ", " At amazon you work hard and have fun. Some days are harder than other but when you maintain an positive outlook it's never stressful. The managers are reasonable, and at the end of the day it's all about communication. ", " The management is unprofessional and inexperienced. Days at work seemed long and sluggish. I enjoyed learning new skills. It was a good first time job. ", " Amazon was a great place to work overall, with a fast-paced and productive environment. The steps they take to be the Earth's most customer centric company, and their consideration of the experience created by product being shipped out to the customer is unparalleled in my personal experience. One of the few companies that I worked for that truly did seek to provide a healthy work/life balance, they provided substantial paid time off, unpaid time off, and great opportunities for both overtime and schedule adjustments for those seeking to further their education. After transitioning from a warehouse associate to IT support, the experience I gained was in my opinion invaluable and supported my education splendidly. The shift and location rotation for IT support personnel was the only thing I didn't care for but it was understood up front before I transitioned that the rotation was part of the territory. While it did at times make it more difficult to achieve a good work/life balance, it was intended to build a more well-rounded skill set allowing the support technicians to access people with differing skill sets and expose them to different technologies. ", " All they care about is how fast you work. Since your working with a scanner all day, they know how your performing &amp; where you are every second. You fast walk about 20 miles a day for 10 hours, 4 days a week. You get 2 15 min. breaks on the clock, &amp; 1/2 hour for lunch off the clock.  If your even one min. late getting back from break or lunch, you get written up. If your not working 100% or more of what they expect, you get written up. Leaving is like going through airport security. ", " Overall, the Amazon Fulfillment Center that I work at has been a really enjoyable work experience so far. I have only been there a few weeks, but the knowledge I have gained and the way things run is unlike anything I've seen before.  The only thing about the job that has been difficult is trying to find space to place items in the bins. Without space, our production rates suffer, and we can't do anything about that. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Place item(s) in tote and place tote on conveyor when filled. Grab another tote and place your merchandise in tote, again when filled you place tote on conveyor belt. ", " A typical day at work consisted of picking packages all day, walking miles and miles. I learned how to use a scanner and how to work at a fast pace. Management was rarely seen and I worked at my own pace, as well as co-workers. The hardest part of the job was keeping my sanity after walking endlessly, and the most enjoyable part was exploring what Amazon.com had for products. ", " Just OK for a summer job any longer and you see how terrible this place really is. honestly not a good place to work management doesn't care . supervisors urge you to work through your breaks. they don't give and compliments to the people who work at a consistent pace, only to the one that will do good one day of the week and chill for the rest ", " did not like it there as the management was horrible most of the othere staff was horrible &amp; didnt have respect for other workers inside the werehouse ", " I worked 8 hours per day in amazon in packing, picking and return area that was very exciting work. The atmosphere was very nice. ", " I have gained a lot of knowledge within the 5 years of working at amazon, the people are great to work with, the pay and benefits are great, but at this time there is no advancement positions open at my building and I would like to put my knowledge to use somewhere else if possible. ", " A typical type of day at work would be producing 20,000 books for ordering customers. Management strives to hit goals of 40 books per person per hour which is the hardest part when there is no work coming from the printers that need to be serviced. Most enjoyable part is the process of the bookmaking itself. ", " What i have learned is from my previous work places is it is all about the customer service and being able to learn from management what I can do to do better for the company. The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to meet new people. ", " 12 hour days daily minimum Unhealthy amount of competitiveness No job security Lots of innovative technology  Cutting edge supply chain Everything in the news is true ", " It was always a good shift. I respected the work place very much. I had a very normal day shift, and very typical work. it was a lonely job to work cause I started talking to the books. that was the hardest part. ", " I was involved a lot with the operations team and associates, no development plan for anyone really. worked in multiple buildings in the so cal region, same everywhere. work/life balance is not there at all. this is why other employers stress \"we dont kill our associates\" when they hear you work for amazon. i have seen managers quit weeks into their employment, and people just walk out on the job without notice.  if you are a student, the accommodation might be there for classes, but depends if they like you and talk to them nice :) pay is bad. competitive, not so much. ", " This is a warehouse job, so just keep in mind that this is a very active job. The pay was pretty decent, and was not bad. Personally for me, it was just too repetitive. ", " this is a place where you get to choose who you want to work with most of he time. with so many different stations and so much work time flies by. ", " my work day starts at 7:30 am, go to my station, and work until 9:30 am, we go to break for only ten minutes (its supposed to be 15 mins break but it takes five minutes to go to the break room and come back to the station) work until 12 go to lunch for half an hour and come back to work, second break is at 3 pm until 3:15 pm and get out at 6 pm ", " Long 10 hour days with little break times due to the size of the building it was difficult making it to the break rooms. I learned how to manage a team of my own and delegate task to complete daily or weekly assignments. ", " help made sure orders were out. Change in and out gaylords when full. help get out hot oders on time. did some training with new starts to insure they were trained ", " I loved working for Amazon! It was a fast paced work place which I have to stay busy and it kept me busy. Amazon gave me the opportunity to work as a back up for the manager and a problem solver, 2 things which I absolutely loved doing. Amazon helped me come out of my shell on talking in front of others. Now I can talk in front of a group of people and it not bother me at all. Hardest part of the job to me was it was rough on my knees, walking on concrete for 10hrs a day. I had some wonderful co-workers that I was able to train and work with. ", " By the company hiring so may people it's a fun and easy way to learning about different cultures. Also I've learned how to manage my time do to the long work hours and days. ", " always fun and something new. exciting. constantly learning new things. set schedules. plenty of time off. fun place to work. ", " Is good job ,but i need something dynamic.Im not happy to this job because i m not payd for performance.Consider.management to medium level,can t change the shift,can t be flexibles with employers "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I hate constantly being told that your not good enough. Amazon will tell you that If your scanner tells you to go from one end of the warehouse to the other side and then back and forth all day long, that your numbers fall low that your not doing good enough and it's somehow your fault and that you should do your job. It's never good enough. Some of the management is great and very plesent and awesome to work with, but integrity isn't that great as they constantly are on your back and telling you that your numbers suck and you need to work harder. After explaining that you had to be sent all over the warehouse they say; \"well I don't know what to tell you, work harder\". ", " This was a first shift job as well and I really enjoyed. I had no problems getting along with anyone because I worked on the same computer everyday. ", " I would still work here if they would not change the metric requirements. I enjoyed my time with Amazon and made a lot of great job experiences ", " only stayed one week, orientation was okay,training is about a day and half then your basically on your own,the workers there are very friendly,never met my manager,the place is over one million square feet,hurry and find out were your working and make sure to always be working they will check on your production and rates by day three,the breaks aren't worth even barely taking unless you want to walk a mile to get to the break room then break is over same goes for lunch,expect to walk five to ten miles a day,very physical no one really talks during work hours for fear of making there quotas,its very high tech looking lots of hr,learning centers and management sitting down through glass windows as you pass while walking,the whole set up is ridiculous,reminded me of a sweat shop except by looking at it looks like a really cool building were you think is nice environment to work but is deceiving you don't really get to  experience the nice break room,tvs,ping pong no time have to make your quota and break your back,i really wish there was a union to help the workers out they deserve more ", " Good Days, Bad Days but a fun job, Just keep to yourself and work. Lost weight working here, Some good coworkers to surround yourself with. Management is alright. Busy Days are the hardest because you have to put speed in your performance. Wear comfortable shoes or  work boots or your feet will be hurting ", " This is a very hard working job for the person who is use to putting in ton of hours in a short work week. The management is beyond nice and understanding when there is any issue. The co-workers are great and very knowledgeable about their jobs. ", " Amazon Fulfillment Center is a job not a career. The work load is fairly constant, the pay is not fair to the workload, the management for the most part are only concerned with rate of getting the product out on time. They have little concern for their workers needs. I want to explain how i feel their payment is unfair. Upon entry to Amazon they guaranteed me and everyone that we would get hurt no matter how save or careful we where. Certain workers has to walk between 15-20 miles a day. ", " overall flexible working hours. stressful lifestyle, very politically dominated industry which diminishes from the actual work space. Has its own 'Amazon culture'. ", " High pressure work enviorment, but can be some what borring at times poor hours and managemnet, which leads to poor work life balance. ", " A typical day at work requires managers to run their departments and address productivity issues throughout a 10 hour shift.  You need to stay on your game all shift and also think about the future and improvements that you can make across all shifts. ", " Its a job where you dont get credit for your work. The benefits are awesome the management is very poor. It would be better if it was under different management. ", " i was an data entry typist in Amazon Mturk. and it was not a hired position. anyone can do that job, who is having a computer and an internet connection. i done that when i was studying in 10th standard. because of that experience still i am their good customer in online based products. ", " simple work very easy to pick up, understanding management and co-workers, although undesirable work schedules and routines, payroll yet insufficient. ", " Planning is not a strength of the company thus priorities changed multiple times every day.  Sr Mngt worked hard but I am not sure what they were doing since they never seemed to know what was going on on the floor.  Hardest part of the job was putting up with poor mngt, very poor communication and the 'culture' which is kinda like a clique, you have to be like 'them' to be accepted and promoted.  Best part of the job was the associates who are what make the company successful, they work hard 10hrs a day for low wages in a very uncomfortable environment. ", " It is a very nice place to work, a place where you can meet a lot of people and make friends, perfect job if you want to learn many areas and what parcel delivery means. The hardest part of the job are the routes, getting payed per route, a route can have even 230 parcels. From this point, if you are not mentally strong, you start making mistakes, per example : delivering a parcel at the wrong costumer, not paying attention on your number of the parcels for a costumer, not paying attention to close your van, not paying attention on traffic,  many more. All this together equals stress. ", " It is a friendly place where you can be yourself and you will meet some really intresting people. But something i really noticed is that the people with more power and authority made it that all there buddies were with them and that they have the jobs they want and its a easy day for them which isnt really fair but hey what can i do. Other than that it was an amazing place and a great experince. ", " Was a good place to work, a lot of walking involved, and squatting, it becomes hard on your knees eventually. Very good pay and benefits though. The average employment time for my department was only 6 months. ", " Okay but  not suitable for everyone. Good summer part time job for college students or anyone that wants to make a little extra income. ", " Working at Amazon was really hard and you be on your feet for 12 hours. They write you up for the weirdest reasons ever. Your body be sore and tired, the bathrooms are NEVER Clean, and the breaks are ridiculously short. The money is awesome, though. But If you can handle fast pace shifts and short breaks with people rushing you, go for it. The managers were okay ( from what I experience ) but most of them are jerks. P.s. be careful what you bring in there because people's stuff be ended up missing. ", " It was good to work for this company, gave me an idea of how to work with an employer who believed in diversification.  A typical day for me was solving customer's issues with lost, stolen, or late packages being delivered.  I learned that you must be able to deal with all ethnicity's.     The hardest part was being able to stay cool when you are being yelled at for a package not arriving when it is suppose to.  The enjoyable part was speaking with different people and getting to know why they are loyal Amazon customers. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Had 20 managers in 4 years. Frustrating to deal with that. Hard to advance your career when you as soon as you build a relationship with a manager, theyre swapped out for another ", " over all a good company to work for but they need to work on their communication skills with their employees. Great hours if you enjoy working 12 hr shifts. good free coffee at all times. Miss my supervisor he was awesome. ", " Fast pace work place....good place to learn e-commerce and retail...overall poor training, training is completed on the job no formal training structure... ", " The high-pace environment is great for the length of shifts. The management is decent, but they do not put in the desired effort to assist you with problems and issues. The co-workers are decent, yet a lot of them do not put effort into their work which leaves you to do extra. The hardest part of the job is the physically aspects along with the long shifts. The most enjoyable part of the job is the fact that you always have consistent work, and you can move up the chain of job positions if you put in the effort. ", " You have to be on the A list to advance with this company.  They will lie to you instead of telling you the truth. They have pick people that they want to succeed in their compnay. ", " The first day on the job, you learn so much, depending on what you're doing. I was a packer. You'll learn everything you need to know in about 2-3 hours and then after you learn they throw you right into it, packing real customers packages. A typical day was clocking in and getting straight to work. Making sure that your work space was stocked, and if it wasn't you would have to go to the back of the warehouse to grab your boxed and any other supplies needed. Then you get right to it. The hardest part of the job was actually standing there for 11 hours straight, well with 2-15 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunch. Also making rate. Another thing is that every embassitor or manager will give you a different answer for the same question.  The best thing about the job is that you meet a lot of people there. That's what keeps everyone going. For the most part it is very busy but we are allowed to walk around when we need to. A lot of times there isn't anyone watching over you like a hawk. So when you need a break, water, or to go to the bathroom, you can. ", " ok place to work at. Very poor management. Good benefits. a lot of walking for my position sometimes a lot of unnecessary walking ", " While this company emphasizes the customer experience, it really does not value the employee experience. If you are among the 75% that are doing the daily heavy \"lifting\" (stow, receive, pack, sort, etc) then you are required to work long hours, subjected to mandatory overtime year round, work above hours on concrete floors, have to factor walking time into your 2 15 minute breaks (breakroom is at least 3 minutes away from work areas so your break is really about 9 minutes). Unless you have IT skills, managerial skills really need the paycheck or just want benefits this is a dead end. If you have to come in through the temporary staffing agency (Integrity) then you are also subjected to their ridiculous \"trainers\" that do not know a thing. This is a good first step job, learn what you can and move on. ", " I really have not long message to relay, it was good. Like most Americans we need health insurance it offered good benefits. ", " typical day at work involves .. morning stand-up, which ever position that individual is assigned to work between .. first break .. lunch .. third break .. then off for the day . management is excellent .. they are always there to help . the team leaders come by and make sure your doing ok on a regular basis . if you are getting rate they come and try to help you in ways to get rate . co-workers are excellent .. everyone is kind and willing to meet new people . my hardest experience was stowing because it involved alot of walking and i had a rolled ankle at the time..other than stowing i enjoyed every part of amazon. ", " Amazon is a great company to work for with the benefits but when it comes to actually working it isn't worth it in my opinion. I clock in at 6:55pm and I am usually not assigned to a station like some of the other people. When I get my station that is when the boxes unload from the trucks. The majority of people do not like working with the big boxes so they pass them along and I get stuck with the big boxes. Because I am stuck with the big boxes my working score is low and I try very hard to catch up. Spoke to my supervisors about it, but did nothing. Also I always see employees dirty dancing or chatting doing nothing while there is a lot to be done. Spoke to my supervisor but sometimes they join in. When my area is full I push the button to have someone come and remove the cart and replace a new cart so I can finish working. But every time they come and they know I can not hear they try to call someone else because they won't write or try to communicate with me. I do have 2 breaks and a lunch break. At that time it is 5:30am and it is time for me to clock out and go home. ", " I am a hardworking person,  Management was always pushing you harder every day for productivity.  The shifts were long and you were on your feet the whole time.  I ended up quitting there. ", " fun but too many hours on your feet, easy job, helpful supervisors friendly and respectful co-workers. Good salary and awards as well ", " Management was very supportive about helping their directs \"Raise the bar\". They did this by presenting workshops that helped us learn how to work as a team by improving our communication skills. ", " Working at Amazon does take a toll on your body you work long hours and are on your feet all day. You get three breaks in a day two 15 minute breaks and a half hour lunch. The fifteen minute breaks feel like 5 minutes because by the time you leave your station and get to your locker it feels like you have to turn around and go back. Managers are really nice they do really try to get you excited about working every-morning and they are always available if you have any questions. They do have a pool table, basketball hoops, and a play station for employees to enjoy when on lunch. One thing you have to be careful about is your time off you only get a certain amount of hours of time off and if you run out of those hours you will automatically get terminated but Overall it is a great place to work once you get used to being on your feet all day. ", " Fun place to work for and the management was very supportive and engaging with the employees. Overall Amazon is a very great company to work for and also move up in develop a career. Plus you are a shared stock holder when hired on. ", " Everyday we would have a meeting about our goal for the day and what our quota would be. Then we would always do stretches before working. Then everyone would find out what area in the building we would be working. It was a very fast paced and stressful at times. But almost everyone there would try to make it fun, but the hardest thing was standing on concrete made your feet hurt everyday! The management was pretty good, sometimes frustrating because they were always changing the process of how to run the dock. But I learned alot about how a warehouse runs, receiveing, dock, stowing, pallets, problem solving and more ", " I am manage and am responsible for the outbound/inbound department where I manage labor work force of 40+ associates.  I manage work flow and assign associates to different process paths and functions to ensure the departments are exceeding daily production, quality, and safety measures, as well as making sure all customer orders are shipped on time.  Responsible for overall team development as well as individual development, provide coaching and training if needed.  Lead a focused kaizen group, drastically improving an outbound working process to cut costs and improve overall productivity, leading to annual savings of $50,000.  Fast pace work environment with daily ambiguous decision making, processes are constantly changing and being able to communicate and implement those changes are the hardest points of this position ", " Typical day would be long in on time wait for your team leaders to brief you on whats happening then head to your station to work which would be for me re-bin or packing on multi-medium, well i was there i learned a lot, the great thing about a warehouse there is so many different jobs to do so your always learning, the management was fair there, obvious you had numbers to hit so as long as you worked hard they encouraged you to have a bit of fun as well, my co-workers were great to work with theydidn't mind showing you the easiest and quickest way to do something, the hardest part of the job was when you first start this is because your on your feet all day and you do find it quite tiring but after a few weeks you adjust to it, the most enjoyable part of the job for me was getting good at my station and cause its such a large place your always meeting new people you can have a laugh with. ", " There are many benefits to the job and you get a lot of benefits as well. But, in turn the hours are long and personally for me its a long commute from claymont Delaware. It's fast pace which makes the day go by quick and the co workers are really friendly, But, time management is a big thing here. Especially in my job when it comes to stowed items and sometimes it can get tricky, But, you can pull it off just as your making sure your time off task isn't over your time on the task. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Managers are terrible and lazy. Spend over half their shift sitting in a break room.  Work isn't too incredibly hard, but can take a toll on your body. ", " This company I would not recommend for anyone to work for, in any compacity. They overwork you and under appreciate you and even though the pay is decent you sweat for every cent you earn. ", " typical day at work is just counting the inventory and what I've learned is that in order for to advance in the company you have to be buddy buddy with the mangers, and the managers don't know how to treat people as well as talk to them, my co-workers some do there job and there are some that are just lazy and don't do there job.  The only  hard part about this job is advancing.   there is nothing enjoyable about working for Amazon.. ", " I loved working with logistics. While working with amazon, I've learned leadership skills, the operations of running a giant facility and how operations worked. Management was inconsistent and ver unorganized. Due to harsh circumstances of inexperienced fresh graduates running the facility, nit picking onto experienced workers and siding with others condemning and pointing out faults of others and ignoring what was wrong. But the people that worked there was the best part. Everyone was friendly and worth coming into to work. ", " Every day you try to learn something new in the company, and once you become good enough at the said position you usually end up training others in that same position. The managers could be better but usually hold you to a reasonable quota and help when they can. ", " Although this is a wonderful place to work meeting great people. I felt as though I could not advance anymore due to management being preoccupied with other thing and favoritism.  benefits are good and its not stressful trying to request off. ", " A typical day at Amazon for me was scanning items and putting them into a pod. I enjoyed working with the employees on my shift. Everyone comes in to work!. Respectful managers and supervisors . All around great place to work at. ", " Working at Amazon is a crazy day that is never the same. I have learned the job of receiving clerk and have gained forklift experience. ", " I loved working for amazon for the first few months that i worked there, but as soon as my school semester started i began having problems with accommodation of my hours.  I felt as though they could have been a tad more understanding of my situation as it is really hard to work full-time and also go to university at the same time. i talked to multiple HR reps and managers to try to negotiate a flexible schedule for me, but we werent able to come to a feasible agreement for me. All in all it was a good job, i do wish that management was a bit better and that hard work put in by team members got noticed more often. ", "  \tProvide problem resolution for the inbound/outbound department; find, correct, and report any issues with incoming merchandise to create a more seamless process.   \tWorking with tight deadlines and consistently getting orders out on time ", " they train you within a day or two and expect you to be perfect but not everything is clarified until you start making mistakes you realize you weren't doing it right and they want to write you up for anything can barely have time to go to the restroom or else they will mark you off task you need to know people to help you at first or else its a bit difficult seems like a lot of competition ", " great followed protocol  time management good coordination great place to learn new ventures good start and continuity through the day  amazing people  great motivation ", " A typical night would be going to stand up, finding what position your going to be in, getting to the job, sometimes they send you messages through your scanner about changing into soemthing else. I learned to not get too distracted to focus on my job so I can continue to get prizes, and recognition for my hard work. ", " I was overall happy with the day as it rolls along but the lack of breaks and amount of security clearance checkpoints diminished my time. ", " A typical day at Amazon for me was scanning items and putting them into a pod. I enjoyed working with the employess on my shift. ", " I learned how to make boxes very fast , place the items in the boxes tape them up and send them out quickly.The hardest part of the job is the management being on your but about how fast you pack. We have to pack 90 units per hour or we get in trouble.Co workers are nice but some of them dont do their jobs they just sit and gossip the whole time or flirt with the boss.Most enjoyable part of the job is sitting their packing items that i have never heard of in my life. ", " I live in Cookeville Tennessee and Amazon Fulfillment Center is in Lebanon Tennessee which is a long travel for employment. Other than the daily commute it is not a bad place to work.  The employees are focused and friendly, not mention a very diverse environment.  If it were closer I would probably not be applying with your company at this time. ", " Everyone worked together, got along great, very good homey type feel with the company.  Learned that amazon is a very huge company, with foreign clientele all over the world. Hardest part of the job was getting to the goal by the end of the work shift. Working with people who enjoy to get there work done but also helped co workers when needed. ", " the management was great. they made sure I was well trained before that just put me anywhere. overall its my best job I have had I can actually see myself working there again and moving up in the company. ", " productive fun people to work with arcade games in braek room. Supervisors were very helpful when you needed them.Our day started out with strecthes so we didn't hurt ourselves,motavated speaches on how we did the day/night before. and were expetecd. we found our stations and becane . "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " great followed protocol  time management good coordination great place to learn new ventures good start and continuity through the day  amazing people  great motivation ", " I do enjoy the work at amazon, the management is very helpful and encouraging, but the work hours are too long, and there is a long amount of standing.   The typical work day consists of a 10 hour shift which is mostly standing in one spot the whole shift, the only time I wouldn't be standing is if I'm on one of my two 15 minute breaks or my 30 mintue lunch, which are often cut short due to the distance I have to walk to any of the break rooms or locker rooms.     I would defiantly enjoy the job a lot more if the shifts were shorter or there was less standing.    I feel like amazon asks a lot of its employees to stand as long as we do. ", " I found that the work here is easy but very repetitive, which is fine, if you don't mind that for 10 hours a day. The pay can be worth it if your pay doesn't get screwed up. However, during \"peak season\" (November - February) they hire thousands of people each month at each warehouse and in order to compensate for that they rewrite they're system to cause the numbers that inventory counters get to not match up with the numbers they are expected to get. This results in a quality write-up. After 3 of these quality write-ups. Your assignment is terminated (fired). ", " Amazon is a great work place, the employee's are easy to get along with and the work is easy to learn. They are very understanding with any situation that may occur, they are easy to talk to, the shifts are flexible and they make sure you are being appreciated for all your hard work. ", " Amazon is a really awesome place to work at. The benefits are great and the team are awesome. If your a work at home mom this would be the place for you with the Amazon family. ", " I love working at Amazon. It a place that I really say I enjoy coming to. It's very different from other warehouse jobs I've worked for. I come in happy and leave like you really  accomplish something. ", " Good pay and benefits but takes too much time away from normal life/routine and honestly not worth it. There is also a lot of favoritism within the manager and the associates. ", " It is fun but tiring work somedays.  very physical in some areas.  Met alot of great people and my managers are the best.  The pay is good and the benefits are so much better then any other place I have ever worked ", " its a parttime job that I enjoy working they are very flexible and I enjoy working with my co-workers. This is a excellent company to work for. Your day of work is very full filling. I would recommend this employment to anyone looking for a part time job. ", " In general a pretty great place to work , decent compensation with advancement opportunities.  I came in as an entry level associate and am now in a teir 3 postion auditing the different departments in the building. The main draw back it the peak scheduling and the fact that I am also on night shift.     The associate culture in the building is a bit of a draw back as well. What used to be a culture of people wanting to do the best they could for their team and do what they could to come out rock stars , has turned into one of what have you done for me lately and bare minimum work with gripey attitudes. ", " Amazon is customer centric and not employee centric. They are dedicated to their customers, but not to their employees. When there is work, there is lots of work. When work slows down, the layoff is massive! ", " High pressure work enviorment, but can be some what borring at times poor hours and managemnet, which leads to poor work life balance. ", " I love working at amazon however it is a fast paced environment and our goals can change often. There is always something different to do, multiple dept changes also if you like that youll be happy ", " The workers are very diverse.The pay is great and they gave everyone a free pumpkin pie on Thanksgiving, which was appreciated. My only cmplaint is the long hours and short breaks. Not a job for lazy people. ", " it is a good company with good leaders and great vision in this IT industry, the work environment is not as good as other tech compan ", " Learned how to locate an idem then pick and pack the items ready for the customers to receive on time. time keeping and meeting targets that were set. ", " it was a12 hour shift  i learned alot of things the management suck i loved working with my co workers dealing with the manager was the hardest part ", " If you not mentally prepare to work at Amazon,it's a big challenge.It will put your mindset on a roller coaster ride.It will mess with you health wise . ", " Amazon would be the best place to work IF they would give longer breaks in between the 10 hour shifts. The work isn't hard. the best thing about the job is during those 10 hour shifts the co-workers definitely kept you alert. ", " It was a great job. They are willing to help with anything to make sure you are doing ok.  They actually care about their associates. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I love my job at Amazon. There are a few departments that have their favorites. But if you do your work you have nothing to worry about. An average day for me is to keep the robots going, floors free from product, and helping as many people as I can. I had the opportunity to go and train new associates in New Jersey for 3 weeks. That was so awesome. Now Amazon is offering Career Choice, where they help you get a degree and pay up 95% classes and books. ", " Amazon overall is a good company, with great benefits. Low paying. On a daily basis I handle the work flow for about 24 to 48 pack associates, I am responsible for quarterly associate engagement. I have learned a lot about time management due to the fact that Amazon is an extremely fast paced environment. I do enjoy what I do. I like working with people and helping them preform to the best of their ability. ", " With Amazon having many benefits and individuals working with them it was hard for me to accept I was laid off due to end of the peak season. I enjoyed this job more than any most jobs I have had! ", " An innovative company that is focused on the future of automation and shipping to enhance customer satisfaction. Amazon is constantly striving to satisfy the customer in quality and timely delivery ", " I have always enjoyed coaching and mentoring of people. This  has been a passion of mine since starting my career in the call centre and use other peoples weakness to develop my strengths. I am passionate about work and always ensure that I leave only when I am happy with the effort I put in for the day. I have learnt of ways to understand individuals and work together with people on their developments. ", " A crazy day at work Making sure orders are out on time Needs better management Great coworkers and awesome team work Having the trucks out and ready  Making sure out customers are happy with there orders ", " There is no social life. The day is very tedious, as a warehouse job is expected to be. The breaks consist mostly of walking to your break destination and back to your work location (break rooms are too far away from work area). The higher ups treat new employees like dogs to say the least. Overall, this is the worst job I have ever held. The CEO is probably the nicest person involved with that place and I have never met him. ", " I loved working for Amazon! It was a fast paced work place which I have to stay busy and it kept me busy. Amazon gave me the opportunity to work as a back up for the manager and a problem solver, 2 things which I absolutely loved doing. Amazon helped me come out of my shell on talking in front of others. Now I can talk in front of a group of people and it not bother me at all. Hardest part of the job to me was it was rough on my knees, walking on concrete for 10hrs a day. I had some wonderful co-workers that I was able to train and work with. ", " Count Locations, and make Quality check on products. Process and enter information on the computer for returned product. Learned to problem solve, and to trained new employees. Good management. Friendly co-workers and helpful.  Hardest part was being sick and can't make the 100% pace. Enjoyed  Processing returns and researching product for right size and color. ", " Can be a tough place to work. You will do a lot of walking. Between 8-20 miles in a 10 hour shift depending on the department you are in. The benefits and time off are pretty good but you will find that you don't always work with motivated people and you have to look out for your own best interest as sometimes people work harder at making you look bad than doing their own job. ", " start day at 6:30a with warm up exercises and manager meeting. Then head to job for the day whether it be book block cutting, inspection or binding. or sent to other departments to receive, pick, pack, stow or gift wrap. End the day at 5:00p   Ten hour day/4 day work week. Except during mandatory overtime. Then could work 50 or 60 hours per week. ", " I learn great customer service phone skills. I work from home so it was the perfect fit for me and my family. The job was just seasonal I wish it was a permeant job. I loved it. ", " overall, i hope Amazon can make it easier for employees to change there schedule.the hours are too long and they should provide seats around the work aea ", " A typical day at work was always fast and working non stop. I learned how to operate different machinery. They always had the option of cross training for different positions. Management here was very bad, they were always switching to new managers all the time. The managers were always rude and not fair with everybody. All my co-workers were always nice and friendly. The hardest part of the job was trying to make the rate but I did most of the time. The most enjoyable part was working with my co-workers. ", " Miles of walking, bending, loading. I learned that I'm not good at this type of work. Management seemed great. Co-workers were pleasant. Being on feet.  I developed planter faciatis. I enjoyed setting goals every day to see how much I could accomplish. ", " All around a good place to work. A typical day begins with a start up by our area manager, communicating expectations of the day and reviewing performance of day past. Management is great and always has time to discuss any concerns or barriers to being successful. Co-workers are honest hard working folks who don't have time to chat during the day!. Toughest part of my job is all the walking, comfortable shoes are a must. I enjoy the satisfaction of being a small part of our customer's Amazon experience. ", " Good opportunity for advancement if you work hard and do not mind overtime.  Also many opportunities to transfer to other departments as long as you stay in good standing with attendance, quality, and productivity. Can be a very rewarding job at times. Worst part of the job is inconsistency given by managers and lack of communication. ", " I enjoyed working there but to a point. They didn't give you very long to go on a break, I got shouted at for not clocking off when I did and there is CCTV to prove that. If you have a day off and they change roles you have no idea where you're supposed to go if you're new. Co-workers were okay, friendly and supportive. ", " There were changes in the job almost everyday. New rules or system programs that didn't really benefit the workers but were set up to make us fail. I learned problem solving skills and basic wear house functions. The managers were always changing. My co-workers were always a joy to be around. There were many different people from many backgrounds. I learned so much from my co-workers. The hardest part was the long hours and trying to keep up a good rate with dry lines. The co-workers were the best part of the job. ", " There is not enough opportunities for advancement have not learned anything new in over a year. Work harder than most associates and get over looked by management and seem to be punished for being good at my job "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon has a terrific working environment, all of the employees are hands on and helpful. If you have a problem  at work there are people who are called problem solvers to assist you. ", " A typical day at work. It can be a fun work environment some days and some days its unpleasant. Management is respectable and very caring of your feelings and how your work day flows. ", " i worked there because they hired me and i did the job they asked me to do. They have good benefits.  It is a large place that requires alot of walking at a fast pace. ", " Its was a fast pace and hard work. Its had its rewarding moments and fun. Like any where else you there are friendly and not so friendly people. You learn as you go. ", " Best job I ever had.  A lot of benefits to help the employee move ahead in life and in the company.  Wish I could go back.  As long as you do your work the correct way you will thrive in this company ", " I worked hard and got converted to a full time employee only to be forced into 3rd shift while they were still hiring for 1st shift. All my numbers were above average on work completion. I would not recommend Amazon as a place to work. They simply know they can replace you through their walking-door hiring and firing process. This is the worst place I have ever worked. ", " The typical day at Amazon includes repetition and day full of co-workers. Co-workers become family and make the long hours easier to get through. Management is very organized and they help you when you are in need. That is, if you can keep rate. I guess the most enjoyable part was that the jobs were really easy and your schedule is pretty set. Plus, you normally always get your 40+ hours. For the most part it's been one of my favorite jobs. ", " Fine place to work, the money was great thoough the hours were a bit much.......................................... ", " Its a good place to work but the hour are a bit to long for a mother of six kids like me. the work is not hard and they help you with school. ", " very nice place to work fast -paced good staff good training not a chill easy to get along with working at this warehouse thank you ", " Why must companies leave out important info, before telling people after they left a job to go work for the them. Things should of been said out during the application  proceed. ", " Working for Amazon was okay except for the long hours and travel time, Amazon is a fast pace environment and you spend all day on you're feet ", " The hardest part of the job was keeping up with the cpts \"Critical pull times\" and the normal work load. this was a daily hurtle that required plenty of communication and team work achieve. ", " Due to the fact that almost all work was based on a rate system that calculates the amount of units per hour picked there were constant new employees not able to make rate which caused many coming in and out of the warehouse each day. When this would happen it would cause a lot of new day training every day. ", " Amazon is an excellent place to work.  The atmosphere is great and the management can be wonderful. For part time employees they have some pretty nice benefits and they offer opportunities to advance within the building as well as within the company! ", " I use to love to work there and thought i could move up and advance but after 4 years I slowly began to figure out the hard way that that wasn't going to happen.  I worked hard there for 7 years and tried to show that i deserved to move up in the company but they saw otherwise so that was why i made the decision to leave and go back to school. ", " This job was fun and also demanding. The hours are long and the IT setup is extremely tedious and difficult. The hardest part of the job was being at home, the temptation to interact with with family was challenging. ", " Being in packing at amazon is the best job ever because your one step closer to getting customers their products. a typical day in packing at amazon is just getting a tote and scanning the products to place in boxes, envelops , or wrapping, once that's done it is sent down the line to be placed on the correct truck to be shipped out. ", " A typical day at work would be loud, crowded and very busy. Working at such worldwide company like Amazon taught me how to communicate with co-workers, be patient, use a PDF scanner and work at a fast pace. Amazon management was up to part some- what, sometimes it was hard to find the help and answers you needed for ambassadors and mangers. Co-worker were always friendly and talkative, it was never hard to find friends. The hardest part of the job was finding space in the warehouse to do your work it super crowded always people around, sometimes their were some areas that was free. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people and being around different cultures. ", " The job was okay, it was a temp job or seasonal job and you work hard. work early hours and night hours. day shift and night shift. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Time been going so quickly; Manegers and team leaders understanding and helping all the time, when do you have a problem. ", " talk to international customers..learned to type faster.management is good.co workers were ok. staying awake and getting ready for work after not being able to sleep during the day in summer.  The customers. ", " A Typical day at work is very long , you feel overworked after 10 hours and if you work the night shift its like returning to work in the same day . ", " I had a good working experience at Amazon. Picking is considered one of the more difficult jobs but I enjoyed it for the most part ", " a typical day at amazon its hardworking, fast pace working environment. you are doing hands-on projects and working with a lot of people.. ", " Amazon was a great warehouse to work in. A lot of diverse and friendly people. The benefits were great and so was the pay. the supervisors and ambassadors were flexible and understanding. ", " Moneys good, life's good. Learnt various health and safety rules due to hazmat products. Co-workers were easy to get on with, never had any trouble. I'd say the hardest part of the job travelling so far to get there and back. I learnt how to scan and pack products efficiently. ", " Amazon fulfillment provides great oppurtunities to begin a career in operations and supply chain.  You will be given the opportunity to lead large teams and be challenged to make process improvements that reduce cost and improve productivity. ", " Fun and friendly environment. Equall oppertunities for all. Fast paced job. High energy everyday. Laid back vibe and nice pay. ", " Managers are on the floor leading teams as large as 150+ associates. They must exude positive energy and motivate others. Managers have complete responsibility of the functional processes in inbound operations and outbound operations within the fulfillment centers. Our leaders must be able to inspire more efficient ideas, gather data and execute continuous process improvement. They are responsible for making safety not only a priority, but a culture ", " I would enter work and since i knew how to do multiple things i was placed in many different areas in the facility. I was crossed trained in different positions as in Receiving, stocking, packing, consolidating, packing, and down stacking pallets. I would also sometimes be positioned on driving a cherry picker because i am licensed and in that duty of controlling a cherry picker was to store long items in the racks. ", " Working for Amazon.com in a production role is the most fulfilling career I've had. Every week there are new ideas and goals for improving processes and personal development. A lack of cadence is actually welcome but we also stick to tried-and-true methodologies to deliver to our customers on time and exceed their expectations. Stress levels are only high due to the feeling of wanting to excel on a day-to-day basis. ", " Overall not a bad place to work.  You're typically busy the entire shift.  Little chance of advancement unless you're willing to work weekends and/or relocate (for higher levels). ", " A typical day at work was 'Your speed doesn't matter, safety and accuracy. But, you have to do this amount, otherwise you get written up, so it does matter.' The days of that you have? You don't have off. There was a serious lack of communication from the management level, conflicting stories and you basically had no life outside of it. It takes an hour to find parking and 2-60 minutes to get out of the parking lot when you leave. When you were doing the 11 hour shifts, you basically had no time to yourself. ", " Amazon provides a very good job if you are interested in working a lot of overtime. Everything was fair and the management was great but the amount of hours is not very negotiable and overtime is mandatory. ", " Each day is different because they move you around so much. Take you off of a job function that you want to be at and are good at. Management just cant leave you in one job the whole day I don't understand how that's efficient when your wasting more time walking to go do a different job rather than stay in something your good at. ", " A typical day at work would be me going in doing my job and what I have to do help people that needs to be helped with any questions. I go to meetings with the managers where we discuss what our goal is for the day, and how we can meet that goal and what has to be done to meet it. Being at Amazon I have learned how to do so many different jobs and I love it. The management at Amazon I can honestly say we have a good team of management. They help everyone with anything and any problems they are very understanding and very nice, and cooperative. The co-workers at Amazon are all very nice there is never any problems everyone comes to work does the job and goes home. Their is no hard part of the job Amazon is a good company to work for, and its very easy. The most enjoyable part of the job is working with a team all the time where everyone gets along, ", " It not hard but very much a no stop going job. and very dirty. As well as you never really know who to go to for answers. it gets very tiring as well. ", " This job kept you on your feet. You were able to work and learn at the same time. The people that worked there was very helpful when you needed the help. The hardest part of the job was standing on your feet most of the time. The most enjoyable part of the job was the diverse atmosphere of people that worked there. ", " Miles of walking, bending, loading. I learned that I'm not good at this type of work. Management seemed great. Co-workers were pleasant. Being on feet.  I developed planter faciatis. I enjoyed setting goals every day to see how much I could accomplish. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Depending on what area you are in, depends on how busy you are.  Co-workers can be a pain, but do your job right and no one complains.  Hardest part of the job is loading the outbound stuff by yourself.  The most enjoyable part is seeing everyone work to fulfill the orders. ", " For a normal day of work in amazon i would walk the mods and pick and that meant doing a lot of walking at least 8 miles a day. I did learn how to use a scan gun and how to solve simple problems on the gun.The management was good and they  were all interactive with the employees. The co workers in the warehouse were mostly tired from having to work the long hours. The hardest part of the job was having to walk non stop picking the orders. The most enjoyable part of the job was seeing what kind of items customers would purchase. ", " Advance very quick. Had to deal with too many different personalities that weren't collaborating with others. A place that can get too crowded at times due to overstaffing so it requires you to be a people person to enjoy it. ", " good staff to work with.good hours.job security not garunteed and can be very harsh with hiring and firing policies.typical day is long but work is repetative and day goes very quick.i enjoyed this job ", " Love working for Amazon. Staff is great and everyone is so friendly. Energy and atmosphere is awesome and everyone supports each other. Productive atmosphere. ", " not to bad to work for when they were in Fernley was ok drive but now they are in Reno would be way to far for me to go and they did not like it that I was a little slow ", " Working here is not bad as far as the job duties is related.  On the other hand management is very poor.  Managers need to be fair to all workers across the board. ", " Great experience. Learned alot from amazon. Love to work again over there. Dedicated person willing to work  and provide my commitment ", " Scan items all day, and making sure that the product is the right place so it can be shipped to the right person and that's it very easy job. ", " My first day with Amazon was 11/25/2014. My last day there was 2/16/2016. I had enough time saved to put my two weeks notice in, and never go back. I was an electrical power production journeyman for the Airforce. I also worked as an aerospace ground equipment technician for the U.S. Air National guard. I applied several times times for their facilities level 1 tech position. I knew all the hiring managers, I also had great work ethic and a desire to learn more. But for some reason I never got the chance for the position. I worked my way up to ambassador, and was a seasonal tier 3 safety coordinator. I had high hopes with a career at Amazon, but it's bureaucracy prevented it from happening. Don't let Amazon take advantage of you if you're aspiring for a professional career. ", " At Amazon you work a very physical ten hour shift, four days a week. You stay at your station and do a very repetitious job for the majority of your day. At certain points of the day management will ask you to participate in power hours which ask you to go as fast as you can for that hour to help them meet their required numbers, which usually result in some reward like one vendor buck(a dollar that can only be used in a vending machine). The workers are usually friendly and hard working, most of them have less then two years with the company. The physical toll that the job takes with the lack of reward and recondition for that hard work leads to many leaving the company. Amazon hires most of their entry level management straight out college, so most of the managers are unable to do the jobs that their associates do on a regular basis. ", " Great company safe for working clean takes care of employees works together face to face communication great mangers . ", " they did not live up to my expectations I had to go elsewhere to continue my education I don't want to say more obvious not happy ", " You are seen as a number of productivity, and not a person. I managed to become a Process Assistant(aka Assistant Area Manager). It was a constant struggle to get management to understand that if you weren't salary paid, that hours really matter. People were constantly sent home early in the name of productivity. People would often lose out on hours as a result of that.  I can say, if you were able to get ahold of a Process Assistant position, that you were really likely to become an Area Manager. However if a PA position was filled, there was little room for advancement. I enjoyed the people I supervised. They understood that I was sticking up for them, and they appreciated me trying to take the time to listen to their concerns. It was high school drama with management. ", " You get treated as 3rd class Can't use toilets whilst your on your shift or else you get your pay docked  Minimum wage for dog work Can't be a permanent staff- they use you for 3 months for hard labour then get rid of you. Violates your human rights - so if you a kosovo or polish then its the job for you because your probably used to this sort of thing. No offence ", " You work hard because the money is worth it. The employees and supervisors are wonderful! I would work for this company again if they had a site in my current location. ", " They give you an account that you manage your time off yourself. The employees are good people. Job security comes and goes depending on the time of the year. ", " Fast-paced work environment, which I like. They weren't willing to bend the policy rules very much based on individual circumstances and needs. ", " People are great to work for. Management could not care less. Management fails capitalize on past experiences. You are just a number here and have no say if you are on the chopping block ", " i learn have to scan barcode and deal with lost things , health safety learn fix the machine tape . every time we had different job that was good because i get more experience and also i learn new things every day "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " One gets paid a solid salary but you have to work hard so be ready. If your not ready to work hard and for long hours you won't survive a week. ", " I particularly enjoyed dealing with new customer each day. Also, helping customers gave me so much peace of mind. Furthermore, it was in my local vicinity so commute was easy. ", " Empty promises, abuse, get taken advantage of, micromanagement, management is only looking out for themselves, benefits are not worth it ", " If you're looking for work and need a job, Amazon Fulfillment Centers are a good place to start. Competitive pay, good benefits, and reasonable hours. However, Amazon FCs are NOT a place to look for a career. They do not promote from within, they do not reward competent and hard workers, and they do not listen to their employees. ", " On the dock the work almost never stops. Production goals for the night/day seem astronomical but with good team work not overly hard to manage but not with out hardships along the way. Learning how to lead a team, and using what I've learned to teach others. The Management I worked under in my time fluctuated and I had some good Area Managers and some not but in the end of the day it wasn't the Managers that made the night better or worse but the cooperation from everyone and even when we did all we could their was nights we just couldn't meet our goals which is the hardest part of the job in my opinion that feeling that no matter what you as a individual can do and no matter how well you and those around you are working together theirs just no way to prevent the failure. Luckily this didn't happen often even when we had our peak season during the winter months they did a good job each peak to hire on enough temporary help to cover the added amount of work volume thrown at us. What I enjoyed the most working for Amazon was once you show progress theirs always more for you to do. Even though the more you learn the more that is asked of you and it can and had lead to some stressful situations and conflicts of interest and mixed words with others and management but in the end it was always what you made of it. I enjoyed taking on and learning as much as I could while I was there when I left the company I knew the ins and outs of the Ship down short of being a ship clerk it self but doing most the more tasking roles I've even picked up on some of the ship clerks job functions as ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> well just to help out when I could. ", " A great place for people starting out in the workforce. Good team atmosphere. Safety of the associates was a very high priority. ", " The job suited me really enojoyed working at the amazon fulfillment centre constantly active and the experience was good very busy and very active great training provided to work around the workplace. ", " Take multiple phone calls and emails from customers, carriers and internal employees for Amazon Fresh and Amazon Pantry. I deal with   the logistics end of orders, site wide issues and general customer service on Amazon policy.  Learned the difference in approaching customer service through logistics as oppose to general account information. I have become proficient at dual interface services.   Management team varies because everyone is constantly moved from one operation unit to another operating unit, so narrowing down the management style or effectiveness is not possible.   The people that I work with aside from the obvious financial need is the people that I work with. There is a huge variety of different walk of life at Amazon.  Hardest part of the job is being able to meet the standard of the job that are constantly changing with the movement of the company. The job security with the company is very low and can change at any time for numerous reasons.   I have had some of the best job opportunities that without a formal education I would not have opportunity to do elsewhere. ", " Over the past 2 years I have watched so many people come fresh out of school or from outside companies and get placed in positions over people who have been there for years trying to work there way up. Everything they preach to you upon recruitment will be a different story once you start. This has been my experience. ", " I would not suggest staying here for long, it will make you go crazy. Overall though it is a good place to start for someone who isn't sure where to start... ", " I'd rather not just be prepared to work long hours very hard. They pay good so if you are used to this kind of work. I don't feel like telling you more just experience it for yourself. ", " Each day is different. Some days can be stressful and others aren't. Around the holidays are when things become most difficult but those times do not last long. ", " Workers are often rotated to several areas.  There is no problem with training, benefits begin the first day and the pay is good.  However, speaking up about concerns or criticizing is not received well and seems to impact job security. ", " Amazon is a great place to work at. I enjoy my job and I love going to work. The management is awesome. I would recommend Amazon as a great place to work. ", " start off wih standup and then onto your stsation for 2 plus hpurs then brea for 15 bac to wor for two more plus hours and then lunch repeat first par of the day ", " Work in stow- everyday have to put items in bins which already are almost full, but still expected to make rate. Top shelves of bins have products falling onto floor (sometimes hitting people). Another associate told member of safety team ,was told our building has million items to get stowed so we have to do anything we can to get put away. Evidently safety no very important. No pay raise in 5 years. Managers change deptartment or leave every few months. Sometimes we do not have contact with our given manager for weeks ay a time. we are setup for failure, but management expects success. favoritism-don't get me started. ", " Amazon is customer centric and not employee centric. They are dedicated to their customers, but not to their employees. When there is work, there is lots of work. When work slows down, the layoff is massive! ", " Easy considering the pay until you become good at your position and they begin asking for more and more under the same pay ", " fast paced warehouse environment. Not too hard, very accommodating management, very minimum opportunity for overtime, good bonuses and advancement opportunities. ", " My job i worked in universal in outbound my job was to scan items i had to scan 167 items a hours in order to meet my number.i work 10 hour shift standing in one spot "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I didnt mind working there, I felt they didnt use me to the best of my ability. Was best to be put in a more active role in the warehouse but was instead put in inventory where I didnt move more than 3 feet a night. ", " It was an ok place, a better place for someone starting out of college.  It was a 50+/week day, learned a lot and some managers were leader and some were not. ", " On a day to day basis my roles include picking and packing and dispatching customers online goods and making sure work equipment is stored in the right place. ", " to much same bending routine needs to  be more of a change up and management was nice co workers were awful I quit cause of my co workers being rude ", " Amazon is a place for people with no family no personal life no other obligations other than Amazon. The pay is great but the long hours and the way they treat their employees is no compensation. ", " it is nice place to work and makes u hard working , getting  good experience and improving skills.. it is ten hours aday 40 hours a week.it was longs day but with benefits... ", " A typical day at Amazon. The hours were drastic for the amount of work we had to get done. I was a picker. We worked 12 hour shifts and only got 2 30 minute breaks and 1 15. I felt like that was drastic. The pay was great though. ", " Amazon is a fast paced werehouse were the main focas is to get the customers items delivered to there door as quickly as posible while insuring there items are in good condition the same you would expect any items you ordered to arrived. You are trained in the workings and safety of the job you will do with the option of cross training in other jobs in the werehouse at a later date. The management are very easy to talk to from the team leads to the genaral manager and all concerns are taken seriously by the management. The hardest part of the job is the long hours. The most enjoyable part is the people you meet and the friends you can make. The company is very safety contious whitch is really good as there is a lot of people and machinery in the werehouse ", " A typical day at work scan package. Some co-workers help. Day go fast. Get training before performing any job. Good part time job ", " It was a good company to work for, long hours, but its easy enough to do, very strict on what you can and cant do, and being in the warehouse meant no phones or any music devices so you was walking on your tod alot. ", " You loose your life while working here. No family, friends or relationships of any kind. All you do is sleep and work. On top of that its physically and mentally demanding. You are constantly walking or lifting items for 60 hours a week. You loose your mental state from the lack of sleep, physical exhaustion and lack of social life. ", " Pick and Pack customer orders  receive and stow merchandise  problem solve problem packages  One of the best places i've ever worked the managers are nice and friendly and help with any problems or concerns you may have ", " This company has such a high turn over rate because of Amazons treatment of it's employees both temp and full time is so sub-par that no one really wants to stay to long most just come in for the busy time of year through them and then leave. ", " No regard for health and sefty, searched going to the toilet, made to wait and be searched after long and tiring nightshifts before you could go home. This sometimes took a good while and we were never given time back or paid for it. ", " the most enjoyable part of the job would have to be working in a friendly environment and working with others. the hardest part of this job would be carrying 40 - 50lbs daily, but this job was overall a great experience. ", " Altough there are lots of jobs here there are hard parts, easy and enjoyable parts. The hard part would be working long hours at night, the work it's self can get very advanced and problem solving, but it isn't too hard. I enjoy work in general, i like the enviornment and my cowokers, managers, etc. ", " Amazon is a systematic producer of endless opportunities and growth. Maybe that's why it's one of the most diverse and prosperous companies on earth today. The managers dedicate themselves to the idea of empowering others no mater origin and background. Naturally, the work is abundant but the pay,culture, benefits and making history is always worth it. ", " The job expectations are very unrealistic with minimal resources. I learned that this company does not care about its employees. The entire management team is very inconsistent. They will hire anyone through a flawed recruiting system which forces you to interact with people who don't care about the position they hold. The hardest part about your job is the minimal amount of recognition that you receive for all of the hard work that you do on a daily basis. This job is not enjoyable. ", " As a seasonal worker there were a lot of promises made that I would be hire on full time. I worked there for 11 months and they let me go and then called me back to be a seasonal worker. There is no room for advancement or anything else as long as your in the position of seasonal worker. Management does not tell you how your performance is and tells you any day now you will receive a blue badge which is a full time permeant employee. Don't get your hope up high if you start out as seasonal is all I would recommend and that management has there own agenda and they could care less about the workers themselves ", " My night shift would consist of walking around the Amazon building for over 9 Hours each night for a minimum of 5 nights a week, it was very tiring and boring. I felt like Amazon didn't care about their workers and how they might feel as long as deadlines were being met they were happy. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a demanding organization to work for.  There are good tenants that the company is run.  You are constantly rated against your peers that make it difficult to develop a team environment. ", " Wasn't really much to say i did what i needed to do for the 1w2hrs i was there stowing items. I did the best i could to get everything done ", " Hard working culture, very customer orientated. Leadership principles allow for out of the box thinking. Want to try something? You get the opportunity to improve processes. ", " I would not recommend Amazon to anyone. I stood in one place all day long. I am used to being on my feet for ten hours a day, but not in those conditions. No tour on our orientation, just the stops were there was training exercises. ", " Amazon.com is a great company to work for. They are good with their customers and go above and beyond for them unlike any other company I have either encountered or worked for. ", " work as a seasonal employee, the work is not what I expected. I work in AFE (packing multiples) and the supervisors are super strict about time, talking to co-workers and you having any kind of say. You walk miles a day. Breaks are 15 minutes, one in the am and one in the pm. To get to the breakroom you walk about 1/4 mile each way. After walking you really only have about 7-8 minutes for break and do not be late by even a second or you will get written up. Lunches are 30 minutes. management doesn't care. They will not work with you with your schedule. The work is monotonous and the days are long.There is a lot of lifting (up to and sometimes more than 50 lbs), and tons of standing. There is no sitting allowed unless on break or lunch. You are expected to pack a minimum of 85 boxes per hour but the goal is 100 (you will be written up if you do not meet this goal). The warehouse is hot and very loud. ", " The company expects you to stand and/or walk up to 10 hours a day. The employees are under appreciated, the pay isn't great, the benefits are medocre. Management is very slow to respond to employee needs. ", " very diverse workplace they embrace people with military experience. The potential to move up is more from an outside applicant then an inside associate ", " Its worth it for the pay, but they work you hard to earn it. I clock in go to stand-up then to work for 2 and a half hours and 15 minute break after that back to it for 2 more hours than 30 min lunch after that stand-up again to stretch then back to work for 2 in a half more hours than another 15 min break till time to get off. Your bathroom break is included with the breaks. If your looking to loose exercise its the perfect place to go. ", " Productivity driven.  Safe environment.  Very little chance for advancement beyond entry level. ", " Amazon fails at showing appreciation to their employees. Unfair advancements, No matter how hard you work or how long you've been in the company. TPA1 is the worst place to work. Management is horrible thanks to their use of the S.T.A.R method to promote employees. ", " This is a fast paced high production workplace.  I learned how to manage and organized the work flow to consistently exceed production rates.  The management praise good performance.  I stayed in excellent shape while working there. ", " I've worked here for three years, very easy job, but very demanding. If you think your going to make good money and not have to work for it this is not the job for you. ", " work hard  have a positive attitude The co-Workers were easy and fun to work with  It was good management in the store  the most enjoyable part of the job was packing the customers orders ", " The best job i have had. They are really flexible with scheduling you and working around school schedules. The manager is nice but you constantly have different managers. ", " If you're a picker/packer well, hold onto your hat. They will give you a \"rate\" to abide by. This means parcels you are required to pick/pack in one hour. UPH = units per hour. Within the five months I've been employed there the UPH requirements increased at least 4 times. Four times! In some cases the expected UPH doubled. If you do not make the required UPH you are written up. This will drop off in one year to the day. 6 write ups and you are done. If you bend incorrectly and caught there is a possibility of a write-up. If you make a quality mistake you are written up. If you raise a concern during a meeting....yes, I've known associates whom were written up. If you have a write up you cannot transfer or apply for another position within the company for at least 30 to 90 days of your last write-up depending on how many you have. Your rate will continue to drop during ANY inactivity (e.g. equipment failure, issues regarding faulty scanner UPC bars, getting coached for a low \"rate\"...no, they don't allow you to log out of your function while they are speaking to you, bathroom breaks, etc.). If you're a drone you will fair well. If you complain about swollen feet and knees your manager will inform you that they are simply excuses for not making rate. Thank the gods I have an interview somewhere else. Good luck! ", " moving at a very fast pace to get orders picked and shipped to customers, great management, friendly co-workers , the hardest part is trying to keep your energy level up to work the long day ", " Good steady while finishing high school.  Again, loved the customer interaction. I took pride in being the Head Cook.  Got along great with the management. ", " Great Place to get started really fast paced you will be put to the test and there are people to help you along the way such as management and other co-workers with you. ", " Amazon provides a friendly and diverse environment while keeping it's staff positive. The hours and compensation for production are exceptional. The hardest part is not having a full hour lunch, which would be great during a 10-12 hour shift (they provide 30 min). "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " You have to work hard and alone for 10 hours every day. They don't give a correct training to do a good job. I received the correct training one week before they fire me. ", " fun high energy atmosphere. co-workers and management would always be more than willing to go out of there way to help in any way they could .i enjoyed the the time i spent there.amazon Phx#3 ", " Learn something new everyday. Management and above do not exactly make you feel good about your job, sometimes all they care is about making daily goals, not too much about our safety. ", " I have worked there for 4 year +, in the time with the company i have grown and learned so much, Logistically, Managerial wise, Project Management. ", " A typical day at Amazon normally runs for 4 hours of warehouse atmosphere at it's finest. Morning stretches to limber up and meeting with all employees and management to confirm volume and safety measures taken for the day and weeks to come. We then proceed to  designated areas posted for each employee individually and process all freight incoming from the online orders made previously. Volume changes day to day, you have to be flexible and ready for anything. I've learned to take each day as it comes calmly and efficiently while maintaining production excellence with as little down time as possible. The job is very fast paced and no room for error. There are employees from all different backgrounds, cultures, ages, and genders. The diversity in the workplace allows for many approaches to common issues, and communication is key to harmony in the workplace. As such I am comfortable working with people from many backgrounds and walks of life. The hardest part of the job is only how fast paced the processing is, with next to no downtime. It does tend to get frustrating at times; however, as previously stated i have adapted to this atmosphere. I have even thrived and become a top performer in my position. Easily the most enjoyable part of the job is meeting new people and learning about other employees cultures and backgrounds. I consider myself a people person and am not shy about sharing my life experiences with others. ", " great  co-workers,  hard place to work,  so many  hours  of standing but after all its a good experience... clean environment and safe with good temperature. ", " being my first job out of high school i learned most  of the essentials needed to be a success in the work force; such as completing work orders on time to meet the scheduled departure time. the ability to interact with fellow employees in a professional manner ", " Is good job ,but i need something dynamic.Im not happy to this job because i m not payd for performance.Consider.management to medium level,can t change the shift,can t be flexibles with employers ", " Amazing, diverse co-workers. Fun, easy work environment with daily, easy to complete, routine objectives. Easy to move up and get promotions. ", " I really enjoyed this job even as a temporary position the managers made us all feel welcomed and helped us anytime it was needed. ", " This is a fast paced job. The staff works together in order to get the customer order out. The company has very great benefits and way that you can advance in the company. ", " Amazon was awesome love the programs and workshops that was available to employees. Also we where able to earns bucks that could buy items out of our store. Within your teams meeting you where able to win gifts and free parking spaces. You definitely exercise a lot which was great, needed it in my life. Very fast pace environment, but easily to find guidance along the way. Great place for personally growth and development. Also great for relocating. ", " SMX was the company I worked for when I first started at Amazon. They served as the recruiting agency for amazon. During my time with SMX I was made a PIT/Safety coach and moved up to the supervisor position. My duties consisted of assisting in PIT training for new hires, making sure safety protocol was enforced and followed. I also assisted associates in any way that it was needed to ensure that they were able to do their jobs effectively and efficiently. My duties as a supervisor entailed anything from assisting associates on the floor, conducting new hire orientations to scheduling and attendance. I also worked a lot with Amazon management to ensure that SMX associates transitioning to Amazon associates met quality and performance standards. Once I became an Amazon associate I worked on the floor. The majority of the co workers I worked with were all great people to be around. The management team for the most part are all young individuals transitioning right from college which in some ways was viewed as a con. The hardest part about the job was probably the long hours and work to life balance. The most enjoyable part or parts was meeting a handful of great individuals and apart of that learning along side with them. Learning how to drive all the equipment in the facility also proved to be quite rewarding. ", " 12 hour days daily minimum Unhealthy amount of competitiveness No job security Lots of innovative technology  Cutting edge supply chain Everything in the news is true ", " Amazon is great place to work and learn all different types of work. I learned many areas such as; Stowing, receiving, dock roles, packing, etc. ", " People are great to work for. Management could not care less. Management fails capitalize on past experiences. You are just a number here and have no say if you are on the chopping block ", " Start of shift, was a meeting to go over safety concerns, and quality checks. Employees also are required to perform exercise stretches while safety and quality checks were discussed by Leadership. Acquire a station on line 1, 2, 3, or 4, log in to the computer at each individual station. Wait for totes with product that customers have ordered, scan tote, then the product to know if it was to be shipped in a container, SIOC (shipped in own container) and if it had a PSLIP (receipt, or note if a gift purchase) add a SPOO label (shipping package order label) then send it on the lower conveyor line.   Product could be anything from a gift card, to a bag of dog food, and everything in between. Shifts are 10 hours long with 2 15 minute break and a 30 minute lunch break. ", " I learned how to push myself to new levels of efficiency, speed and accuracy. Working at Amazon is a challenging yet satisfying place to work. Every manager there is willing to help you improve your skills in a kind and courteous manner, ", " I really have not long message to relay, it was good. Like most Americans we need health insurance it offered good benefits. ", " It's an okay job, but not something I'd try to make a career out of. The management expects so much from you when they barely do anything. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " love to work here but I need to get off night shift, that's the only reason I want to leave, great benefits, great programs, great people ", " Amazon is great place to work and learn all different types of work. I learned many areas such as; Stowing, receiving, dock roles, packing, etc. ", " The pay with Amazon is extremely well for a person my age they pay you a 11.50 an hour you also get a .25 cent raise every six months. they give you paid, unpaid, and vacation time to use if you need so. They treat you fairly well, if you have any personal problems there are so many people and chances for you to speak to someone. You have plenty of opportunity to move up in the warehouse. They treat you like a family and they also make the work environment a fun one ", " Instead of smx telling ppl they have a chance of getting hired on, just don't mention it. After you get hired on by smx, there is a chance you will not be hired on by amazon. I came in with at least fifty other ppl, and only three from our group were hired on, including me. I missed days, but always on time for work and in and out for lunch. They say don't miss days but they don't keep up with your points during peak. After peak there was barely anybody left. They let go some really good ppl so even if you come in with A's across the board, they still mistakenly might let you go. If you do get lucky enough to get a blue badge, you will get some good benefits, pay goes down a quarter but you get raises every six months. Bottom line is, if you're out of work, and have no other options, can pass a mouth swab drug test, and willing to work overtime during the holiday season, because well, you don't have a job, then apply to smx for amazon, keep looking for something permanent during that time, and cross your fingers that they don't lay you off the day after Christmas. ", " Fun work place with supportive management. All about numbers and exceeding them. phone lines never answered if needed for a sickness or late days for notifying management. ", " I enjoyed going to work because u met new people everyday. The hardest part about the job was the long hours. The most enjoyable part of the job is the nice Breakrooms ", " Amazon Fulfillment requires their employees to be dedicated to the company. Company culture is always present and one must always be conscience of the attitude they portray in regards to Amazon principles. If one wishes to advance their career, they must be willing to travel and most likely relocated. Managers and co-workers are a mixed bag. Some are great to work with, they are competent and helpful. Others are not. The hardest part of the job is working off-hours (especially long night-shifts) and holidays. ", " you dont have to work hard, you just have to show up.....  Building to is all about customer returns.  Management is ok, the PA's on the other hand are very questionable.  co-workers are the one thing that make you feel comfortable.  the only reason why i keep going back is because of the people. ", " basically like slavery all hours on your feet to not even get paid on time was told i changed my bank details and was paid already like 3 times. ridiculous. ", " It was a good environment. The shifts can be quite long at times however, it is very good place to work at. I have learnt quite a bit while working there ", " Amazon provides a great service for seller and buyer. I would recommend working for Amazon as a small or big business interested in online retail. ", " every day was the same, started with small meeting with managers and them everyone go to them jobs. I learned who work with pressure and stress, I fulfilled many roles and strive to achieve all targets. Management always tried to be honest with me and help with all problems. My co-workers were grate, always happy to help and chat. The hardest part of the job was when we were really tired and still had to keep good numbers,  The most enjoyable part of the job was stowing items on shelves. ", " Awesome Break rooms with vending machines for free coffee and gatorade. marketplace to buy food. Great benefits for medical,vision, dental and 401k plan. Stocks in the company. free bus pass. Ability to win prizes throughout the year for friendly competitions. Everyone is always in a positive mood. Management always willing to help people learn and grow in the company. ", " They give you an account that you manage your time off yourself. The employees are good people. Job security comes and goes depending on the time of the year. ", " I work mostly in receiving and decant/bulk receiving into the building. Sometime stowing those items as well. Best times of the day is working with the best co-workers ever. They was the best for they have fun but on  a professional level. ", " constantly doing something. able to communicate with others and have a relaxing environment filled with people who are there to get the work done and make friends. ", " Amazon Fulfilment is a job that requires a somewhat fit lifestyle and is fun while plenty of walking is taken place. While working at Amazon I recieved plenty of beneficial praises from the dedication we put in. The management is very friendly and fun to work around. ", " The people there were nice and respectful i just couldnt do all the standing all day and night. They paid good ", " AWS is a fantastic place to work. The culture is good overally. A typical day's work would include assisting users from 6 different companies with different issues and some out of your skill set. Hence you should be gifted in troubleshooting skills and looking for information.  The work is tiresome and there is no time to rest. Involves weekend shifts which isn't ideal for family people. ", " I worked at Amazon warehouse but with ISS temp agency and it was a okay lifestyle for awhile but then it gotten to hard for me to handle and waking up in the morning. Then i started to do night shift. And i worked wednesday - saturday and i called off friday and saturday for my own personal needs and then when i came try clocking in the following week my badge wasnt working. They terminated me for not coming in Friday and saturday but they clearly saw that i called off. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " In my particular building we had to work a lot of mandatory overtime, 11 hour shifts, and the work is intense. I have a family so this just did not work for me. They need improvement in how employees are treated by some managers, but its a company where you can grow. ", " Work hard, Play hard, make history. Unfortunately pay is horrible from a grown up. And the raises are a joke. Good starter job for kids coming out of high school, ", " I am not happy with this job, because of the very low salary. Also workng from home gets lonely. A typical day involves typing, data entry, proofreading, performing internet searches and taking surveys for corporations. ", " It is a friendly place where you can be yourself and you will meet some really intresting people. But something i really noticed is that the people with more power and authority made it that all there buddies were with them and that they have the jobs they want and its a easy day for them which isnt really fair but hey what can i do. Other than that it was an amazing place and a great experince. ", " I love the people worked with, the management is great, they have conducive working environment, the hardest part of the job is when you have to do mandatory overtime, but the most enjoyable part is the fringe benefit. ", " A typical day at work would be fast paced right off the back The company itself is a very enjoyable and comforting company to work for. The management could be better and the training process was very poor and there are a few things that could be worked on ", " did not like it there as the management was horrible most of the othere staff was horrible &amp; didnt have respect for other workers inside the werehouse ", " its very hard work u have fun at the same time it was a good place to work at. we did alot we work hard the people are friendly the days go by fast i enjoy working at amazon.This company is great, working your way up is why Amazon looses so many amazing people. I do feel it is a great work life balance, but even if I worked harder my efforts wouldn't be recognized or appreciated from a fiscal perspective. ", " Typical day includes of unloading and receiving freight or picking stocked freight. The management could be a little better on a employee to management ratio. Co-workers are generally on task all day. The hardest part of this job is the walking everywhere ", " Its a great job but does not fit my time frame. I have nothing bad to say about this job. But they could use better organization and communication between staff. ", " i liked it there.everyone was nice and loving,it was a overnight job. great benefits. best part was customer appreciation week ", " Great place to work, What i like the most is the people i work with. Amazon offers stock, Some of the best health insurance around. ", " When you have no other options of a place to work, and want decent pay and benefits, Amazon is a great place to start. Pretty much, no matter what, you can get hired here. You get good pay and benefits are okay. ", " Great place to work with lots of process areas to explore and expand your knowledge of the business and grow. Management easy to reach out to and lots of amazing coworkers. ", " It was a good company to work for, long hours, but its easy enough to do, very strict on what you can and cant do, and being in the warehouse meant no phones or any music devices so you was walking on your tod alot. ", " I really like working here the coworkers are fun and makes the night go by fast but on the other hand the company is built around numbers. in my department they stress the 2 quotas we have to meet so bad that they will write u up so much if u cant or don't meet them that they will fire u before your 90 days is up. ", " A typical day at work requires managers to run their departments and address productivity issues throughout a 10 hour shift.  You need to stay on your game all shift and also think about the future and improvements that you can make across all shifts. ", " Job is very tiring and exhausting , not enough breaks and shifts are too long for that kind of job. All you do is walking. Wish they would pay more. ", " Process customer returns, I learned how to keep a good pace and be productive at the same time. Management wasn't horrible but could've been better. Co-workers are usually nice and easy to get along with. Moving around to do different roles within the company. I love the shifts. ", " Amazon is an good place to work and has a lot of benefits, but the management expect to much from associates. I enjoy my role within amazon. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The only thing I really did not like about working there was the walking. Had to walk 3-5 miles a night. Other than that the job is good pay is o.k. ", " My co workers at amazon wear great and friendly just like most of the management. The work was never to much or overwhelming because the workplace itself was very organized and everything seemed to run smoothly. ", " I do not feel comfortable providing a review for this job. What i will say is that the job is fast paced and can be a very fun environment. Professionalism is something that is lacked but overall it is a good job. ", " Loved it. Plan on returning next year if still unemployed. Enjoyed Staff very cohesive group, Great benefits. I liked the Supervision firm and fair, I highly recommend working here. ", " very fast past job on your feet 10 hours a day in a hot work place. have to be able to move fast and have to pay attention to detail on everything you do. ", " It's an okay job, but not something I'd try to make a career out of. The management expects so much from you when they barely do anything. ", " I worked here over 4 years and had a amazing experience both as it my employment as well as the great people that I worked with and became friends with ", " High turn over rate, management changed constantly, no real feedback or direction offered. You feel over worked and there is no one to really discuss concerns with. ", " Long nights at work, fast speed required. The management at most times would be left in the dark until the last minute, creating issues. The working conditions are adiquate, but injuries can be an issue. The on site medical team could do nothing more than but on a bandage or ice you. ", " Benefits are great and starting pay is decent, but after some time you hit a dead end. Your raises stop, promotions are nearly impossible if you dont know the right people. They dont seem to care about the people who have been there for several years. Seniority means absolutely nothing ", " I work a PM shift Sunday - Wednesday. As a PM shift manager my ultimate goal is route completion and achieving the best statistics possible, First time delivery, concessions etc.  I manage a team of 6, managing 13 delivery service providers overseeing 250+ drivers. Stepping up to cover the Operations manger when needed.  Hardest part of the job is in peak periods however that then becomes the most satisfying as an operation we really push boundaries but when you achieve your goals it certainly does become very rewarding!  I enjoy leading my team and leading by example. ", " Great job make your own schedule and easy to contact supervisor for help if needed. there is always someone available to help you out. ", " Was very very tough on your body and soul since they didnt have any A/C when it was very hot, or heating when it was very cold. ", " The workers are very diverse.The pay is great and they gave everyone a free pumpkin pie on Thanksgiving, which was appreciated. My only cmplaint is the long hours and short breaks. Not a job for lazy people. ", " It was a very demanding role. I was Christmas temp and we had to make sure all roles were followed correctly to ensure the customers received their orders in time. ", " Work hard have fun make history Enjoyable and challenging Wealth of knowledge from CO-workers More reactive than pro active Enthusiastic workforce Strive to succeed Customer Obsessed ", " This company has such a high turn over rate because of Amazons treatment of it's employees both temp and full time is so sub-par that no one really wants to stay to long most just come in for the busy time of year through them and then leave. ", " Working for Amazon warehouse was a wonderful experience. The workers there made sure that if you needed help they were there. They trained you to be great at your job. ", " I currently work at the Amazon in Shepherdsville, Kentucky and I don't think that it's a bad gig at all. It's an easy job and they're very flexible. You typically work 40 hours a week, but the opportunity for OT is almost always available if you want it. The benefits are great. If you ever go to management about an issue they genuinely care and do their best to find a solution. The only reason I'm rating it 4/5 is because the pay isn't all that great and the job itself (I'm a picker) is kind of monotaneous. ", " Good but I would rather not work for the pay given here.  Pay is not worth the workload we are put through here.  I would recommend this company for those who are really needing a starter job.  No long term future here "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " hard, not to work for them aver again, do not care about you,lazy,showing to start the day,at the end of the day when i leave to go home ", " typical day at amazon is writing reports to managers all day . different kind of people from all over come here to experience amazons benefits and work environment ", " Its great.  Everybody is nice.  The benefits are the best.  The even have a shuttle to take you to work.  Apply.  What else do you need to know? ", " Amazon is a bit challenging but will help you build and grow. this company is a growing company that focus alot in what the employees and what the customers want/need. great benefits and responsible ppl to work with ", " Working for Amazon was fun and entertaining. I met some really good people, my whole team was good. its a shame it had to be only for temporary basis. I wish they kept us longer as we all got along. Another time maybe. ", " It was an overall great place to work, a lot of people doing different things but it was enjoyable.. I learned a few different ways to pick and pack items to be sent away. ", " Truly the worst place I can imagine working. I had to wear shorts and tee shirts all winter because for some unknown reason they had the heat blasting. The second and third floors were nauseatingly hot. The building manager just told everyone to wear layers because it is colder outside.  Since Amazon is always looking for \"innovation\" it didn't matter if it actually improved anything as long as a manager could claim it did and make themselves look good. Pick paths were changed, making it harder to pick the required amount of items. If you didn't make quota you would be written up and later fired.  Almost all managers were hired from outside and never did the work the real employees did. The PAs were way more tolerable than the fresh out of college graduates they would hire to be managers.  If you trained people instead of giving you a raise for the peak months you were given a free dinner and an Amazon gift card. The temp agency is always having a hard time getting people to work during peak so I trained temps that made more per hour than me. What a great morale boost. I was making about $12.75 working nights training people making $14 who would quit in a few weeks.  You were expected to pick a certain amount of items in a night and to stay on task. If a manager noticed you hadn't scanned anything in a few minutes they would come find you and tell you to get back to work.  Dangerous bins overfilled with items would fall if you tried to take the wrong item out. The totes you picked into would fill themselves out so you might only be able to put a few items in it before ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> it assumed you couldn't fit the next item in it (or it would be to heavy) making shoes an absolute nightmare to try and pick.  Basically it was a terrible place to work and I am no longer an Amazon customer. ", " The fact that our breaks were cut short to please the managers. our 15 minute breaks consist of us using 2 1/2 to go to break 10 minutes of break and another 2 1/2 minutes to get back to where we were on the floor is not a 15 minute break. The favoritism was ridiculous if your not brown nosing your doing grunt work. It is very easy to tell who is a favorite and who isn't. ", " Great place to work. Really enjoy working with such wonderful people. I built really good skills to put towards my life and future jobs. ", " little bit hard to work if you do same job every day but amazon provides lot of new trainings so its very easy to work there. there is lots of diferend nationalities and you can learn from them as well.hardest part of job is christmas peak time. ", " reasonable hours and pay, offer overtime on a regular basis.  Good insurance packages as well as pad vacations.  Prizes and raffles for the hardest workers. ", " At first and on paper Amazon seems like a great place to work but the pay isnt good enough for the work. they start at $12.25 and you top out in alittle over 2 years with 14$. The scheduled are not too bad but some weeks working four 10 hour shifts get tiring. but if you are going to school they can accommodate your schedule  lunch break is only 30min and you get 2 breaks that are 10min each  they over work employees and you are always on rate. ", " Such a nice and neat environment to work and lovely people around working togther . The management is very solid and they have a very great coducting concept . Everthing moves in accordance and they have a very good benefit for their employee . ", " Amazon has such a fast paced environment. I was given so many opportunities to grow and was very well respected in what I did. I led my own department and was trusted by my managers to lead and succeed in getting my job done. It's stressful at times, but I love working in those types of situations. I've met great people and have managers who I can approach comfortably in any situation. ", " It has been fast pace production line work. You cant stay away for moment. Both packaging and receiving at a time has been hard, but by seeing others and experiencing yourself, it becomes easy and you enjoy the work. ", " You were expected to work like robots, almost everyday was spent doing with the same jobs. You were never offered the chance the be accepted for higher jobs, unless you were popular within the company or had any kind of contacts. I sued to get on with the previous management team within my department but never seems to click on with the new management because I was the only female within the whole team. ", " I had a great work experience over there. I have learnt how to scan items and how to receive them. My typical day at work was to get my own target and progress on to work. ", " sort parcels into routes and then scan all parcels with a hand scanner to confirm all parcels are in the right routes, the management were easy to get on with and co workers are quick to help if you get overrun with parcels the hardest part of the job is not being off at the weekend and the best part is that you are under no pressure doing the job ", " management needs to pay attention all the workers equally. co-workers were friendly but managers sometimes get rude. the typical day was busy. but the nice thing is, there are two shifts: morning and evening, so one can pick according to his own flexibility. ", " Amazon is a great job, but not where I want to be as a career.  They care more about production and not enough about the employees.  The lack of respect towards entry level employees from upper management is bad too. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a good place to work if you are looking for face pace work being productive also potential for growth with the company,I enjoy my employment with Amazon I am a productive effective sufficient team worker and a coordinated employee, looking for advancement for a permanent position with Amazon. ", " Everyone that worked at Amazon had a great attitude. I've never had any problems there ever. If i needed help, I could ask anyone and they would help me. ", " I learned a lot from this job. First time to work with a lot of people. What a great experience working at the busiest time of the year. ", " Besides the long hours, the culture is very poor. The only thing that matter is the numbers not the people. I won't recommend no anyone who has a little of respect for a human being to work in this place. The management most likely are people just graduated from University or MBA Programs, they are smart but unfortunately most of them doesnt have people skills, no experience at all developing people. They have a lot of technology, but unfortunately most of the reports are unaccurate. It was a very sad experience for me to discover what it is behind this great company. ", " The job was not a normal warehouse job, it was working with a system called comp. My job there was to scan undelivered parcels which were brought back by drivers, and scan them back to station, making sure the status was correct. I had to learn the entire system, and knew it like the back of my hand. It gets really busy as drivers start flowing in and have to wait in a que whilst we process each parcel correctly. for example drivers come back and say that a parcel was rejected, or damaged or that they delivered the parcel but forgot to put delivered on their system, so we would have to fix it to the correct status.  I learned about time keeping, working fast under pressure as drivers are not known to be friendly. Also learnt about communicating, listening and asking the right questions. ", " The role was very unsatisfying, the management team was not interested in assisting their associates. The job overall was just horrible ", " Loved working for Amazon!  It's unfortunate that they only pay $10 an hour for work from home Customer Service Reps.  It's a pretty grueling job with all the calls coming in and dealing with some of the customers.  But, they make up for it with contests they have for seasonal workers.  They truly make you feel as you are one of their employees, not just a seasonal worker.  They also empower you to do what you feel is right to make a customer happy. ", " This place is one of the worse work environments that i have ever seen when it come to harassment and favoritism. The managers here are all reckless and are not in it for the personnel that work under them. Far as hectic as a work place gets this is one of the most disorganized buildings i have had the displeasure of being in. The coworkers are just as bad sometimes as well but i have to say one thing that has got to stand out. You know it is bad that every coworker has the same modo. \"If it makes sense it is not amazon.\" ", " When i first started working at amazon i really enjoyed it. However now not so much. Management has switched up a lot of things and it's for the worse. ", " fun enviroment  fast paced  decent lunch times  pretty smooth day everyday  friendly workers  good management  riding forklifts all day was the best thing ", " Count Locations, and make Quality check on products. Process and enter information on the computer for returned product. Learned to problem solve, and to trained new employees. Good management. Friendly co-workers and helpful.  Hardest part was being sick and can't make the 100% pace. Enjoyed  Processing returns and researching product for right size and color. ", " I love working at amazon however it is a fast paced environment and our goals can change often. There is always something different to do, multiple dept changes also if you like that youll be happy ", " You are constantly busy and moving. Everyone is friendly and helpful. An all around nice place to work. Management is very involved and if there is a problem the do try to help you as much as they are able to. ", " Amazon is fast pace job. they have great opportunities for people to grow in different areas. They also count with a great benefit system for the employees. ", " Very very challenging place to work. Physically taxing especially if you work nights and even more so if you are a picker. Employees are overworked, under appreciated. Breaks aren't long enough considering the amount of work. One thing I can say, great place to meet new people and make friends, they employ a hugely diverse group of people of different ages and backgrounds. Ridiculous point system they need to revise. Such a big place and there is so much that can be learned working in such a dynamic environment. If they could be more reasonable with things like BREAK TIMES, sick days, lateness etc i think it would be a great place to work. ", " Worst place to work felt like was in prison. If you don't meet their culture or atmosphere your shown the door. Management was a joke people ether quite or kept moving around ", " Good pay, excellent carrier opportunities and benefits. Fast paced and exciting projects going on all the time. Employees taken care of. ", " Management is flawed, the hours are long, and there is no appreciation for your work or compensation for uncovering dangerous items on the shelves. ", " I only worked there for the Christmas period. I found them a reasonable employer. The work was demanding but satisfying. I would work there again if there was a fulfilment centre closer to me. ", " A typical day at work is working from you get on the clock till you clock out.Whats I've learn is that there is always work to do. Management was great to work with.My co workers always keep the job exciting.The hardest part was not enough hours. The most enjoyable part was coimg in to work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day consist of a  Herd of people trying to rush and squeeze past each-other on a work floor. I learned to be overly observant and how to work extremely fast. When your 15 minute break is over management sends supervisors in with whistles to scream at you. If your late back from your break trying to get a drink management doesn't care they deduct your pay and even write you up. Most of the management I came into contact with were not friendly, rude, sarcastic, and even obnoxious. My fellow co-workers were good people but they were always misled by actual Amazon worker. The hardest part of the job is trying to get correct information about shift changes, pay changes, and parking. The only thing i enjoyed about working at Amazon was my check. ", " A typical day would be going throughout the plant and making sure that items are in their correct location and finding \"lost\" items. ", " fun high energy atmosphere. co-workers and management would always be more than willing to go out of there way to help in any way they could .i enjoyed the the time i spent there.amazon Phx#3 ", " amazon is very outgoing place to work at, you learn to be more patient with taking care of your duties, co-workers are also very nice and posotive. they motivate you do better. ", " It was a heavy job, lifting boxes and there was pressure to rush to the next pick. It was a short term contract up to Christmas but work was offered in the New Year.  I decided not to take it as I was coming to the UK, for better choice of work, better pay and  I was able to understand Amazon's computer systems and the handset we bused when picking items. ", " When you go through the week long orientation, Amazon talks a big game regarding leadership principles and traits they follow (sounded great) as well as their attack the process, engage the people (APEP) philosophy. When you leave orientation and into the fulfillment centers, mostly everything you learned in orientation is thrown out the window. The FCs I worked at follows an autocratic management style, not the traits discussed in orientation. Senior management goes after associates instead of asking questions first and trying to change the process. Associates by many of the management team are viewed as just a number or to some they are bodies, which makes weekly performance and productivity management meetings become a standard check mark off of the HR checklist. Quality cross training for associates are pretty much non-existent and for associates who work in a path that they normally do not...well, hopefully they have a good manager during the performance meetings or they will be written up.   Work life balance is very difficult to juggle due to constant no notice overtime called and management requiring to come in to cover for other managers on vacation. If you stick to your guns and leave at the end of your shift (after already working 12.5 to 13 hours), plan on not moving up and depending on your management, be placed on a performance improvement plan.   Best part was learning the operations and working with very intelligent people. Compensation was good and like others have said on these reviews, you will earn every penny of it. Outside of that, I would recommend ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> you really do your research before joining Amazon. ", " Enjoyed working within the warehouse environment, good shift patterns   Fast paced environment always kept busy.   Good team to work for ", " A great opportunity to work in a large well known Distribution with, Gain Training for other positions and further a place within the warehouse. ", " No regard for health and sefty, searched going to the toilet, made to wait and be searched after long and tiring nightshifts before you could go home. This sometimes took a good while and we were never given time back or paid for it. ", " I liked the job a lot there was plenty of room for advancement and the days went by quickly even when the work days are 10 hours. ", " Amazon is a very fast paced place to work and it included a lot walking around the entire facility.  The hours are long, but the money is worth it.  This job gives its employees a certain amount of hours to be used as paid leave, unpaid leave, and vacation.  They give a fair warning that once your unpaid time goes into the negative, those are grounds for termination, so BE CAREFUL.  I think that this job is actually really good for people that have the stamina to stay alert for hours at a time to do this job.  I actually liked being a part of this distribution center. ", " Amazon.com has a good managment area. Also Amazon.com gives to you the opportunity of personal succes through their school program. ", " Working at Amazon was fun, educating and something new for me. I enjoyed the teamwork and positive leadership qualities everyone had. I was happy to learn about how to work in a factory type of environment. ", " loved the idea behind it all. was one of the easiest jobs i have ever worked. 10 hours a day, 4 days a week. Also management is always there to help you at all costs! friendly people there at the plant and i would recommend this job to anyone!!! The hardest thing about this job is getting proper sleep and having a life outside the work force. Also getting paid by weekly can SUCK. ", " Amazon is a great work place, the employee's are easy to get along with and the work is easy to learn. They are very understanding with any situation that may occur, they are easy to talk to, the shifts are flexible and they make sure you are being appreciated for all your hard work. ", " Mandatory overtime, very tiring. Not too bad for the money you make. Allowed to wear whatever you want and you meet pretty awesome people. ", " Had awful shift changes to two five hour shifts per day, 6 days a week. Starting at 7am-12pm then 5pm-12am and again the next day. No time outside of work. Travel time was ridiculous as the transport provided took 90 minutes as it went round all the towns in the area before going to Rugeley. Thats sixteen hours a day on work and travel giving you eight hours to sleep, eat, shower and do anything you need to do at home (washing clothes, washing dishes, seeing friends/family, household chores and getting ready for work/bed). Also the eight hours aren't in one go, there are four hours between your first and second shift and four hours after you finish for the day so you are never going to get more than four hours sleep in one go. Overall very draining and not social at all, very hard to talk and socialise during working hours and canteen is expensive other than free tea/ coffee. You never get your full break because the break time includes the time it takes you to walk from where you are across the factory to the break room and it takes forever to get through security. ", " too much favoritism management is unprofessional not too much room for advancement you learn different postions great co-workers ", " The work can be mind numbing, but there is plenty of room to grow. Management is awesome and super helpful, as long as you attempt to make rate. ", " I worked as a driver was told it was permanent then after xmas was laid off due to no routes but other drivers had over 150  parcels so in other words was just for xmas rush shocking how they treat people it was for lewtas logistics   i advise every 1 to stay away "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Typical day: Walk, scan, pick item and repeat. What I learned: how to scan, pick items and how much I regret starting there (so far). Management: When I started on nights, the night manager was quitting in a week, no replacement so far (just started my 3rd month). I don't know why but heard he was sick of it there but that's a rumor so...I just assume he had a better job offer. Co-workers: People are as people go, some friendly if you have to ask a question and some look like you spit in their face if you bother them. Hardest part of my job is the walking, whoever programmed their system for picking orders needs to come pick for a week, My bet is they would quit before that week is up. It doesn't have to be like that from one isle for 1 item and then up 10 for the next, it's like that all the time, there is a clear pattern and the only reason I can see is to weed out people that are in poor health and make them want to quit. Most enjoyable: That's a tough one but I would have to say quitting time at this point.  This is the low down from my perspective, I'm 48 and a former carpenter so I've done a lot of up and down ladders and stooping over so yeah I have bad knees and back pain so take this ever how you want, if you come from my sort of background you will hate it because you may think \"oh it's just walking for 10 hours a night\" but it's tougher than you think. They want a minimum of 90 items picked on average per hour. Now again the \"system\" will have you in isle 1 for one item and then you'll have to walk ten isles up for 1 item, then maybe upstairs one level for ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> 1 item or 10 items, then back down stairs or 100 isles (it's insane). The only time I've met quota is once and my picks were maybe 10 in the same isle and I never had to move more than one isle for the next 10 picks. I had 100 picks on average per hour with 240 items picked by 1st break. Best I can do is 70-75 picks per hour on average and I feel like my knees and going to blow out. Not their problem I know and my bet is I'll be let go at the end of my 3rd month and honestly I don't care, it'll be ok with me. Their expectations are completely unrealistic.  Had a company meeting and they had \"The Offer\" for employees that had been there at least one year and it was basically they would pay you $1000 per year of employment to quit, then said we don't want anyone to take it...REALLY? Why offer it then, they think people are that stupid of course they want them to take it because they can pay a young kid much less than someone who has been there longer.  If you are young, energetic and can hang you'll probably love it and if committed you'll probably move up in positions, who knows but know this...since I started they have hired nearly 100 people to pick per month or more (that I know of) and if they hired that many is only because that many either quit or was let go.  Breaks for pickers are 15 minutes from scanned item to scanned item so that means in reality is 10 minute breaks and lunch is 30 minutes.  So for me it's not working out but again I'm older than most pickers there and I'm not saying older folks can't do the job, but I don't fit that mold and that company seems to think everyone is. Bad thing is I can't change positions unless I get faster where i am now, Not gonna happen. ", " Doesn't pay enough for labor. We walked a lot and our breaks weren't long enough .Just a bad experience there overall. If I could go back I would have worked In another department. ", " Favorite pets are valued most. Nothing is paid for high productivity. Frustration is the only feeling you carry home after working at this warehouse ", " My job was challenging but busy and made the day go by quick. I learned many different jobs within the company and made some awesome friends ", " My review is that there was good job but unfortunately just temporary for Christmas season. There was 10 hour shift and more for 4 days till week. So I was glad working there. ", " The make your job its funny. its a hard job because you have to work hard and with speed. Also the have good benefits. the hardest part its to far from my home ", " Everyone at Amazon is very smart and the environment challenges you to be the best employee you can be. There is a lot going on and sometimes no formal training. You need to be able to feel comfortable in asking for help from different people so that you can do better. You never know what you don't know until you ask. People trust you to do your job so you can run with different ideas as long as you do well. ", " The most enjoyable part was solving the customers issue on their account. A typical day at work was very busy especially during holidays. I learned Amazon has just about everything you need. ", " I worked night shift which meant i slept during the day and worked at night so no social life, high volumes of products needed shipped meant it was high demanding job ", " Fast paced employment in growing company. Learned multiple positions in company. diverse employee staff management engaged in daily work ", " A typical day at amazon was always depending on who was your manager and what job you had. I learned nothing there really we did the same basic things everyday for 12 hours. My co-workers where the best part of the job they made me feel like some days the job was the best job in the world. The hardest part of the job was probably the hours we work. The best part of the job was the pay and the overtime they gave you. ", " I LEARNT A LOT ABOUT TIME MANAGEMENT,FRIENDLY CO-WORKERS, MANAGERS CAN UNDERSTAND YOUR PLIGHT (not all),COMMUNICATION IS VERY EFFECTIVE. I AM DISSAPPOINTED BECAUSE I CANT GET MY JOB MOVED TO WHERE I RELOCATED AFTER MAKING EFFORTS AND CONTACTS TO GET IT MOVED. I wonder why it is so. Honestly, if you are a fast learner, you will get a lot of experience at Amazon.Be smart,effective, time conscious and always work to please God and your conscience.avoid taking unnecessary day offs and learn how to manage your paid and unpaid times.The most enjoyable part of the work is the free gifts,raffles,bucks,and surprisingly the gift cards we got in DECEMBER.Imagine $25 gift cards for thousands of workers. ", " Good Days, Bad Days but a fun job, Just keep to yourself and work. Lost weight working here, Some good coworkers to surround yourself with. Management is alright. Busy Days are the hardest because you have to put speed in your performance. Wear comfortable shoes or  work boots or your feet will be hurting ", " working for amazon is a good opportunity. and it great money. I made 12.50 an hour. the only hard thing about working there is the standing for 10 hours. it takes a toll on your back and feet. and if your don't know anyone there than it can get a little boreding. ", " Amazon is a really awesome place to work at. The benefits are great and the team are awesome. If your a work at home mom this would be the place for you with the Amazon family. ", " I learned how to push myself to new levels of efficiency, speed and accuracy. Working at Amazon is a challenging yet satisfying place to work. Every manager there is willing to help you improve your skills in a kind and courteous manner, ", " Never a dull moment, managers always on your back trying to their own. The amount of work given to the drivers is unrealistic with no breaks. ", " Typical day at the Vitamin Shoppe Warehouse was hard work and sometimes long hours. Learned how to pick vitamins. Management was excellent. Co-worker were always fun to be around and hard workers. Hardest park of the job is when we had to work 12 hours. Being energectic ready to pick. ", " Everyday is like Day 1, i feel satisfied that i learn so much each day! Team is awesome to work with!  Very well planned sprints and a team with great dedication  :) ", " Typical day at work is hard and long. Learn how to stow and problem solve. Management is ok but unorganized. Co-workers are fun to be around. The hardest park of the job is standing on your feet 10- hours a day and working 5:30pm to 4am. The most enjoyable part of the job  is interacting with a lot of people. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a great place to work and each day holds great opportunities to have fun and to learn a different aspect of day to day operations.  I have learned what it takes to be a strong leader and how to use my talent to develop others in their roles. Leadership and Strong Organization plays a large role in being able to have a productive day. My co-workers at Amazon are hardworking and enjoyable to be around and this is what drives me to try each day to improve processes and to make working there an enjoyable experience for everyone around me. Everyone works well together in order to reach personal and job related goals. Each day brings  new opportunities and challenges. Although each day is fun and challenging the hardest part of the job is working a back/night shift.  The most enjoyable part of the job is coming in each day and learning something new about the many processes there are and passing that knowledge down to my co-workers in the building. ", " Outside of being told less than 24 hours that you will be required for mandatory overtime and that you get no future notice of being laid off from the job, working for Amazon is great!! ", " Amazon treats their employees with nothing but respect and favor. I have nothing bad to say except the over time during the Christmas season can be terrible on your personal life but should be expected do to the nature of the job. ", " its good for what it requires from you. you can dress casually if you'd like, everyone is always on the go, plenty of chances to stand out for  advancement. ", " An awesome place to work the co-workers were nice and the pay was great. The hours were long and the work was hard. The hardest part was ", " This job is terrible in the fact that the company does not care about your well-being nor your safety.  You are not viewed as a person, but only as a rate.  Being stopped by one of your bosses and asked why did you not make rate yesterday is completely normal. They also ask you what were your boundaries, but beware you better give them an amazing answer.  I told the truth, that I had to wait on someone who was qualified to use a clamp machine to sit down the product that I needed.  That answer was not good enough.  I was then told to throw safety out the window and to \"do whatever it takes to make rate.  If you need to climb on top of all the product and kick down the one you need, then do it.\"  I would rather work for a company that actually cares, and sees me as a person and not a rate.  I also would rather work for a company that cares about my safety. ", " Pros:     Learn a lot in small amount of time. Great potential employees.     Compensation is very competitive    Learn to work at very fast pace and rapidly changing environments    Benefits  Cons:     Management: Leaders use their role to risk your job if they have personal feelings against you.     Work Life Balance: You practically live at the fulfillment centers ", " Productive working environment and staff are friendly. I enjoyed that I was given straightforward tasks and if I had any problems, I would be listened to carefully. ", " It is a good job but health and saftey standards need to be checked as there was a lack of health and saftey there, management there was good as they did help you when help was needed. ", " I worked at Amazon, in the mid to late 1990's. So, it was a very different place, as was, the city of Seattle. It's not the Amazon, y'all know today.  During my employment with the Empire, it was a diverse melting pot, of Seattle's counter culture. The days were long, (10 hours), but, everyone for the most part, enjoyed what they did, and knew the benefits would pay off one day. ", " I spent 6 years at Amazon and I loved it. Great management and visibility to Jeff. You would end up learning a lot about ecommerce business. You work hard and make history - not a place where you would go for work life balance. But a place where you go to build your resume. ", " i would pack items that come off the conveyor belt for 11 hours a day i would test myself to see how fast i could go and ended up being the 4th fastest on my shift within the first week i was there ", " Its a fun place to work at, but you are on your feet the whole time and constantly moving for certain jobs. I was a picker and a stower. As a picker, you always had work. As a stower there where times where there would be no work and you would just be standing there. You meet a lot of people, nice and not so nice. ", " I am a very harder working go hard or go home I put both my feet on the floor and provide you have to get it your all when your working I have never let down boss while im at work ", " I have no complaint its a job that will allow you to work if you want to work, if not they will let you go, so work if you want too. ", " The Amazon warehouse I worked in was very productive and live.I leant a lot from the shift supervisors and enhanced my experience. ", " A typical day at work was staying productive unloading trailers on PIT equipment, minor training for new associates, and being in a \"lead\" position. I learned a lot about \"general warehouse activities\" loading and unloading product, packaging products, storing products properly. Our management could have used some work, a lot of fresh \"out of school\" managers that didn't fully understand the process in their work environment. My co-workers were amazing very friendly and helpful. The hardest part of the job was the hours (overnight). The most enjoyable part of the job were the people I worked with, they became a second family to me. ", " they dont care about their workers, the breaks were not long enough. And they never seem to attend to the workers needs. the coworkers were very friendly. but management werent as friendly. ", " Amazon mistreats a lot of their employees, but pays very good so that's pretty much the only thing good about that place. ", " My day consist of walking anywhere from 15 to 20 miles easy. I learned that you can walk this distance daily. Management does what they can to help however they will not move you to train in another area unless you are meeting rate in your own area. I thought that was silly because everyone is not good at doing the same thing. The people there are very friendly and I enjoy meeting and talking to different staff. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I've found from working here is that the culture is output oriented. If you are demonstrating success and getting your work done at a high level, they are actually extremely flexible about hours and I've found my quality of life here to be incredibly high. I work hard, certainly, but I also have a well balanced life and I love my job. ", "  \tPerform simple bin count by using a handheld scanning device  \tEnsure all items in each bin are exactly the same and cross-reference with company\u2019s intranet inventory   \tPick items from the amnesty bin and place into the corresponding bins  \tPull defective items from bins and place for either destroy or repair by assessing the amount of damage to the item ", " One of the best places to work great benefits. Fun team members and very very busy so be ready to work your tail off but have fun while youre doing it. ", " Amazon has a culture of moving fast and exceeding expectations.  The best part about Amazon is that feeling of being pushed to your limit and being forced to grow. Everything moves quickly so you need to be on your toes. The hardest part is learning when its ok to push back. No you don't have to work weekends; yes you can take a day off without feeling guilty. Once you realize that its an incredible place to work. ", " Enjoyable work and company but the break times and traffic can be hectic. I wish the university environment communicated, reached out more. SYNERGY ! ", " amazon had so much wrong with it. the only thing good about working there was the pay. you would get paid weekly and during the holiday season you would work mandatory overtime. ", " It's all about the customers.  Packages must be delivered to them.  On the night shift it is imperative that everything goes out and everything is processed accordingly. ", " Pure and utter chaos in the Fulfillment Centers. Unfair, discriminatory, and harassing work environment. The owner is so far out of touch with what's happening throughout that it's pathetic. ", " Amazon has amazing fun daily getting results with customers and employees alike. The atmosphere was genuine, fun. The company and management always showed care and concern for whatever you're experiencing , professionally and personally. ", " The typical day in the department I worked in consisted of a start meeting which included stretching and discussing certain calendar items for the day. Then you set off to work. Walking 10-12 miles a day there were plenty of water coolers to keep yourself hydrated and also great break rooms. ", " My night shift would consist of walking around the Amazon building for over 9 Hours each night for a minimum of 5 nights a week, it was very tiring and boring. I felt like Amazon didn't care about their workers and how they might feel as long as deadlines were being met they were happy. ", " amazon is a very open and great place to work. a very punctual and fun workplace seasoned administration so they knew exactly when and if I had a problem with my work. constructive criticism allowed me to become a better worker and not feel pressured if I made a mistake. ", " Learned a great deal of the warehouse process. Stocking, receiving and sorting product to be stored within the warehouse. ", " i think there great as a company when it comes to online orders but for there temp agency they are not professional, rude and give that company a bad name. They have associates working there and i feel like they don't know whats going on around them. I also had a check bounce more than four times and still had to wait for ever to get one. You have a full 10 hour shift but a 30 min lunch. ", " learned group skills and team work. co workers were sometimes stiff and boring. sometimes have fun there. hardest part was in stow it took to long. ", " Typical work week was four, ten hour a days (changed to Five 11 hour days during peak)  As a picker we would have a start up twice a shift before our shift started and after lunch.  This is where different managers would tell us about our goals for the day and any other information regarding safety or events going on.  Once start up was over we would go on our way to a designated spot we received through our handheld.  The handheld would tell us where to go what to pick and in the time frame we needed to pick it.  Once we picked the item we then put it in a tote on our cart.  Once the tote was full we put the whole tote on a conveyor belt for shipment. The hardest part of the job is the length of the shift it require walking, standing, bending, climbing stairs for the entire shift under a strict deadline.  The enjoyable part of the job was you were always moving so it made time go by fast.  Also management gave out prizes daily for top pickers, attendance, staying for whole shift.  Co workers were all great to get along with everyone sticks to themselves and does his/her own work. ", " my review is that its a good place to work, good payish I suppose, good banter, hot food is a plus, pool table ect in canteen, ", " I enjoy working at Amazon's Fulfillment Center.  The place is large, very active, and people from all walks of life tend to work well together. ", " Working for Amazon was a very pleasant experience. The managers and workers were very friendly and helpful. The staff was very understanding and patient with everyone. ", " I am currently employed with this company and i have read some of the reviews from other people who used to work here or work here now and i'm so surprised.  I love it here.  I have a family and i get to see my family we work 4 days and have 3 days off.  I work in receiving and there are so many aspects in receiving you can work in ISS or the dock or the line, problem solve, prep.  I want to learn more about my FC but i like receiving.  They don't give us any shift changes because we are over employed but now I am going to try outbound so I can get the days I want.  Too many people cry about the hours and breaks and money. I make good money my checks are good and during peak they are great.  For peak I only had to work a month of 5 11 hour days that was it.  I wanted more. You know before you even except the job what is expected of you.  If you can stand for more then 8 hours dont take the job why cry about it.  Yes you work but isnt that what we get paid to do? I love coming here and seeing the faces of the many people I have met yes there are attitudes but believe me the managers will weed out the bad and keep the willing and hard working ones.  They have great benefits and we have vacation time unpaid time and paid time.  If we dont feel like coming in we don't even have to call out we just dont come in.  How many people have that at their jobs.  I am a problem solver now and I love figuring out things and why the packages dont work. I have tried for the PA position and I havent been inclined yet but I sure dont' give up it just shows me they want good people in the leading ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> positions which I'm working hard to get.  There is a lot of room for growth here its what you make of it.  If you complain all the time about the breaks and the long hours then get another job.  I'm sure there are a lot of people that would give anything to work here. I mean they even give us free shares of stock.  they have leave time they work with us with any given problems we have outside of work.  I have seen people come and go and it's sad because its not a hard job at all. If you like to play around and associate with others all the time then this isnt the job for you.  We are expected to work when we come to work the 10 hours go by so fast no matter what your job title is.  I give props to Amazon for giving me a chance to show what I can do and be praised for all we do.  they give us free Xboxes Iphones and gift cards for us during peak as we work hard. What other company does that?  I just needed to share my experience with Amazon because I am proud to say I work for a company that appreciates their workers.  Believe me if you go over and beyond your job title they do recognize that and they make it known. At least my managers do.  Thank you and i hope you all have a great day. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " *Involves me participating in Stand-Up, where everyone is briefed about the day's goals. Then 2 hours of picking, 15min break, 2 hours and 45 minutes of picking, 30 minute lunch, stand-up, 2 hours and 15 minutes of picking, 15min break, and finally 2 and a half hours of picking. *Learned how to walk effectively to minimize muscle ache and fatigue. How to mentally occupy myself during a really long period of simple yet tedious work.  *Management worked really fast to report errors, time-off task, not making rate, etc. A lot of really nice and understanding managers. Safety is top priority. *Co-workers were usually tired and depressed due to the type of work. However some were motivating in their hard-work and friendly in their attitude. *Worst part is the policing, there is almost no room for error. Getting fired is way too easy and the strictness really causes stress. *The simplicity of the job is the best part. Always know what to do, where to be, and help is always nearby in the form of a fellow worker. ", " learned different kind of work .which help me to develop different kind of skills in me and .also learned how to work in a fast base environment ", " I enjoy working here. I feel my opinion is valued and there is room for advancement. I have meet many nice people. I really like how diverse the population of employees is. ", " - you learn something new everyday  - fast pace work place  - kind and friendly co- workers  - have to finish you work at a timely manner  - decent management team ", " i learned to do pick witch i didn't knew about until Amazon. the best part of working at Amazon was to know many people from different parts of the world. The hardest part was  that i had to travel long way to work. ", " Amazon offers a pleasant working job , working in a team, quality comes first. In amazon I learn: - to scan the items correctly in good condition and putting them in the system; - to packing the items for delivery. ", " More than 200 parcels in harrow or wembley lot of parking tickets, low salary, 10-12 hours per day.Not recommended at all. ", " You have to structure you're role yourself and have to have very good time keeping in order to remain on top of it. Adhoc activities appear daily an need attention.  Good job but very dependent on your manager like all places. ", " I'd rather not just be prepared to work long hours very hard. They pay good so if you are used to this kind of work. I don't feel like telling you more just experience it for yourself. ", " Opening boxing checking for damaged items. Counting and Scanning items making sure the were going to the right customers. ", " THE WORST!!!!!!! People always injured, management very disrespectful, also, the pay for the slave work you have to accomplish day in and day out is horrible. ", " Not much changes between day to day but management isn't very concerned with fixing any problems or barriers that you have. ", " the building in all was a good place to work. there management team just made you not want to come back to work. but i feel that the workers are very caring and make you happy to be there ", " The company expects you to stand and/or walk up to 10 hours a day. The employees are under appreciated, the pay isn't great, the benefits are medocre. Management is very slow to respond to employee needs. ", " At first and on paper Amazon seems like a great place to work but the pay isnt good enough for the work. they start at $12.25 and you top out in alittle over 2 years with 14$. The scheduled are not too bad but some weeks working four 10 hour shifts get tiring. but if you are going to school they can accommodate your schedule  lunch break is only 30min and you get 2 breaks that are 10min each  they over work employees and you are always on rate. ", " The only way to advance there is to be willing to step on others and have no empathy or think for yourself. The pay and benefits aren't too bad and for the most part the people are good people until you get into upper management. The most enjoyable part of the job is the three day weekends and the hardest part is having to look over your shoulder in fear of the perception of doing something wrong. It was a good opportunity to get to know about and work on the types of equipment that they have. ", " Working here is not bad as far as the job duties is related.  On the other hand management is very poor.  Managers need to be fair to all workers across the board. ", " They give you alot of run around. You are always learning new things. It is a very fast paced job with alot of heavy lifting. I love the job but it is time to look into a career. ", " bad management you wrote up for anything they have favortisim only thing good about the job and the job security and the benefits other then that the job is a waste ", " At Amazon they make you work hard, environment can be tough and they expect you to overcome your limits by setting hard goals. Especially peak demand times are hard ones. At the same time you can meet really smart people there. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Its an ok place to work but I have gone as high as I can in the company without a bachlore degree and they are in a wage freeze. ", " A typical day at work would be started by stretching at Stand-Up while managers involved the associates with updates, achievements, goals and upcoming events. After, I would go to my packing station and make sure my station is completely stocked and set up, and i log into the system to begin packing out orders. Co-workers were just as busy but still very friendly and helpful. Hardest part of the job would have to be standing for 10 hours while continuing a repetitive process and making a rate of 100 units per hour. The most enjoyable part would be the environment and feeling part of a team when participating in power hours and everyone tried their best to do their jobs as fast as they could, my highest rate reached was around 160 units per hour. I loved to challenge myself and always try to pack faster then i ever had before and faster then most of my fellow packers on my line. Surpassing my goals was always the best reward. ", " Self motivated, hard working and proactive. Always keen to learn and gain new skills. Good team player and always willing to help others. ", " Superb company to work for- while there you are given 2 weeks of comprehensive training which equips you to do the job with confidence. Great support network of management, colleagues and an escalations team so you're never left in the dark.  Only qualm would be due to the nature of their business they cannot provide any guarantee of a job after December. Its such a great environment and atmosphere this can leave you very dispirited. ", " I would get to work at 6:30 PM and leave around 5 AM. A typical day was you would get to your work station where there is a computer and you log on. And you get a customer return box off the line and see if the item is sellable or non sellable. If the item can be made sellable then you make it sellable, but if the item is so destroyed that you can't make it sellable then you have to put it in destroy. You had a production rate you had to meet every day. ", " Great company. Infact feel proud to work with Amazon. Great learning experience. New industry for me. Provide space to learn and execute new ideas ", " I first applied to Zappos/Amazon. As of September first, Amazon took over all of Zappos. That's when we lost insurance benefits, discounts, free lunch, and most of all our Zappos culture. The Leads and temp services are very uptight. ", " I enjoyed working for Amazon its pay and hrs were great. A lot of work but wasn't hard, they want you to keep up high ratings with shipping assignments. When it seems like your number ratings are good they want better. They really make you work for the money that you make. But over all it was a good job. ", " Amazon is a good place to work at with good pay and benefits. Everything at this job is easy to learn and do. You can really rearn alot of things there at amazon. Everyone there gets along and you can make alot of new friends. ", " Always busy, so the ten hours went by fast. There are multiple different processes that you have the opportunity to learn, so everyday could be different. You get to choose a benefits package that best fits you. All around, fun company to work for. ", " order select ,build pallets, wrap pallets for shipping on your feet for a four hour shift some over time but it a good part time job ", " On a typical day I would be very busy. I learned how to pick items in a certain amount of time. The manger was friendly. My co-workers were the same also. ", " fast days , great pay . Good hours and amazing benefits . A lot of overtime available when needed . Smx paychecks every week. Amazon every 2 weeks . ", " Amazon is a secure job with very productive work place. It has decent pay and great benefits. However poor management and even worse co-workers ", " Not for lazy people.  All types of people and most managers are willing to work with you. Liberal benefits.  They will cross train you for different departments and offer transfer frequently. ", " Recommended   , selected and helped locate and obtain out-of-stock product based on customer requests. Resolved product issues and shared benefits of new technology .Worked under strict deadlines and responded to service request and emergency call outs. ", " Great Job Overall. Employees are hardworking people that got the job done and met the requirements everyday.  Managers were okay. Not all of them knew how to manage a team properly. ", " They provide their associates dignity. The co-workers are helping one another. The management is good they care about their employees and always provide safety while at work on the floor. ", " Alot of work everyday. Little assistance from peers. Co-workers are good. There are not much get -together team session. Life revolves around work. Employee benefits are minimal as frugality is one of the leadership principals at Amazon.  As an intern I learnt alot about the working of a big company also enhance my skill set. ", " a typical day at work at amazon its ok I leanred to move at a really fast pace their management is great all of my co workers was fine the hardest part of the job is continuing to move fast after you get a lil tired the most enjoyable part of the job is when the day is over and when checks come out. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " nice job friendly enviornment  loved the time and opportunities I had while working for amazon. they showed that they cared about the employees which I really liked. ", " Teamwork is preached but not truly expected, nor practiced. If you are not a sycophant, you will not advance. It is a meat-grinder designed to suck you dry of all you can offer and then spit you out and move on to fresh meat. ", " enjoyed working here there is always room for growing in the company and becoming apart of the management team. although the hours are long and strenuous, it was a fun work environment ", " Amazon is stressful work environment. There idea of production is to threaten their workers with a write up if they do not produce the numbers that are wanted for the day. They promise bonuses to the workers and then do not deliver and proceed to blame the workers for why they did not receive them. Advancement opportunities are slim as they do not look at your resume or skills. They base their promotions on not what you know but who. ", " I'm thankful to Amazon,because those 6 weeks I worked there , helped me a lot in my life,I was working with positive persons,I was learning english there ,I forgot about some problems. ", " This place is great!  No dress code means you can be as comfortable as you want, as long as it is done tastefully.  Amazon has modern equipment that works well and the facilities are immaculate.    If you are not aware, Amazon is an online retailer where various companies post their goods for sale.  Amazon handles the payment and shipping, and as such, most of the calls you get are people that have bought something and have not gotten it or have a problem with it.  There are more technical departments devoted to Kindle e-Readers and tablets, if you are diagnostically inclined.  This employer does not require that every moment of your existence is spent focusing on work, as evidenced by the Game Room.  I would show up for work a little early and stay a little late, just to get in a round of billiards or ping-pong.  Your employment will begin with a temporary position, with the goal of attaining a permanent position(also known as Blue Badge).  Do not miss a single minute of work while a temporary employee.  You never know if a freak motor vehicle accident will require you to use the three days they allow.   They pride themselves in customer service, though.  If you forget your lunch one day and get a bit cranky with somebody wondering where their headphones are...  you'll be dismissed. ", " All the cons you read about this place is absolutely true. The management are young people with no people skills and no experience. They are very rude, unsociable, and can't provide answers to any of your questions. They are like zombies walking around with laptops. Very sad.The employees are mostly young inexperienced people who are lazy or never worked  before. ", " I have always enjoyed coaching and mentoring of people. This  has been a passion of mine since starting my career in the call centre and use other peoples weakness to develop my strengths. I am passionate about work and always ensure that I leave only when I am happy with the effort I put in for the day. I have learnt of ways to understand individuals and work together with people on their developments. ", " i liked amazon because you felt part of the team the moment you walked through the door.I liked the hours and the team leaders they were always helpful.I would work there again. ", " its a really good place to work , it is enjoyable to work when we have a lot  thing to do ,i have a lot friends in there , everybody is nice ", " A typical day was a 10 hour shift, with 3 breaks(2 paid.), it was my first warehouse experience and I was very impressed in the efficiency and diligence they gave to the process and trying to improve it for safety and production. My co-workers were average joes that were easy to get along with and relatable. The hardest part of the job was the first 3 hours and the last 3 hours, they dragged on and sometimes you needed to push yourself through them but afterwards the day seemed to breeze by. The most enjoyable part of the job was Getting to see interesting items either conveyed, or brought into the warehouse, taking a few seconds to look it over and getting back to work, sometimes if the item was interesting enough you write it down and look for it on Amazon.com. A close second on interesting is the Robotics department, and that speaks for itself. ", " the company is a good place to work if you want to be lazy and not care about the customers needs. seems to be no sense of urgency among most of the associates ", " I really do love working at Amazon! I love the people that I work with! I am in school right now and I just need something with better hours. ", " i did enjoy working here, I learned some warehoude skills and health and safety skills about working in the warehouse although I found lunch time very unreasonable. 30 mins was not long enough considering the amount of people waiting on lunch ", " High level of individual effort required. Great people work here. The culture and work ethic are changing, can be challenging at times ", " I would still be there if amazon would have kept things the same as zappos when they took over.  with zappos things were more laid back and you didn't feel like you were walking on egg shells all the time.  with amazon you were also afraid they were going to fire you if you didn't hit production for a day. ", " This company is great, working your way up is why Amazon looses so many amazing people. I do feel it is a great work life balance, but even if I worked harder my efforts wouldn't be recognized or appreciated from a fiscal perspective. ", " I have learn to be punctual and focus on the job and have learn the true value of team work.  The Managers are all down to earth People, who roll thier sleeves up to get the job done.  The Hardest Part of the Job is driving home early morning from job after a long night shift. ", " good job love management just really not any room to move up being that the positions are always full. hours can be unpredictable. Might get off an hour early might be an hour late you will never know ", " my all time favorite job i loved everything about this. riding a forklift is where i started and i enjoyed every bit of it. awesome company with amazing growth. for sure a keeper. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " i did enjoy working here, I learned some warehoude skills and health and safety skills about working in the warehouse although I found lunch time very unreasonable. 30 mins was not long enough considering the amount of people waiting on lunch ", " Overall a very poor place to work. Very disorganised and repetative robotic work. The hours were fair but the constant push to improve performance was not welcomed by all who worked there.  I feel that a company the size of Amazon could value their staff more by giving a bit more feedback in a positive manner.  They recruit via agencies to take unemployed people on as they receive incentives from the goverment.  They then push people to reach unrealistic targets which in turn has an affect on their well being and work/life balance.  You can be penalised for almost anything that does not take to their liking.  I would never recommend anyone to work there even if it was was upwards of \u00a320 per hour. ", " Standing for 10 hours. Coworkers are amazing. Managing to not mess up. Make rate. Meeting amazing cowrkers there. best part about the job is the people. worst part about the job is the rate. ", " My day start off by preparing work, I create batches and distribute the work load every 11/2 to 2 hours in a 10 hour work day. I also resolve any variance that may occur, such as erroneous products received or incorrect quantity. The management is awesome but precise. The job is easy and stress free but there is times where the bottle neck process can be intense but that occurs mostly during peek season. ", " The pay in this company was good, but I that was about it. I never knew how long I was going to be working there since it was a seasonal position. No one seemed to know anything and everyone has something different to say, including management. They would change the schedule last minute. ", " I have never experienced mind games and bullying more in my entire life than I did in my three months at Amazon. I had a manager who was under budget restrictions who needed to get rid of one person on the team, and I was very quickly labeled as the person that needed to go. I was being actively sabotaged by members of my own team, struggled to find support and help in doing things I had never done before, and by the time I left, I was having daily panic attacks and was severely depressed (neither were pre-existing conditions). The pay was fairly high for the area that I was working in, but all that got me was a guarantee of having to move back into my parent's house after resigning. They also offer generous relocation and a signing bonus. Don't be fooled. I am now contractually obligated to pay every cent of that back because I lasted for less than a year. I hope this is the worst employment experience I ever have because I can't imagine anything worse. ", " Before the start of a shift we would have stand up they would give us a station an we get to work we had to process 230 items per hour an i would always reach my goal. I learned how to communicate more with my co workers. the hardest part for me was the long 12 hour shifts. ", " Very simple job and managers. Just do your job properly and no one gonna bother you. Perfect place for people who don't like to be disturbed by other people. Managers there are very polite and thankful. ", " once an employee at amazon it becomes a second family which is what i like in a job and or career. i liked that i was always bus. they also work with you if you have family issues out of the blue they are understanding and caring when you are a single parent with an infant. ", " I'd rather not just be prepared to work long hours very hard. They pay good so if you are used to this kind of work. I don't feel like telling you more just experience it for yourself. ", " This company lacks communication skills. No one department knows what the other is doing. Very difficult to confide and work with associates. ", " I have learned to manage my time during the routes that I've made . This job made me more responsible and confident . The most enjoyable part of the job was greeting with the customers . ", " Amazon sadly was one of the worst employers I have ever had.  The shifts were ten hours long and supervisors monitored every minute of our productivity.  This included going as far as counting the minutes it would take for us to use the restroom.  Amazon had an uncomfortable obsession with the speed of your work (management designated this our \"rate\") to the point where your own quality of work would suffer.  Managers constantly threatened demotions if associates did not \"make rate\".  Usually this was some absurd productivity standard that would periodically get more demanding.  Mandatory overtime was announced with outrageously late notice on numerous occasions, negatively impacting important appointments and family obligations.   Amazon offers great deals for their customers, unfortunately that's largely made possible by how poorly their employees at treated. ", " I was hired by their staffing agency Integrity Staffing Solutions. I'd show up, clock in, grab a scanner, and go to the center of the warehouse for the pre-shift warm-up. Then I'd grab a cart and a tote and get to work picking orders. I'd walk between 15 and 30 miles a day. ", " Hard busy working day early start late finish but  but loved the job could earn extra if I wanted too. all my mates got a job there easy to get into ", " the best part about the job there is the people they can keep it fun but other then that its a pretty hard job. was a good place to work and is crazy in the holiday season. ", " This job taught me how to efficiently meet goals at a fast and challenging pace. My co-workers were very nice to work and talk with. ", " A typical day at work for me is very long 10 hr shifts can get very hectic at times. But I love my job I love the employees the work everything. Amazon has a lot to offer there employees and I love that! ", " As a technical accounts management associate, my job was to answer phones and assist merchants in putting their product for sale on the Amazon.com website. I learned a great deal about on line sales and working with spreadsheets. This job was fun, but I did notice that the younger employees were the ones moving up regardless of their skill or hire date. Most all of the Team managers were helpful and fun to work with. I really enjoyed the casual atmosphere and fun competitions between departments. Management was very in tune with keeping morale high. ", " The job was challeging and demanding.  Work involved picking and scanning items from warehouse inventory.  Learned how to read bar codes and determine which were correct and which had mistakes.  The hardest part of the job was learning to not make mistakes. The most enjoyable part was reaching my pick goals. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a unique company in which you can make history in nearly every role. A typical day at amazon would be arriving and clocking in, finding a station, and starting your work as soon as possible. They allow two 15 minute breaks and one 30 minute lunch. The walk to your break areas are definitely confined to at least 10 minutes. Most people there are nice and wonderful; however,needs major improvement on leadership training. If you like playing games it's the place to be. The schedules were great depending on what best suit your work  week.  Learning the Kiva robotic system was one of the best experience.The management (HR, etc.) is hit or miss. They treat  and talk to you like you're an obtuse child. This job was ok, the younger employees were the ones coming in and moving up regardless of their skill or hire date. ", " The pay is good for what is expected of you. Management is unorganized when work picks up and during late November into December for the holidays. No real position advancement. Very good benefits. Shift is 10 hours long at 4 days a week. ", " typical day consisted of 12 hour shifts,the more i worked the more i learned about my job,the management was always very helpful when a problem came up to solve,the co-workers were nice and friendly,the hardest part of the job was being very fast paced,the most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new friends ", " The only good thing I can say is that you get paid.  Everything else shows that this place doesn't know how to run or be fair to the people who work there. for example, I brought up the issue that some of the storages areas were not open to stow things in about half way through my time there and seeing as I was working during the run up to Christmas, all possible storage space is needed. These bins were never opened even though the lead said they would get them opened as soon as they could showing that the higher ups only pretend to listen to what stowers says are the big problems with where they work. ", " I learned many things and the hard part of this job is to stand up all the time and the co-workers are very kind. The management is very good ", " Its a fast paced work environment. You have to be ready to walk a lot. Not a lot of time to sit down and rest but if you like fast paced productivity this is the job for you. It is also fun because you can work independently but there is a lot of other employees you can interact with as well. ", " Fun and fast-paced place to work. Learned a lot in the time that I've been there. Learned how to audit and oversee my own team of auditors. Great co-workers. ", " loading van sorting out paper work delivering parcels.i also was dsp there sorting routes out solving problems out with drivers helping drivers load van ", " I currently work in LEX2, which is the Returns warehouse. My normal shift consists of processing returned items and determining whether or not the item is able to be resold or stowed away. Other parts of the job include receiving the boxes and removing the papers, packing peanuts, and bubble wrap from the boxes and sending them down the line. The job itself is monotonous and can be boring and tedious at times. The only pro about this job is that I was hired in as an Amazonian, which means I don't have to put up with the temporary agency BS along with Amazon's BS. It's also the only reason I've stayed at this job as long as I have.   The management aren't bad people, but they sorely lack basic leadership and people skills. They're almost always looking at their computers and not walking the floor unless there's some sort of urgency to get more returns down the line or to give you 'feedback' on your performance. Rate is nearly impossible to meet unless you 'cherry pick' or do other things that are not allowed in Amazon's guidelines. And their rate is 100% or above and 41 units per hour, which means if you're at 99.99 percent rate, you can still be coached as if you're at 60 percent or something. In other words, you can miss rate by very little, and be treated like you're a slacker. It's garbage and that guideline needs to change. The only time anything gets done is if you can find a manager to talk to, and even then, it's rare something gets taken care of in a timely manner.   There's also a clash of cultures in the warehouse. Many people are rude and bump into you and rarely ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> apologize. Also, those that are in Process Guide roles or Problem Solving either have limited English speaking skills or none at all, which can lead to some conflict. Also, those that audit our returns don't go by consistent guidelines, but by what they consider sell-able merchandise or unsaleable. I've been at this job for 4 months and can safely tell you that I can perform any job in that place with proper training, yet it seems like the more eager you are to advance, the harder they make it on you to do so.   Regardless, Amazon is bigger than Walmart and the job security makes me feel at peace. I also really enjoy the UPT and PTO that you can use at your leisure, but don't go into the negative with UPT or you'll be submitted for termination. I currently have 60+ hours worth of UPT and a couple of hours of PTO, so I'm in great shape when it comes to the winter weather and other factors that may keep me from reporting to work.   Bottom line: Management doesn't have any connection with the associates and most are micromanaged until they're fired or they quit. I couldn't imagine being a temporary worker and dealing with both sides of management where coachings happen on a regular basis and there's usually never any real positive feedback other than saying, 'Good job\" every so often. ", " Good place to work. Good benefits and great hours, The jobs arent that hard to do and as long as your on time and do the right thing you will succeed. ", " deliver customer orders to customers safely and in a timley manner. Knowledge of gps and area streets is helpful. LOve this job. ", " On a normal day at Amazon it was always busy with people everywhere. You don't meet your managers until you mess up you should meet them on the first day so you know who to go to. The hardest part of the job was getting charts with boxes that doesn't work . ", " Too much lies, good start paying rate benefits perks but they said it was 6 months and then lay off the people that work hard for them during christmas... ", " The hardest part of the job were the short breaks we received. The schedules were great depending on what best suit your week ", " its very hard work u have fun at the same time it was a good place to work at. we did alot we work hard the people are friendly the days go by fast i enjoy working at amazon ", " Working at amazon was okay. It was hard maintain because I never worked at a warehouse before but I got used to it. I learned how too multitask more and how to work in a fast-pace environment ", " its ok if you need the money, they will hire you quick and fire you as fast as they hire you if your not on your P's and Q's.                                                 thats all i have to really say about amazon, they pay good if you work every hour of the week plus over time. ", " Amazon is an excellent employer. It offers a great compensation with plenty of opportunity for growth. They truly drive and stand behind the culture of being the most customer centric company in the world. They encourage risk taking in developing the business, keeping in mind the risk is centered around improving the customer experience. ", " The work place is decent as well as the employees. Within my short time of employment I have learned a few more operational skills that I am sure will benefit my future endeavors. ", " Learn something new everyday. Management and above do not exactly make you feel good about your job, sometimes all they care is about making daily goals, not too much about our safety. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Shifts are 4 hours long but can be flexed down or up according to business needs. Most people at work are cool including management. We have free gatorade, an arcade machine (pacman &amp; galaga) flat screen tvs, vending machines, microwaves and two breakrooms. sadly, our breaks are 15 mins in total but we actually only get to use 10 mins to ourselves and there are no full-time positions until you advance to management. ", " I would give this facility a 10/10 because everyone in the different departments know how to keep things moving and with limited downtime. The skills i learned here are wonderful skills to have and with the help of other team members made the work a lot less stressful.  management is awesome they are always willing to help people out and if you need questions answered they are there to answer them or direct you to someone that does know. typical work day loading boxes on to a trailer, sorting, loading pallets with overflow packages, lots of standing and walking but overall easy to do and getting the knowledge of how things work and operate.  the hardest part of the job is getting used to the fast pace and willing to just jump in to any situation that might arise most enjoyable part is making new friends and getting to know the other departments and how the facility works as one big,well oiled machine to get customers orders out on time and delivered as expected ", " I went to work with pleasure. I work hard in friendly environment.   My time there was flying. I made a lots of new friends. The security and management were on great level. I was feeling safe on my working place. ", " First time working in a factory/warehouse and must admit it was a great experience. Sadly it was only temporary but would've loved a permanent job with them. ", " I left because economically there wasn't a financial future.  I was a tipped employee with my base rate of pay at 7.40 per hour. It just wasn't enough to live off realistically and the environment was more and more depressing in my opinion. ", " Enjoyable to work with the community and the co workers.  Management could have been better.  It was a great enviorment until I was pregnant with my second child.  Could have been better leave covered. ", " Throughout the Shift, you will walk about 20 miles. The shifts are about 10-11 hours long. Amazon is a HUGE place and there's thousands of people working there. Most of the time you won't have time to talk and socialize with any co-workers. It's a great place to work. You will come to know that there's all kinds of items and things that you've never heard of and at times you will be shocked by some things you find. ", " Meet at your department and begin assignment . I learned how to strategically pick ,pull ,ship orders.The co workers where a great help to my knowledge of the job.The hardest part of the job was the commute.The best thing was the overtime pay. ", " come ready to work. come with alot of energy. and make sure you force your fluids .. be on time everyday ready to work period!! ", " fun place to work for. you will get all the hours that you desire, not enough room for advancement.you have to oppertunity to cross train in a bunch of other departments. ", " The company is great but they also have some policy restrictions that a representative can't grant to customers, such as if there package isnt delivered in a timely manner we arent able to grant them the full refund for irt. The customers of Amazon are extremely spoiled and they feel as though as a representative we are the post office or ups and we know that we can get there package to them. Then you have to contact management and they cant give you a straight answer and it goes back to the policy on what we can offer. You have to apologize and show empathy and then if its from a third party the waiting process for a customers refund takes two weeks and once again we have to explain the process.  I'm a great agent when it comes to problem solving but when a package isnt delivered this one is pretty tough. I've worked for pretty stressful companies but this one by far has me questioning ", " No skills required.  Physical taxing.  10 hour work days.  Overtime required peak season 11 hour days (5 days/weekly) standing all day.  Four levels of work stations.  Stair climbing required.  Insanely hot in summer months. ", " Good working environment, excellent colleagues and good benefits. The management is understanding and supportive. ", " To work for Amazon is like being a slave and all you are to them is a number.  You are treated unfairly as well as its a target driven workplace ", " Outbound shipdock worker lord truck up all of them and keep line clean and help all over the warehouse  Management are some time they help and they dont help at all  Co-worker ar the best at the job  When you get backed up wit alot of wrk ", " what ive learned working at amazon is that you have to know interact with people. things I learned while working here was stow, pick, receive, learned how to drive the walkie, orderpicker, tugger , standup, clamp truck, an the reach truck ", " It was an easy going experience, but it was a tough job to do. Standing and walking for ten hours can get difficult but a hard days work is what got me through. Loved working there. ", " i loved working with amazon . the people were amazing and the work flow was great. the only down side was the long hours. The management was very good and they helped with a lot of questions that i had and they helped with anything that i needed. ", " Amazon is the hands down worst job I've ever had. They have ridiculous conditions and have a warehouse so full of junk that it makes it hard to even do your job correctly. ", " Picking and Packing orders Loading and off loading goods Checking for damaged or missing items storing goods Moving stock around by hand Keeping records of stock Keeping paperwork up to date Cleaning work areas   I've learnt many skills working in a warehouse such as time management and working with other team members to for-fill our daily duties. This has enabled me to work further on my communication skills and work ethic for the near future. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Nice environment to work. All managers are very co-operative and helpful with all employees as well as HR team. We are working as a team to complete any task. ", " I have been working at Amazon.com full-time.think big, and create something new. Competitive salary and benefits with other major tech companies. 100% self motivating work environment. No dress code and 4 legged friends are welcome.  Stack ranking is a horrible practice since it's rife with favoritism. It's also not Amazonian in that it's not data based (arbitrarily designating a certain percentage of employees that must be put on performance management isn't a data driven criterion) and it's not frugal (effectively forcing an individual out of the company in one division who would make the grade in another is either retaining someone who doesn't\u2026 ", " its ok. long hours and no life but the money was good. i think if you are going to apply for this job be ready to not have time for anything else. ", " work 10 hours a day with half an hour dinner break and two 15 minutes break. Worked Wednesday to Saturday. Co- workers were great with one another ", " The pay was good.  The work was easy.  I liked the staff.  The management in the work position was fair (but they sometimes talked to us like we were children).  The problem I had was with HR.  They changed too many things that they had told me, in writing.  I tried to discuss what was promised.  My concerns were dismissed.  This was a temporary job and I needed employment so I went with it.  No worker should have to \"go with it,\" when it comes to issues a company contractually agreed to.  It was a good job with good pay.  They're well organized but the promises that they didn't follow through with were disappointing to me. ", " Fantastic Company. they gave me the hours I needed while i took care of my child. I worked from home so I only spoke to the manager ", " Managing the business for 2 footwear brands. Learnt a lot, worked on all functions and across geographies. Great team and co-workers, supportive culture. ", " I personally feel there are better companies to work for. I was put on night shift and promised I could change to day shift after 4 weeks. After 4 long weeks of no sleeping and eating and working long hours, I applied for day shift. Amazon advised I would need a doctors note as well as seeing one of their doctors. After bother doctors advised my body couldn't handle night shift, they put me on the day shift for a couple of days. I received a call advising I need to go back to working nights or I would be paid off. ", " I learned how to run a warehouse department as well as gained knowledge about others. I learned about the whole operation and the battles that each level of employment fights everyday.  Management was friendly and reasonable but demands long hours.  The best part of this job are the co-workers and the hardest part would be the long hours. ", " Overall rating*  Job Work/Life Balance  Compensation/Benefits  Job Security/Advancement  Management  Job Culture it is a great job I like working there I likewhat I do I like my shift I like my bosses I like my co workers ", " A typical day at work consisted of different job roles depending in which department I was needed. Whether I was packing( recieving the items and packing them to be send to the shipping bay), picking (locating the item and sending it of to packing via a conveyor belt), receiving ( scanning all the goods into the amazon system so it shows how much stock they have) or stow ( putting the item into storage read to get picked).   what I learned from this experience was that working as a team and a fast paced team I important to develop the constant speed to ensure that the customer gets there package/s on time. Also I learned that sometimes you have to start slow as making errors would effect the outcome of the production line and could effect the parcel delivery time.  the management was set out well and would always help when I would ask. the hardest part off this job would be al the waling and lifting as in a 10 hour shift 4 days a week is going take its toll on your body and would effect you mentally slightly towards the end of the week    The most enjoyable part of this job would of been being a apart of a production line no matter what part I was on I could go home and say I helped so many customers get what the wanted delivered on time and without me it might not of been possible. ", " A typical day at work would be inconsistent work being provided for us some nights through out the work days which would lead to some people becoming \"Time Off Task\" because they're struggling to find work on one level. ", " You are required to start work immediately after announcements and stretches. I have learned a great deal in the year and 2 months working there. I have learned the basic work functions of a few departments and have learned how to solve basic associates problems by being a problem solver and using various computer programs to do so. Management is okay, you got to be careful because they keep a watchful eye on you. Hardest part of the job is lifting 50+lbs. boxes and the most enjoyable part of the job is helping other and being recognized for your hard work. ", " Warehouse job. My job consisted of inventory. Checking bins, boxes, pallets to make sure that everything was in its right place. ", " As an employee you get very little down time. Rates have to be made in order to secure job. Not a recommended job for older people. ", " The managers are rude and did not productively run the building. They did not care about their employees and often made unnecessary remarks. Would get upset when someone did not know how to do something though it is their job to teach when they often did not do. ", " I have learned multiple positions. I was able to take time I needed with my son while he had emergency surgery and didn't lose my position at work. You get advancement opportunities weather it is staying with the company or advancing to a career that you love. You are given a rate to which you need to meet which helps keep you productive as well as it is manageable to accomplish. We were allotted time that we can use at our convenience for emergencies or just needing a personal day off without it interfering with our job placement. Management is easy to talk to. You work hard which in my opinion is a benefit. ", " The culture at Amazon is atrocious. They let you know immediately that they do not trust you. Also from day one you are expected to meet performance standards... with very little training. ", " I've started to work for Amazon as a packer which was very interesting for me since i have never worked in a warehouse before. In a short time period i made some training's for picking, rebin and process guide. It was a very busy place in December and a lot of people working on a temporary contract just like me so maybe that's why the management could't handle all the requests. I had so much fun working with my co-workers there. The job was not hard at all but getting to work was taking me more than two hours.The best thing there was the fact i had discount's for the products. ", " I like to work with this company because I never see here discrimination and everybody is happy to work with smile ,I understand much more and I learn nearly everything in short time "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Very fast pace , Customer service importance , Business needs, Team work , Overcoming obs-tickles , Knowing our team got the job done on time . ", " I would clock in at 6:30am and we would then go to morning stand up to talk about the days goals, then at 9:00am we get a fifteen minute break. At noon it was time for lunch for 30 minutes then we did our midday stand up. last break is at 3:00pm then I would go home at 6:00pm.  I learned how to pick items in under 9 seconds.  Management was fair and willing to listen  My co-workers keep to theirselves  The hardest part was keeping up my pace of an item every nine seconds.  The most enjoyable part of my job was at the end of the day and seeing how many items I sent out. ", " a great coffee bar in the centre of my hometown,old music,quiet,intimate place great place to learn and develop your skills as a bartender ", " I love my job at Amazon. There are a few departments that have their favorites. But if you do your work you have nothing to worry about. An average day for me is to keep the robots going, floors free from product, and helping as many people as I can. I had the opportunity to go and train new associates in New Jersey for 3 weeks. That was so awesome. Now Amazon is offering Career Choice, where they help you get a degree and pay up 95% classes and books. ", " From beginning to end there's always an activity to be done, numerous of things to do in different departments, and I love the fast paced work environment. All of the employees get along and have a great time working together as well. ", " I had the best manager. If anybody in my team needed help with anything manager would help.  For doing great job my manager would take members of our team to Columbia Tower for lunch. ", " Amazon isn't a bad business its just favoritism is very high and it shouldn't be. Other than its a great business and I loved meeting new people ", " It has its ups and downs, but its nothing I cant handle. Co-workers get you through the day with their positive attitude. ", " This was a great place to work. Great culture provided and friendly co-workers. Leadership was helpful and provided structure. Got really busy during holiday season. ", " not a bad place to work if your face fits and you brown nose management to progress your career within amazon. co-workers are good just upper management are filled with inexperienced kids fresh out of uni and never worked a day in their lives. ", " a typical day would be scanning but once you have worked for a while you begin getting moved around for other tasks around the warehouse. i learned how to use a hand scanner, i better improved communication with others to be able to finish a task. many people work there so you can always find someone to talk to where you work if you really want to.the hardest part of the job would have been moving up as you have to be vocal and not everyone is . overall the job was very enjoyable. i am talking about ont5, i am not sure what ont2 is like. ", " its was a great place to work with great employees and mangers. I would go back and work there if givng the chnace would reccommend to anyone ", " I worked at Amazon for 15 months. It was great learning and training experience. I enjoyed the management, faculty members, and how the fulfillment center was ran. ", " I enjoyed the challenge of working for Amazon, It was fast paced and very busy at times but fun, I worked night Shift 44 hours per week. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday and loved the routine, the mandatory overtime was also very handy at peak season and was also a very big plus with Christmas round the corner. I learned how to use scanner gun's,maximize storage spaces. Management and Team Leads kept us up to date with progress and  volumes of work successfully distributed on site. The hardest part of the job i would say was getting to grips with working night shift for the first week or so, I quickly adapted to this though and enjoyed working with my other Associates to push forward and break several records of stowing within the pick tower. ", " Amazon has fantastic benefits but the management team is very unorganized. They are constantly stepping on each other. You are continuously pulled in multiple directions everyday and it seems that all they care about is making the numbers. If they would stop and go back to they way things were done when this location opened, it would be the top location in the nation in production. ", " Safe, Fun, Work environment that has a team that is willing to work with you and your health. I Learned that team work and dedication to the job makes work more easier. But the long hours on my feet, soon to ache my body; i eventually got used to it and the work became more easier. ", " The most enjoyable part of amazon was training new associates. I went to California to train inbound associates for the new FC . The hardest part would be walking up to twelve miles per day. The coworkers were the reason most of us stayed for five years. I meet some great friends.. ", " Amazon does not care about their employees. employees can be easily fired and wages are low compared to other warehouses with similar duties. ", " Working at America's number one on line retailer can be enjoyable. The creation of working relationships with many associates is satisfying and the ability to apply yourself is welcome. Most of the work is physically demanding with walking many miles during a shift, lifting, pushing and pulling. The pace is high. Also, your work is assessed and recorded and posted 3 times per shift. I have learned to measure my physical and mental endurance for busy days and to adjust to being switched to different positions and work areas when demand requires. For instance, I may be assigned to build pallets and may be asked by managers to divert parcels off the conveyor or mark parcels for destination. However, management keeps us apprised of the work for the day and makes us privy to any pertinent changes or requirements. ", " I loved working here until recently.  We took care to make sure the customers were getting exactly what they needed.  We were mostly US based for customer service until last year.  I've slowly noticed that amazon is bringing in more and more overseas agents, which cause customers to be more and more frustrated and by the time a customer gets to a US rep, the customers are so angry with the company as a whole, the customers rate my service poorly.  The rating system on how you are doing is based on these ratings the customers give.  I've received more \"no\" ratings in the last year than I have ever gotten in the time I've been at the company.  Not because I am doing anything wrong, it's due to Amazon's policies changing.  The vacation and time off policies could also be better. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " picking is fast pace and very easy job to handle meeting 100 percent or more a night to plan and of course able to walk for about 9 hrs long around mod, amazon need high energy positive employees to handle the constant change and challenges of amazon. ", " Great people to work with. Had many opportunities to advance in my career. Great job for someone who is just starting out in life. ", " When you first apply you really are unsure on what you will be work wise.  The job itself is not hard at all but for people that does not have the ability to motivate their selves for a 10 hour shift period, the job will not be good for you.  The work environment itself is pretty rough and feels like high school due to the constant harassment of management making sure their rates are above standard and also their TOT(Time Off Task).  They will somewhat try to work with you, but for the most part they will assume that you are slacking off instead of the many other problems to the job. Overtime may be slapped onto your shift at the last minute.  The pay is decent, but the wear and tear of the constant moving and bending for the entire shift is not enough. Also it is hard to fully get out of your position, so if you are a picker especially, you will more than likely be stuck in that position because of the constant termination/resignation rate. ", " Working for Amazon was fun and entertaining. I met some really good people, my whole team was good. its a shame it had to be only for temporary basis. I wish they kept us longer as we all got along. Another time maybe. ", " I've loved my job from Day 1.  I get to quickly walk 8 to 12 miles a day in a warehouse the size of 10 football fields and 3 floors, fulfilling customers' desires.  I not only get a healthful workout, but I can enjoy being artistic, arranging items in a tote like intricate, colorful puzzles with as many barcodes as possible facing up so that the sorters downstream from me can easily scan them and assemble orders.   It's fun to see what people are buying these days, to find out what the hottest items for sale are.  My workplace is a testament to all aspects of human imagination and endeavor.    My managers have only ever shown a passion for my well-being and ability to succeed in my job.  They remove barriers from my success and provide unending support and encouragement.  They are compassionate, smart, creative and have a wonderful sense of humor.  I enjoy contributing to the business by posting my suggestions publicly on the Voice of the Associate whiteboard.  Qualified individuals respond in a timely manner and, frequently enough, my suggestions have been taken and I've seen changes for the better over time.  Problems constantly are being solved although we must always strain as a team to improve.   My coworkers make coming in each day pure joy.  I've met people from many countries and backgrounds.  I once came back to work after several months on medical leave, and people whose names I didn't even know told me that they wondered what had happened to me and that I was in their prayers.  It feels like family to me. ", " A typical day at work for me would be lifting heavy tote from a conveyor and placing them onto a cart. When the batch would complete i would take the cart over to the packing area. After a long 11 hour shift i would go home and sleep. ", " A typical shift in Amazon is that each night i go in 20 min early to make sure that i have everything ready just to start when i get onto the production line, My job is based on a very tight time line as i need to make sure all pallets are down at the docks just ready to be put into the lorry's.  The best part of my job is the job its self as it keeps me busy and time just fly's in. All the co-workers are very friendly and i get on with them all very well even the management are extremely friendly. The job that i do is that good that people are always asking if they can work with me but most of them don't last long because it is quite a tedious job. I get a good feeling at the end of each shift just knowing that i have completed my target. ", " I only worked there for the Christmas period. I found them a reasonable employer. The work was demanding but satisfying. I would work there again if there was a fulfilment centre closer to me. ", " I love my co-workers, everybody here works as a team.The most enjoyable part of my job is knowing I did my best to help with our lowering defect rate every week. ", " fast paced warehouse environment. Not too hard, very accommodating management, very minimum opportunity for overtime, good bonuses and advancement opportunities. ", " Amazon is a great place to work at. I enjoy my job and I love going to work. The management is awesome. I would recommend Amazon as a great place to work. ", " The work place is decent as well as the employees. Within my short time of employment I have learned a few more operational skills that I am sure will benefit my future endeavors. ", " Great work schedule that allowed me to be able to perform other personal tasks outside of work without interfering with my work day. Awesome coworkers whom I enjoyed seeing each day. ", " Fun team-based environment with supportive and positive management team. Productivity is key to succeed. Teaches you how to grow and adapt to change, new surroundings, and different functions on an regular basis. ", " You are treated like a number, all they want is results. They do not care whether you are ill or not able. It is hard and laborious, some people thrive in this environment. Some of the facilities have great programs, but I was part of the start up of ONT 9 (warehouse in Redlands) they had many issues, and were not willing to work with the employees. However, it seemed that ONT 2 was better (worked there for 1 week) ", " Clocking in going to the board to find what area you are working in for the day. Go to that area and start your job for the day. The most enjoyable part about the job is the people that work with you. The hardest part is the time spent away from family. ", " Working at amazon was fun at time during the holidays during the raffles and prize give aways, but the conditions of walking 10-12 hours on a concrete work floor is damaging to the body and interrupts rest cycle and there is not enough time in the day to rest before going back to work the next shift. 10-12 hours sleep, 7-8 hours sleep. Average of 20 hours spent working and sleeping. leaving only 4 hours of the day. ", " I found Amazon to very aggressive, fast paced, quick to change, good salary, innovative, accelerated growth, multifaceted, global, company with boundless resources and many skilled people all pulling to make Amazon bigger, better, and the best. ", " Fun place to work for and the management was very supportive and engaging with the employees. Overall Amazon is a very great company to work for and also move up in develop a career. Plus you are a shared stock holder when hired on. ", " Picking using scanner pick products from the library shelves. Operate forklift. Take item from them into boxes the customer. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " it is fun. long hours. a lot of people. if your work night shift you really don't have a life your life is work basically. good pay fun people amazing atmosphere ", " Management and Co-workers were easy to work for. You're always on your feet and always moving. You can never be bored at this job with this type of environment because there is always something to do. ", " I learned how to receive items in and to put them away  I also learned outbound the management was great and co workers was great  its not really hard just the learning of the different areas ", " on a daily basis i would review goods and decide whether they were available to be re sold or not, i would also keep my work station tidy ", " The first day on the job, you learn so much, depending on what you're doing. I was a packer. You'll learn everything you need to know in about 2-3 hours and then after you learn they throw you right into it, packing real customers packages. A typical day was clocking in and getting straight to work. Making sure that your work space was stocked, and if it wasn't you would have to go to the back of the warehouse to grab your boxed and any other supplies needed. Then you get right to it. The hardest part of the job was actually standing there for 11 hours straight, well with 2-15 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunch. Also making rate. Another thing is that every embassitor or manager will give you a different answer for the same question.  The best thing about the job is that you meet a lot of people there. That's what keeps everyone going. For the most part it is very busy but we are allowed to walk around when we need to. A lot of times there isn't anyone watching over you like a hawk. So when you need a break, water, or to go to the bathroom, you can. ", " In the department of Payments Portal of Commerce, the life work balance is well maintained. We typically start our work early in the morning around 10 am, and end at 6 pm. However, if you're on call, it's not the case, you maybe struggle with something not expected at night.  The co-workers are very nice and helpful. Good team to work with! ", " i was held responsible for picking packages and getting them shipped out upon request time . most of all i loved my co workers they get you motivated to come to work.my hardest part of the was closer to the end of the day. ", " this is for the logan twp location,worked there for 6 months never missed a day during peak season,Got fired because i left an hour early on Easter due to a family emergency,Everyone thats a line lead thinks they are a boss,They always hire new people because people get sick of being bossed,kicked around.Good luck finding any managers on the floor if you need them you have to go find them, Also suppose to be 2 people unloading a truck i was always the only one in the truck never had help many times did have a heavy boxes fall on me resulting neck and back pain. ", " No two days are the same, a very organised place to work and the management seemed approachable. Some co workers seemed to be good team players, others expected help when they needed it, but were reluctant to reciprocate. ", " Work consted of picking orders and stowing products. Very simple tasks. I learned how to problem solve inventory probems. Management was nice and respectful as well as the employees. Overal the job was a fun one just no room to advance and not of hours on a shift. ", " Work you hard. Rate very hard to hit. They give you five chances to make rate or fired.  Management not very good. This job was not very enjoyable. ", " It is fun but tiring work somedays.  very physical in some areas.  Met alot of great people and my managers are the best.  The pay is good and the benefits are so much better then any other place I have ever worked ", " The job is good, but the team lead don't give us direction. and we have no idea what we going to do and we wait for department manager for help. ", " hard job with little pay... Must be willing to work 10 hours and sometimes more standing up in a hard concrete floor. akjsfhsdfjagfja jkdfhajg agf jlsdhhgf jasg ", " I liked everything about the job, except for the misunderstanding about my being laid off. At first, they told me there was a schedule change and when it came down to it I later found out I'd been laid off. They told me I could reapply around the 6th and I'd tried to and there were complications. ", " Sitting in front of the computer for hours sorting out problems for customers on the phone, email and chat, the management was very encouraging and supportive. co-workers were most of the time too busy, but fun when they are free for a chat. The most difficult thing about this job was not being able to help the customer, while the most enjoyable part is the satisfaction you get from knowing the customer is very pleased with the service rendered. ", " Great place. Not hard work at all, very clean, staff and mamagement were very nice, great place to work and learn new things. ", " I'm not too fond of this company. Since I've been working here, I felt nothing but sad. The managers here are not too nice. They're pushy, bossy, and just downright mean. Its manual labor, and they rather work you to the bone, then take your break. Let's not even get started on the pay. It's great... but, it never adds up when I've worked my butt off an entire week. If its not pay being put in correctly. It's either your punch not punched in right. I strongly dislike this company. ", " enjoyable place to work,good work hours,good pay,good leadership I work under the smx temps and they along with amazon made working here enjoyable ", " The Amazon Fulfillment Center in Coppell, TX is very organized and safe. I feel like the management truly cared about their employers and listened to any complaints. The management encouraged employers to vocalize their opinions and acknowledged their feedback. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " a typical day at work is cleaning up all areas and making sure cleaning products are full and all restrooms have toilet paper,etc. i learned to time manage and i learned how to work with different cleaning products. ", " amazon is a boring factory setting with non existent work breaks, a typical day at work is standing still packing boxes for 10 hours at ridiculous rates of speed. My co workers were awesome people, management does nothing but police the environment, and i have learned to not work for a company that doesn't work with its employees that want to work but can not completely due to robotic work conditions. ", " A typical day at work contains walking and more walking.  I've learned that to earn money you have to be patient and hard-working. ", " Great place to work if you love to work in a manufacturing plant up to 12hrs. per shift. Everyone works together as a team, and I suggest you exercise and wear good shoes working here! ", " At times the work load is immense. Rather than splitting it they employ less people and give a day off to the rest hence the workers find it very difficult to cope with it. ", " enjoyable work place people were nice and the boss was great fun outgoing experience and got to interact w customers to much pressure ", " the work is not hard, but you need to stay focused because it is tedious. good work environment and the security is 2nd to none. ", " Learned alot from my position and liked most of the people I worked with .wish it had not been a contract position  I would still be there..Most of the management were really easy to work for and with ", " I love this job its well organized and the pay is the excellent and the benefits the has great  maternity leave  baby room everything is good if u work hard u can move up in the company ", " Es un entorno de trabajo que hay que ser rrapido y eficaz...  Conoci muchas personas  No tube parte dificil de mi trabajo. Porque me gusta lo que hacia , cada dia era bueno para mi ", " Worked at the depot between Bedford &amp; MK in run-up to Christmas  2012, and I enjoyed the experience. Spent my shifts lifting boxes of goods, scanning each item, packing/labeling each item, then placing the items onto a conveyor belt. Work was constant and repetitive but the time seemed to fly by. Money was ok as I was on the late shift (More money if on Nights). Coworkers were a laugh, but the permanent staff didn't like if you worked harder/faster than them - it made them look bad (which I enjoyed doing!). Breaks are scandalously short especially since you had to pass through security on way out then back in, which took time. Other than that, I would gladly do another stint here if I needed. ", " My typical day working at Amazon, I would have to say it was long, hard but worth the check if you really focus time flies, and the work is pretty fun.  What I learned working at Amazon is how to be quick with good work, and being able to get through long hours on my feet.  My opinion on management, I believe it was fair even if i was seasonal they gave good opportunities to those in need.  The hardest part of the job was trying to not miss a count you had to be really careful.   The most enjoyable part of the job was working knowing that it was something i can do and worth my time. ", " i hated every moment working for these, there an awfull place to work for would never ever work here again. there so strict cant do anything right. ", " I got injured many times at work and was simply told to get over it and get back to work. I struggled maintaining the high rate standards due to the unorganized work environment and unsafely placed products ", " ok place to work at. Very poor management. Good benefits. a lot of walking for my position sometimes a lot of unnecessary walking ", " Amazon had many benefits however it was a slow paced temporary job in which was great for seasonal work and/or college students. I would work for amazon again if I was not a temporary associate. ", " fast pace environment , job security , definitely room to move up ,recommended no phone in facility which makes breaks boring , management is decent warehouse operates smoothly for the most part ", " I like working at Amazon it's a fast pace environment with a lot of great people. I have learned a lot and would definitely rate my experience as positive. ", " Alot of the time I felt taken care of, all the staff were helpful and I felt like my voice was heard. HR always listens and they take every injury seriosuly no matter how small.  Cons are you have a better chance at peak season as they have an agency hire you first then they dump you after if they don't need you. ", " i really enjoyed myself working at amazon great people to be around work was fun and interesting you would never be bored but i always miss working there and would love to come back "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Good options in a future. Typical warehouse work, picking from the belt, loading into the trailers. Mostly night shift. ", " Very unorganized, very rude to employees, bad parking, everyday was hassle, i honestly did not like woking here they layed to many people off and terminated the wrong people. ", " Kept control of inventory, and was given a percentage that had to be met. Was assigned different job functions according to a roster provided by management. The most difficult part of the job was the excessive amount of walking. The most enjoyable part was setting goals for myself to meet everyday working with laid back people. ", " It is a fast paced atmosphere which demands dedication and discipline. Both of which I have improved in the duration of my stay. The co-workers are very warm and there is a feel of team work without eliminating friendly competition. The hardest part of the job is always the end hours when strength is completely drained and one has to work on endurance. The most enjoyable part of the job is the instructors and supervision, they bring out the working best in people without having to resort to unpleasantness. ", " It was hard work , however I learned the value of hard work and a dollar. Learned how to  believe in my own abilities to succeed in a fast pace environment. ", " I love my job at Amazon. My leadership team is amazing. Very friendly, open door policy meaning you can always talk to your Area Manager. Our General Manager is very down to earth and easy to talk to. They truly care about their employees. ", " being my first job out of high school i learned most  of the essentials needed to be a success in the work force; such as completing work orders on time to meet the scheduled departure time. the ability to interact with fellow employees in a professional manner ", " it was a good job, simple.  I moved packages to loading docks and into trucks. co-workers were smart and easy to work with. ", " Unfortunately it was only temporary work... 4 days per week 10 hours day give more free time for the worker. Overtimes payed well, so i would really stay there if its possible. Peoples said the work is hard but i think hard only for lazy ones.... hard work is not enough to keep the job at amazon though... ", " Fast paced environment, always something to do and love the managers. They always make sure their employees are doing good and provide ways to help if they can. ", " the job was a good job and the team i worked with was good onlt problem was the Warehouse wasent clean and maegment wasent very good ", " There is always good hot coffee in a clean lunch room. Friendly employees come from different counties. My job is a standard warehouse environment with fast pace requirement, standardized as well.  I loved this standard job, as it is clear instruction, standard scanner job. ", " I worked at an Amazon Fulfillment Warehouse and I would definitely recommend this job to those who desire a fast-paced, fair pay, and a team building yet competitive job culture. In this career, I would say the most difficult part for every employee will consist of heavy lifting when receiving merchandise and almost all the time, stowing away each item may be physically overwhelming if not done with its proper safety precautions. However, do not let that frighten you- it only gets easier along the way. Overall, this job is nontheless worth a try! Management &amp; Human Resources are always available and actually take the time to assist each and everyone's concerns. ", " Impossible to meet targets. Bxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.Management non existent. Tret like a front doormat. That's for being the best worker at Amazon. ", " If you start out as a tier one employee it is almost impossible to move into management. Amazon will find any way to let you go once they see that you want to move up within the company. ", " When walking onto the floor, everyone is to go to stand up and look at there position on the board for that day. I am usually on the PC Walkie, but when the PAs need help with leadership I am one of the go to people to be a line lead. ", " respected people and easy to get on with. get paid on time. get treated equally. it can get depressing at times because of long hours but its good place to work ", " Job is as they tell you a warehouse job if can learn the job within the four week grace period and get adjusted skys the limit ", " A typical day at work was picking orders for customers.I learned to keep up with the paced.My manager gave me constructive criticism,positive feedback on my achievements.My co-workers were very helpful and encouraging.The hardest part of my job was keeping with rate and standing on my feet for 10 hours.My most enjoyable part of my job was meeting new people working in a positive environment. ", " Have to be able to stand for 10 hours in one area. People are very close together and you have to maintain a certain speed thoughout the day. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Collecting and delivering stock to various departments. Achieving daily targets. Replenishing stock when required.Amend return goods for customers. Daily Stock checking and recording. ", " the only thing that was good about amazon was the benefit package they offer. as far as anything else the management or the people that work there, you can hardly find anyone that is worth taking care of a problem. you can never find a manager when you need one. the job for the most part is easy unless you need to be put on light duty then hr pretty much refuses to put there. ", " Amazon is a great company to work for.  The key is that you have to work.  You must be diligent and focused.  Attention to detail is a must. ", " I worked at PHX3, which means nothing if you don't know what that is. Starting pay is amazing, advancement is quite easily acquired if you show them you want it. Amazon truly cares about their employees. During peak seasons they have raffles, DJ's, games, contests, free food. And also great management year 'round. The only thing i disliked about working there, was the amount i time i had off. I admit, he paychecks every week was well worth it, but being a full time student, 55-60 hours a weeks is tough. Night shift is the best at Amazon, in my opinion. I was a picker and walked about 15 miles on a normal 10 hour shift, 5 days a week. Pretty crazy, right? That is also a pro, getting paid to exercise, basically. (: ", " Very productive place to work for. A lot of over time available. Also may be given the opportunity to travel. Overall it was a good company to work for. ", " - this job was definitely not for me. - I've really learn alot about the process of packing. - the hardest part of working there was production ", " A typical day at work for me would be lifting heavy tote from a conveyor and placing them onto a cart. When the batch would complete i would take the cart over to the packing area. After a long 11 hour shift i would go home and sleep. ", " day goes by fast I work night shift and night shift is pretty smoth when October comes its peak season the worst time of all ", " i enjoyed working at amazon with a great bunch of people management included and the hours of work are acceptable.  I liked to work on the line with others and the cantine is very good with free coffee and access to kettles microwaves and fridges ", " My job assignment varies. Our warehouse is the last step before the packages are sent to the customer so we check the packages for damages or if they were sent to the wrong Amazon warehouse. After we clock in we have something called stand up. There we stretch, discuss safety tips, the volume for our shift, success stories, and any other information the manager(s) want to give the employees. The hardest part of the job is there aren't a lot of employees in our warehouse because our peak season is over. However we still receive a high amount of volume and there aren't enough people to get the volume scanned and out for shipping in a timely manner. Overall Amazon is all about having fun. ", " It's still a fairly new facility so management and rules are constantly changing.  Certain favoritism goes on in that facility as well.  The most enjoyable part of the job were my co-workers.  The hardest part was trying to adapt with the rules that were constantly changing because there was very poor communication among management. ", " great job. plenty of growth and job incentive. do your best to converted. easy money. 12hr shift can drag on but worth it. prepare to walk a total of 8miles of day in some departments. ", " Amazon is a solid organization with lots of different avenue to explore for your career. If career advancement is what you are looking for as well as learning new skills and working with very intelligent competitive people - this is for you. Great for someone who is fresh out of college and has the time and energy to invest. ", " My time at amazon was good while it lasted. They always try to make as fun as possible while I was there i really enjoyed working there very easy if you followed instructions properly. ", " Most of the co-workers are respectful, nice and willing to help each other if needed. Workers feels more motivated when the raffles and competitions come within the day. Is such a great company. ", " I have never experienced mind games and bullying more in my entire life than I did in my three months at Amazon. I had a manager who was under budget restrictions who needed to get rid of one person on the team, and I was very quickly labeled as the person that needed to go. I was being actively sabotaged by members of my own team, struggled to find support and help in doing things I had never done before, and by the time I left, I was having daily panic attacks and was severely depressed (neither were pre-existing conditions). The pay was fairly high for the area that I was working in, but all that got me was a guarantee of having to move back into my parent's house after resigning. They also offer generous relocation and a signing bonus. Don't be fooled. I am now contractually obligated to pay every cent of that back because I lasted for less than a year. I hope this is the worst employment experience I ever have because I can't imagine anything worse. ", " Working at Amazon was great. I love the fact that we stretched before we worked out. Everyday they post our accomplishment so we can see if we made progress or not. ", " Typical day, inspect cherry picker, use cherry picker, pick, break, pick, break, pick, break. I learned cherry picker.  Management was there.  Co-workers were there also, had to stay working, 15 min breaks were actually 10 min.  The hardest part of the job was the solitude, no down time, always on the go, constantly picking to keep rate high, going above and beyond, working overtime hours, and not receiving anything extra, just more hours, management was there for meetings to encourage and also there to reprimand during work.  The best part of the Job I suppose was the games and extras they would have. ", " Picking / packing , How the production process works Never seen them  Good co workers - friendly  Nothing was too hard  Being part of a team and reaching targets ", " amazon like to be different so everyday you never know if something is going to change, the people I work with are very nice, I don't feel they give enough praise or feedback for the job that is done "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I am apart of the Amazon Fulfillment Team. My goal at the end of every work day is to meet or succeed above a standard pick rate of 115 unit per hour. At the end of my 12 hour shift I have picked approximately 1150 items to be shipped of to customers. ", " The co-workers were great to work with mostly everyone worked as a team. A typical work day was hard and long when they had communication problems. The most enjoyable part of this job was there was so many positions to experience instead of working the same one every evening. ", " My typical shift would be making sure all products are in the right place and efficiency is key. I have learned that it is best to have a good eye for detail because if you slip for a minute it could cause other occurrences throughout the shift. As long as you have a good management in my eyes your team members would work well to get the job done well. The hardest part of the job is when we were delayed due to deliveries were late and it was waiting around then trying to catch up without making mistakes, but it made us as a team to get through it knowing we achieved our goal for that shift. ", " 10 hour days,handle thousands of refunded products,great mamgement,their very approachable,co-workers very respectable ", " Very well organized, healthy work atmosphere, good opportunity for advancement and every one works with a strong sense that they are part of a team ", " Here you need to improve yourself, also here is a lot of career choise. co-worker are friendly,helpful. Most enjoyable part of the job was that time when you need to work fast. ", " -a typical day at work can be described by hard work -what I learned is to work in an extremely big team -management is chaotic and the rules are not followed -my co-workers were some of them a team player and some of them so individualists -the hardest part was to work for 11 hours and 5 and a half days with heavy items and lift them up, continuously  -the most enjoyable part was it was when we had to work in groups ", " thats the best job i have ever had. lots of fun to work there nice shift patterns which is 10 hour work 4 days of week and you have 3 days off thats plenty of time to spend some time with ur family and you still earn good money. nice pay rates aswell.. ", " Great way to make money through mturk.com but you really have to dedicate yourself to make the money later on. You will get some hard jobs to begin with that are long and confusing, but then you will get a contract typist jobs occasionaly either doing transcribing videos or handwritten documents. ", " Great job with great pay while you have it. Use the money wisely unless your lucky enough to get into a permanent position. If so make sure you hustle they demand hard c work but show appreciation for it ", " Pick and Pack customer orders  receive and stow merchandise  problem solve problem packages  One of the best places i've ever worked the managers are nice and friendly and help with any problems or concerns you may have ", " Just really dissatisfied with the work experience. Management was rude to the employees and did not care if they hit rate. when i would try to help them, i was told it was basically a sink or swim part of working there. ", " Managers are very unorganized. Have to worry about position everyday scheduled to work. Work environment safe but very stressful. ", " A typical day at work? Tiresome. I learned how to multitask very well. Management is sketchy. Co-workers were very friendly and always willing to lend a helping hand. The hardest part of the job was learning how to multitask between different machines. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting my friendly co-workers, and gaining insight on what actually happens before a customer receives their product. ", " Amazon is a productive, safety first environment. A typical day at the job can all depend on what they have you doing that day. It could be on the order picker for 10 hours picking or stowing orders, or in the docks unloading or loading the trucks. Either way you will be busy for 10 hours. The workers are all enjoyable to be around and management is always there to help you when you need it. The hardest part of the job is probably either in side the hot truck loading it or knowing that you have to stand for 10 hours. But overall I enjoy getting up at 5 to go to work every morning. ", " busy call centre worked as a technical support rep for the kindle reading device good group of co workers high volume of calls ", " I describe myself to be a dinamic person, energetic and intuitive. I prefer a stable enviroment and also fair from the remuneration point of view based on results and overtime. ", " Very fast paced Great Work Environment Get Temperature Ok Management A typical day at work The best time to work is on the peak season because you get to work up to 11 hour shifts. ", " Supervisors don't know how to talk to the employees. I learned how to drive PIT equipment. Walking around all day.Sometimes driving as well. Dealing the laziness. Walking out the door at the end of the shift. ", " A company has resource and talent to enable fast learning and promotion if you can succeed. Folks with good balance of technical knowledge and leadership can really excell. However, if you are in the growing phase of your career, the company is growing very quickly and can easliy forget career development for the indidvidual. This limits the opportunity for certain type of people. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to interact with customers and working in a team. The roles provided upon entering the company will all generally be the same. Promises are made about profession it may be worth ignoring these promises. ", " Very flexible with hours, amazing management, and really serious about making sure their employees are comfortable and looked out for. ", " I enjoyed working with amazon, there was always a job to day and the day went in a lot faster when we were working.  the pay was good the hours were long but by the end of the week it was worth it. ", " it was face paced, the people where nice, the hours where long but worth it and an overall really cool job especially since i was working the graveyard shift. ", " Work 10 hour shift , that consist of walk and doing other activities. I work four days a week and i travel about 20 miles daily to get back and forth to work. It can get hot in the warehouse . ", " I enjoyed working at Lynn Niemann Farms.  It was friendly enjoyable work environment.  I wish I could have continued working there. ", " Amazon is a terrible company and they don't care about the workers only getting the product out to the customers. I have nothing to say the job is good for people going through tough times trying to get through. ", " Over worked, stressed out, middle management. great work for an 18 year old. Work not worth the pay, even with really good benefits. ", " Good company, staff great and very fair.  Night shift hard sometimes due to working more than five nights and only two off  Have worked four nights over the last week and three off which is much better  Sometimes get called in on Stand by days ", " worked hard stayed busy like that it was fast paste had a chance to move up in job title like being around alot of people. worked alot of hours and days. ", " A typical day for me at Amazon is as follows:  I clock in a few minutes early. All employees and managers participate in group stretches and we have a brief meeting. I go straight to work; recently I have been pulling pallets from 30 foot racks via the Reach Truck. I enjoy a brief break at 9:15, a lunch break at 11:45, and a final break at 3:15. My duties within the company might vary on any given day based on my certifications and qualifications within the company.        While working at Amazon I have joined an elite group of individuals who have learned to drive each of the PIT vehicles. I have become experienced in operating Microsoft Excel. I have undergone several hours of instruction involving safety training for the work place. I have learned how to use the software specific to Amazon, as well as all equipment necessary to performing tasks at Amazon i.e. scanning guns. I am proficient within every department at Amazon as a result of my training and experience.         My managers have done a great job, although Amazon restructures and relocates its management every two months. I have developed lasting friendships and formed good relationships with several of my co-workers.        The hardest part of the job is that I am often transferred from one department to another on a daily basis, because I am very skilled in each area, as well as open to new experiences in the work place. While I enjoy variety and excel in a fast-paced working environment; this makes it difficult for me to remain proficient in every area, because of the limited time I am able to spend in ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> each area. While this does make my job more challenging, I am grateful for the learning experience it provides.         While at Amazon, I have most enjoyed driving the Reach Truck, and obtaining a higher rate of stowing and pulling pallets from 30 foot racks than the average Amazon employee. I am competitive by nature, and so I excel in areas where I can compete amicably and professionally against others or against myself for my personal best. ", " Amazing company, managers and co-workers. I d like to come back to work there . Absolutely amazing team, we ve been helping each other a lot ", " probably the most difficult job Ive had, consumes my life. Its very hard to climb the ladder, a lot of favoritism is shown. The pay and benefits is the best part of the job ", " Ive learn lots in many warehouses I've worked in met lots of people working with many people We all have a objective and thats working for what we have and our families we are all just trying to get through life working hard and motivated to get the job done. ", " I come in at 5:30 pm and leave at 4:00 am.  I deal with receiving issues such as POs, UPCs, and image problems. I have learned what it takes to work as a team and how to help out co-workers. The hardest part of my job is being away from my family. ", " The job was not a normal warehouse job, it was working with a system called comp. My job there was to scan undelivered parcels which were brought back by drivers, and scan them back to station, making sure the status was correct. I had to learn the entire system, and knew it like the back of my hand. It gets really busy as drivers start flowing in and have to wait in a que whilst we process each parcel correctly. for example drivers come back and say that a parcel was rejected, or damaged or that they delivered the parcel but forgot to put delivered on their system, so we would have to fix it to the correct status.  I learned about time keeping, working fast under pressure as drivers are not known to be friendly. Also learnt about communicating, listening and asking the right questions. ", " driving a forklift we should get paid more. The co worker was not helpful at all. I didn't like my hours or days and I learn it was a busy jus open so they had learn just like me. My most enjoyable moment was getting paid. ", " Tough work environment that demands the most out of its people. Rewarding and provided a solid foundation for any operations leader. ", " one job for 10-12 hours all day everyday. took a bit to get use to standing in one spot for long periods of time ", " My position was only seasonal, but if you're not used to working 10 hour shifts, this job isn't for you. You get great hours and the pay is good, but it is very tiring throughout the day. Only an half hour lunch with two 15 minute breaks, lots of walkingand a high rate that keeps you under pressure. If this is you're first job in a while, do NOT apply unless necessary, especially if you're a parent of young children. Mandatory overtime is also a regular during the holiday shopping season, making you lose moreof your reuperation time betweeen the long work hours. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " If you love to spend lots of time developing software or fix legacy systems, it's a great place to work. People are energetic and deal with cutting edge technology. However, lots of churn -- software gets obsolete very quickly. ", " Excellent company to work for cares for there employees as much as they do there customers. ", " A excellent work place didn't like management that well felt uncomfortable and under pressure. ", " This is by far the worst company ever to work for. I don't even know where to start. Management and the HR team are unorganized and have no professionalism. Management don't lead by example. All they do is walk around with their laptops watch the numbers and find something to complain about. AMAZON DOES NOT CARE ABOUT THEIR EMPLOYEES. Everything that the company stands for is very unethical. The morale of the company is a complete joke. I worked at the site for 3 years and in March 2015 I was really sick with the flu but I didn't have the time to take off. So instead of them being compassionate &amp; caring enough to let me go home HR tells me I can't go home because we had mandatory ot thst week. HR advises me to file medical leave. Not to mention they wrote me up for being \"time off task\" because I was sick. So I filed and I missed only two days including my mandatory day. 6 months later they tell me that it was denied &amp; my UPT was in the hold by 40 hours. So they separate my employment only to tell me I can come back to the hiring event today which defeats the purpose of firing me altogether. Their practices are very confusing and contradicting and I can't believe the people thst work there accept it &amp; settle for it. Whenever your company is negatively exposed on big media outlets such as CNN &amp; FOX NEWS it's a huge problem. Not to mention the CEO &amp; founder Jeff Bezos said he wouldn't work at a fulfillment site if he knew the problems that existed. The company overall is atrocious &amp; I'd rather have my peace of mind &amp; wrk somewhere else that's more organized instead of working ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> at a place that's very stressful &amp; you come home mad &amp; frustrated almost everyday. Amazon is not worth it. ", " Very demanding and challenging workplace. If you are prepare to work under pressure most of the time this is company to work for. ", " Typical day at work included scanning products. Learned to be open for new opportunities in different areas.  Management was pleasant Co-Workers were pleasant and hard working Hardest part of the job was having the scanners break down and then getting docked for that.  Most enjoyable part of job was being able to learn new skills. ", " Amazon is a great company to work for. A typical day working at Amazon would consist of a lot of hard work how ever before you know it the day has gone by. Very fast pace. ", " Started off liking it there, I like to work and stay busy. After a couple months you could really tell that the area managers  (not the PA\"s) had no idea what they were doing and couldn't care less about anything any employee had to say. Those that don't work their way up end up treating you like you're the most insignificant peon in the world, and it isn't hard work that gets you promoted here, being buddies with the managers and PA's does (they'll take you out to the local bars..doesn't matter if you're 21 or over or not). HR is useless, training is a joke, security takes half your break to get through, and if you have a legitimate complaint or problem you might as well forget about it.  Went through more verbal harassment and intimidation tactics than I ever would have expected from a company like that. ", " welcoming feel once you enter the warehouse.everyone is ready to work and get the job done to insure the customers are taken care of and happy with their items. ", " I learned a lot of things while working at Amazon.com. The managers would motivate us to work harder. Amazon is a good work environment to work at. My co workers were nice and friendly to work with. ", " I enjoyed my time there immensely. Management was always nice and helpful. Pay was decent, benefits were very good. ", " Fast-paced; rapidly changing; cut-throat; work hard.... and come back tomorrow and do it again! I loved saying that I was going to go work at the best tech company out there, but the team I was on was brutal and management did not care. There is not enough time in the day to do your job or complain about a single thing. ", " Amazon teaches you to focus and stay on task because it involves a lot of repetitive work that can cause you to lose focus easily. It is a fast paced environment which helps to learn how to work under pressure. Managers were constantly supporting and motivating all the workers during each shift. All workers that I encountered were pleasant and tried to help the new people become used to the environment. Maintaining the appropriate rates was a challenge due to many variables on any given day. Interaction with great co-workers was the most enjoyable part of Amazon. ", " My day consist of walking anywhere from 15 to 20 miles easy. I learned that you can walk this distance daily. Management does what they can to help however they will not move you to train in another area unless you are meeting rate in your own area. I thought that was silly because everyone is not good at doing the same thing. The people there are very friendly and I enjoy meeting and talking to different staff. ", " I'm not going to lie to you; this job is not for the faint of heart. The work is hard on the body: your feet are going to hurt, your back is going hurt at the end of the week even if you follow health and safety protocol and you will likely develop a severe hatred for anything related to Disney's Frozen (well, I did anyway). A typical week is 40 hours long although I was working during the 'Peak' period at Christmas, so I was working 55 hours a week instead. Overtime pay is great: for the first ten hours your pay goes up to 1.5x of normal hours and anything over doubles your hourly pay. The management are brilliant: you can have a good laugh whenever there is an time to do so and they are incredibly helpful. You will likely end up making friends with your co-workers, but you will likely see them move on as they're contracts end. Overall, it's a good temporary job; just don't expect to be there once the contract ends. ", " i enjoyed working at amazon,managers and team leaders were fine,i met quite a few people while picking stock.there was alot of walking involved and bending down to pick from bottom shelf. i did enjoy working there and would go back . ", " They are willing to train anybody on just about anything in the warehouse. Management doesn't really listen to their employees very well. ", " Overall, it was a good job. You meet a lot of people and the jobs are all together easy. When they took over Zappos though, they got rid of the free lunches and cheap vending. You get good benefits such as cheap health insurance though. ", " Amazon is a great company for someone who enjoys a fast pace enviornment with consistent changes. ", " I loved working there. they give you full time hours plus benefits. Workwise you just have to be ready to stand for long house at a time without a break. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " stressful, body achs, boring, to many people, need more money, and salary is a 2 yr cap out!!!! ", " I have worked her for five years and enjoy my work immensely. They are closing their doors at this location in Jan- Feb. otherwise I would continue employment here. ", " Typical factory work, learned to work as a large team and how online shopping works.  Amazon is a good work place and the wages are decent, easy job for easy money ", " Great place to work. It taught me how to use a scanner. Has many shifts to accommodate your lifestyle. Great benefits and pay. ", " Years of working in a warehouse environment I would say it was fun at first.  When management started to change the fun that we all had was removed. ", " good workin enviroment fun place to be bennefits are great manager are exelent the hardest part was the schedule and the standing up ", " I like this work, coworkers are focus to the work, the team leader are professional, it,s very fun to work in this environment. ", " I work four 10 hour days in the inbound department.  This primarily consists of bringing product in and getting it stowed in our bins (shelves). ", " Working for Amazon was a fun but demanding job espically during peak season. Enjoyed the job &amp; the people. The hardest part of the job was being inside all day. ", " great benefits and bad working conditions....great leaderships skills gained and training programs. paid vacations. hardest part of job is hours. most enjoy able always something to do. ", " work was simple and easy. you felt like everyone was family you spent so much time with them. But i did fell like i was there more than home ", " Great place to advance your career! Wonderful benefits and life long experiences. Had great leadership and mentors here. ", " I am a trainer so I get to interact with different people on a daily basis. Which is what I love about my job. My peers are great to work with. Can have stressful days but that comes with any job. ", " You have to work hard and alone for 10 hours every day. They don't give a correct training to do a good job. I received the correct training one week before they fire me. ", " Wake up when you want, In my case 9 am. Start up the computer, load up multiple pages and split between monitors and wait for work to come in. Following forums and scripts for work most of the day. No guarantee of any hourly or salary pay. This job is what you make it. ", " a typical day was a day of stress and being treated like a number....I learned to never work for a place with the same structure, management what a joke, great co-workers, hardest part was going in everyday I mean I struggled, break time was the most enjoyable part ", " Amazon made putting things into boxes fun and enjoyable. By doing in house competitions and offering prizes and fun opportunities they made the 12 hour shifts go by quickly. I learned how to work as a team effectively to meet goals. The hardest part about the job was standing in place for hours on end but it was still a good place to work. ", " I enjoy working in this environment.  It is not a warehouse, it is a fulfillment center ", " Not a great career if you have a partner and you work on night shift. Work 40 - 60 hours a week. Work 4 and off 3. Company has strict policies even for day 1 associates. Lack of communication from upper management.  Assisted in: Quality,  Safety audits,  Training,  Performance Management,  Assisted HR with on the site hiring as an Escort while candidates where in the building,  Cross trained in several other departments,  Payroll ", " my work day starts at 7:30 am, go to my station, and work until 9:30 am, we go to break for only ten minutes (its supposed to be 15 mins break but it takes five minutes to go to the break room and come back to the station) work until 12 go to lunch for half an hour and come back to work, second break is at 3 pm until 3:15 pm and get out at 6 pm "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " My day started at 9am-6pm. There was always a new task to fulfill. At a constant moving environment, there was always new jobs to learn.   Amazon is full of a wide range of backgrounds, so  there were so many people from different environments to get to know.  Each and everyday brought on new challenges, we were tested by our speed and consistency. In a way it was like a game, prizes were sometimes given as a bonus for all of our hard work. It is a positive place to work at, unlimited possibilities. ", " By far the worst place I have worked in my life. Even at Nissan, an incredibly demanding job, I could take bathroom breaks without harassment and get full breaks. They don't want you to log off until break no matter if you are a 5 min walk to put up scanner then an additional 2 to get past security only to sit down for 5mins because you must be back at your last scanned location before break is over. Try staffmark or randstad. ", " Fun growing with people who are positive minded and willing to learn.The management is just awesome and helpful,they make sure that things are orderly and done on time. ", " Working At Amazon Wasn't Bad the Pay and the Benefits were great but some of the managers and Ops Managers Changed the Job So Often that it was Hard to Keep Track of What We could Or couldn't do.  Not to Mention when they Did change things it was things that They Have Never Done. So I was I picker there and Our Ops Manager has never picked a Day In his Life, So Him changing things about the Job Didn't make Much Sense, It just messed up the Flow of the Work, for No reason. It seems to Be this way across Most Departments, at least at The one I worked for. ", " When I think about happiness in general, I picture being passionate about whatever I am doing, having freedom, and being surrounded by people that truly care about me and want to see me succeed. Most Millennials agree with me, especially on my last point, as 71% say their coworkers to be a second family to them. Socializing and having fun with coworkers creates a bond and fosters camaraderie, so these two factors directly correlate with one another. Considering this, it should come as no surprise that a study found socializing to be rated the highest out of all fun-related activities throughout employees of all ages and generations.  Organizations that cater to these desires will attract and retain the most talented candidates out there, and will experience a big boost in employee happiness, retention, and debatably, even productivity. ", " I loved working at amazon it was a great experience for me I learned something new all the time. In a typical day you just pull orders from different floors while using a handheld scanner. ", " I work in a warehouse fork lift order picker i pack i rebin i slam i pick i bin count Management doesn't care about associates i can't trust associates the job is physically tough on you after a long period of time  when i am order picking i love to be on the forklift ", " I ran 2 dock,, worked with enthusiasm..Trained recievers. unloaded trucks... kept my docks safe.. kept my crew happy.. great success. ", " My typical day was busy and pretty fast paced.  I could preform every task within my department well enough to consistently make rate and train others, so my manager used me as a floater and trainer a lot, based on business demands. I learned a lot about how to direct, encourage, problem solve, and team build among a very diverse group of individuals.  My supervisors and managers there are some of the best in the workforce.  I still have contact with almost every one of them. The hardest part of the job was by far the physical aspect and the long hours. With two young children, ten hour shifts are not ideal.  The only reason I stayed so long was for the great benefits and the people I worked with.  I was known as upbeat, positive, and encouraging, so it was easy to get along with all sorts of personality types. I had/have acquaintances in every department of the facility.  I keep in touch with at least a couple hundred via social media. ", " 6 am starts 12 hour shifts, 6/7 days to cover Christmas and holiday periods, downside I could travel to Doncaster for 6 am and be sent home at 10 am if no work in factory. Diversity brilliant a great mix of internationals on the work force and on the management. ", " The hours are great. The pay is great. The benefits are great. Even the vacation time they give u is great, but the management isn't. Hr doesn't always get back to you and the uph rate isn't considerate of obstacles. The uph doesn't stop during your break times and doesn't consider low work volume. ", " respected people and easy to get on with. get paid on time. get treated equally. it can get depressing at times because of long hours but its good place to work ", " Amazon is great place to work for, if your use to fast pace environments. you will have 4 10 hour days and 3 days off. due to the fast pace please know you will be loosing some lbs. The hr department  is growing to fit the needs of the employees but over all its hard to get a response from them unless you are right in front of them. ", " Depending on what indirect role I was assigned to on which day of the week I was the Process Assistant. Typically a PA will assign entry level associates to their station ID's and I would also gather up a team of Problem solvers.    I trained and monitored the leading indirect roles on how to properly virtually and physically monitor our customers CPT's (priorities).  If our pack lines were low on WHIP (shipments) that would usually indicate three things. 1) could be a jam (somewhere on the 3 mile long conveyor or 2) our items aren't being picked fast enough and 3) or we have too many packers.  1-2 is a easy fix but when we have too many people who are on the clock but aren't working because of the other 2 reasons leadership has to direct them and place them in a different process path.  *Process path - Inbound/Outbound   The hardest part of my day really consisted of copious amounts of fast paced walking and also virtually monitoring each associate who wasn't making rate because they weren't at their station etc.  But the most enjoyable part of my day was when myself and the other PA's/AM's/SR Ops met up for our daily meeting almost everyday BHN Singles was recognized and that made in itself made my day. ", " I would not recommend this company to anyone. It's all work no play there is constant turnover and management does not care about employee needs ", " Fun and friendly environment. Equall oppertunities for all. Fast paced job. High energy everyday. Laid back vibe and nice pay. ", " It is a good job but health and saftey standards need to be checked as there was a lack of health and saftey there, management there was good as they did help you when help was needed. ", " Easy considering the pay until you become good at your position and they begin asking for more and more under the same pay ", " The hours are long and its super hot all the time. They preach about safety but so nothing about it. Management is rude on the rare chance you actually see them and the pay is terrible or how much work you do. Constantly on your feet with minimal and short breaks that always end up being cut even shorter by strict policies. By the time you get a chance to sit down your break is already over. ", " I really enjoyed working at due to the fact that I enjoy working more then 8 hours. Also being able to only count a certain amount of products. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Great Place to work for defiantly care for there employees also Great Managers, with very motivating people to be around and work for. ", " A typical day at worked included working 12+ hours and standing for 95% of the day.  There is an office or two, however it is strongly looked down upon to be in there other from lunch breaks (30 min) and meetings. Amazon runs a very interesting operation and the experience is extremely unique.  The most enjoyable part of the job was the fact that you only work 4 days so you have 3 off.  On that note, you usually squeeze a 50 hour work week into 4 days and the days off normally only include one weekend day.  Management is good and the people are friendly for the most part. The biggest issue is that everyone has so much work to do and are always on the move  so it is difficult to actually get to know your co-workers or your associates. ", " Amazon is world re-known for innovation. If you want to work in an environment that is constantly breaking new ground, this is the place to work for. Management depends on individual management abilities. Work life balance is dependent on if your team is part of an organization trying to gain market share. ", " fast paced environment. Long hours, decent pay and I think the management and co workers need help in the getting along aspect. ", " Amazon has a solid foundation.  They have a lot of very intelligent and smart individuals working for them and they are doing great things.  Advancement opportunities are limited in my specific location and would require moving back to Washington state, which is not my preference. ", " The management and pay were wonderful. There were sufficient breaks to make the long hours easier as well as ample room in lockers for personal items and designated places to smoke on breaks. ", " Not a place to build a career.  Depending on the nature of your job, it could be very monotonous in nature and with little work-life balance. ", " I learned how to receive items in and to put them away  I also learned outbound the management was great and co workers was great  its not really hard just the learning of the different areas ", " i enjoyed working for this company things just happened and i had to relocate. Very busy and productive but i enjoyed it for the most part, they don't give you alot of time to learn how things work. ", " I really love my job, but the hours are very long and its redundent work day in and day out. You spend more time at this job than with your own family. I get to learn alot in my department, but the advancement part of it needs lots of work. I do enjoy the unlimited amount of overtime because thats the only way some of us will survive.. ", " Work was long and very tiresome. Pay is not equal to work that is expected of you. Management was not friendly and very condescending ", " Amazon Fullfilment center in Murfreesboro,Tn. was a disapointing work experience.  There was little to no training on new tasks and hard work was rarely recognized.  My co-workers were all nice people and easy to get along with, but management was very reactive in nature and not able to answer a lot of work related questions. ", " I enjoyed working at Amazon.  It was a hard, physically exhausting day, but when I left, I truly felt like I had done a good days work and was proud of myself.  Helping to train the never ending new employees was also a joy, I really do like helping people.  Management was okay, however, they, in my opinion were more concerned about numbers than their employees.  The job overall was \"hard\" - that's a pretty harsh word, but accurate - as I said, I felt that I did a good job and left feeling that I had accomplished something every single day. ", " Amazon is a great place to work.The buildings are very secure. Most people are friendly. The management team is very geared towards developing the team. Amazon is extremely concerned with employee safety and constantly ensure that duties are being performed as safely as possible. ", " Early Start late finish I learned how a to adapt to change on the fly the management team was forever changing I loved my co-workers my job was full of changes I loved it, it was challenging I enjoyed working with a diverse group of dedicated people ", " This job you can do mostly in the summer because your customers buy your products and services on that part of the year, therefore, is a temporary job but very nice place to work ", " The management is unprofessional and inexperienced. Days at work seemed long and sluggish. I enjoyed learning new skills. It was a good first time job. ", " i really enjoyed working at this warehouse i learned to stock, inventory, stocking, receiving etc.. i enjoyed working at amazon ", " typical day at work is just counting the inventory and what I've learned is that in order for to advance in the company you have to be buddy buddy with the mangers, and the managers don't know how to treat people as well as talk to them, my co-workers some do there job and there are some that are just lazy and don't do there job.  The only  hard part about this job is advancing.   there is nothing enjoyable about working for Amazon.. ", " A great place to work. Fast pace on the shipping dock. I was responsible to get trucks loaded, sealed and ready for departure at the required time. Management was great. they knew I was expierenced to perform their positions from the position I had retired at VDOT. co-workers were hard working in order to get the trucks loaded on time which was also the hardest part of the job. We worked to meet the metrics of one thousand parcels per hour if I remember correctly. automated lines separated parcels but they had to be hand loaded into various shipping company trailers.There was opportunity to advance and I'm told the people I worked with have advanced to higher positions. rules and regs were as expected, safety inspections nightly. docking proceedures had to be followed. \"walkies\" had to be pre-use inspected and forms up to date. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Very fun easy going work day. I got along well with all co workers and management. However the work wasn't challenging and at times didn't feel I was moving forward. ", " The job is a great stepping stone. If you need money now type of thing with benefits included. How ever there is way too much favoritism in the building. 10 hour shifts with 30 minute lunch. every building is different. But overall it is a boring environment. If your looking for a fun and exciting place to be amazon is definitely not it. If your looking to just work and make good money and receive good benefits to help you advance in something else. then yes definitely ccome work at amazon. ", " Work hard have fun make history Enjoyable and challenging Wealth of knowledge from CO-workers More reactive than pro active Enthusiastic workforce Strive to succeed Customer Obsessed ", " There are a lot of incredibly smart people but at times the pace of the work is incredibly intense to a degree that people get burned out.  Major things are addressed while some smaller items of concern are overlooked.  It is a very dynamic workplace which is great but also a challenge as there isn't much time to take care of little things around the workplace.  Very tough place for a work/life balance. ", " Having to go through the security can be a hassle at times. I learned a lot of body mechanics and safety procedures. Management is always available. Don't have much time to speak with coworkers separate stations. Hardest part about this job is taking a break on a 15 minute break when the break room is almost 3-5 miles depending on where you are located in the building. ", " fast pace, team player,  reliable. great team work great trainers. easy to catch on. hardest part about the job is working 12 hour shifts breaks go by really fast. parking suck during peak time. learning how to work at a fast pace was a interesting experience. ", " Amazon is an equal opportunity employer. They provide excellent benefits and opportunities to their employees. The environment is one that is fun and very fast paced. For the most part it is laid back place to work. The typical work day is 10 hours depending on what shift a person is assigned to. Management is very helpful and always available to address employees' concerns. ", " Let's talk about feeling oppressed and wasting time.  No movement in terms of promotions.  Top performers are treated like trash and trashed for their efforts in front of the team.  All efforts to help and help others succeed are not appreciated by management.  Management is quick to retaliate if anything is brought to light. beware! ", " Great company to work for  Great benefits Meeting new people Different cultures  Different backgrounds Learn about all different paths of the job ", " Work flow is steady but they treat their empolyers with respect Learned the importance of shipment and packing Coworkers give me the motivation of working hard and taking the job serious The long hours is the hardest part but is always beatible The attitude of management is very good and that makes the job enjoyable ", " Great place to work. Really enjoy working with such wonderful people. I built really good skills to put towards my life and future jobs. ", " When i first started working at amazon i really enjoyed it. However now not so much. Management has switched up a lot of things and it's for the worse. ", " Amazon is a good place to work but is hard going sometimes with only a half hour break in 8 hour day. I will credit Amazon as I have worked my way up and improved my IT skills within Amazon which is a fantastic opportunity. The management is brilliant and the team I work with are amazing. Plenty of benefits/discounts within Amazon but could do with a few more \"local\" benefits/discounts. ", " Basically all you would do is scan, pile, and wrap boxes. You have a certain quota to meet when you are scanning boxes. You have to do 165 boxes per hour. It is an easy job but very demanding. Management is okay. You would hardly ever talk to them unless it is something important or morning briefing. Some are nice and some don't care that you are there. Co-workers are great you would meet a lot of people and make a lot of friends as well. The hardest part of the job is trying to make scan meets everyday. You get all types of different boxes and you have to get 3 at a time and scan them to pallets. If you don't meet them you will be talked to about what is going on. You might even be let go if you can't keep up or move to slowly. One thing I hate is you don't always know when you are going home. Depending on daily demands for how many boxes need to be sent out and ready, tells you when you go home that day. For example, if there needs to be 97,000 sent out that day they will split it between both shifts. Then depending how fast everyone scans tells if you are going home on time. If you work a 9am to 1pm shift and they thing that the boxes won't get sent out in time then they will add an extra hour. You will then have to leave at 2pm if you can't stay till 2 and leave at 1pm you will get points. You have to make 6 points to get terminated. ", " Busy, fast paced and physically demanding work environment. Long working days but goes by quickly because of the work pace. Co-workers are great and lots of people with the same work mentality. The hardest part of the job is achieving your rate goals, once you become acclimated to the environment, achieving those goals becomes easy. ", " I use to love to work there and thought i could move up and advance but after 4 years I slowly began to figure out the hard way that that wasn't going to happen.  I worked hard there for 7 years and tried to show that i deserved to move up in the company but they saw otherwise so that was why i made the decision to leave and go back to school. ", " I loved the hours especially the over-time. They were understanding and worked with where you wanted to be placed. There was plenty of work to do so you were never bored. They made sure you had fair breaks and even had ATM's in the break room if you forgot lunch and needed food. ", " I enjoyed working with amazon, there was always a job to day and the day went in a lot faster when we were working.  the pay was good the hours were long but by the end of the week it was worth it. ", " The job was okay, it was a temp job or seasonal job and you work hard. work early hours and night hours. day shift and night shift. ", " Work was moderate we have breaks every couple of hours and a nice break room, lots of space. Management was very nice, when u needed little stuff they were on top if it. But other then that would send you to HR. The hardest part was working 3rd shift 6pm to 5am and the most enjoyable part was the people who worked there. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The hardest part of working at Amazon.com is recognizing that you are just a \"number\". As long as you show up to work and achieve the goals that the management has given to you, you will be successful and be able to continue your employment with Amazon.com. If you are looking for a career that makes you feel valuable, uses your talents and knowledge, and truly cares about you as a person, then this is not a job for you. At Amazon.com, you are easily replaceable; as they hire new individuals almost every day. ", " Many policies prevented actual effectiveness in close-call situations. It seemed to me that these policies almost promoted time being wasted. Disorganization concerning equipment was also a concern to productivity. A practice of promoting new mgmt positions into fields where they had no experience also seemed questionable.  Otherwise, with benefits, a precise overtime schedule and a unique time off system, they were a good company to work for. I'd recommend to anyone. ", " Great place to work in, with all of the benefits for workers, fully working canteen, great ratio of breaks/working hours (10.5 hour shift, two 15 minutes breaks and one 30 minutes long) high, but possible to do targets, everyday briefing with managers,high level HR, superiors were always friendly and ready to help, same as co-workers. 40 hour working shift up to 60 hours with overtime, really good wage. Unfortunately for me, it was only temporary work, for 3 months before Christmas. ", " Amazon is the hands down worst job I've ever had. They have ridiculous conditions and have a warehouse so full of junk that it makes it hard to even do your job correctly. ", " Working at amazon was okay. It was hard maintain because I never worked at a warehouse before but I got used to it. I learned how too multitask more and how to work in a fast-pace environment ", " This place is nothing more then a dating service for the young kids they bring in. I have never seen so much childish drama in my life. They don't care who they bring it because at the end of the day we are all slaves. They treat there employees like they are nothing, the hr. department is full of caddy women who think they are on a high horse so they treat everyone like nothing. This place is just a big Amistad slave ship. You have to ask to go to the bathroom or you will get written up, you don't get your full breaks which is against the law! We don't have a union and if we even think about trying to get one they will fire you. They don't want to pay you when you go on leave do to an injure at there company. They ill find ever way to not pay you. All in all the money is ok if your a single parent like myself, but the treatment is truly poor. you guys have seen the news about amazon being unfair for workers....ITS TRUE ", " Management does not treat employees with respect. Job advancement is based on who is liked the most by management. GM does not listen to employees nor is there action taken when necessary for issues. All about numbers. ", " Friendly people, fun environment, pay is decent, long hours, easy. Room for growth. Not boring. Learn many different functions. ", " I am not especially happy talking abot amazon work. Many people are not friendly, feeling higher than simple agency employer. Also all employers which have target feel pressure always work more faster, better and etc. Amazon have pluses, but not more. For example free voichers for dinner, free coffe, cookies, ice cream if day are hot or especially busy. ", " Outside of being told less than 24 hours that you will be required for mandatory overtime and that you get no future notice of being laid off from the job, working for Amazon is great!! ", " I worked for the Coffeyville Ks location. ( Now Closed ). The work is easy and the hours are ok depending on what shift you get on. If you are lucky enough to be selected to become a full time Amazon employee the job is awesome. However to get to that point you have to endure Staff Managments bull ", " One gets paid a solid salary but you have to work hard so be ready. If your not ready to work hard and for long hours you won't survive a week. ", " typical day at amazon is writing reports to managers all day . different kind of people from all over come here to experience amazons benefits and work environment ", " I started with Amazon as an hourly associate and earned my way to management over the course of 3 years. I loved my job as Area Manager, but the upper management and GM were simply terrible people. There was never a sense of appreciation for the associates or managers who were spending 60-70 hours a week making them look great.  The only time you would see upper management on the floor was when they were out for blood.  It wouldn't matter if you were running an amazing shift or breaking records, they were there to find something as small as a piece of paper on the floor and would use that to belittle and berate managers to the point of ridiculousness. This cut-throat style may have worked 10 years ago, but it doesn't now and it shows in the turnover rate for both managers and associates. ", " if your working here during peak season and just need a couple paychecks this the job for you trying a career out of it find another place bad turnover rate ", " It is not the best job ever i had to walk 10+ hours every single day and stow items on the shelf, although i liked the manager he was outgoing and understood his work ethics, ", " Gives everyone a chance to get their foot in the door during peek season. The job has a nice atmosphere where everyone is friendly and hard working. Gives you the chance to grow relationships with the community and anyone living around the area. It was a nice way to stay in shape and out of trouble. Amazing job overall. ", " my work was really good at amazon ,plus that i like to work hard there and i have been working in amazon for almost 4 years of hard working. ", " it wasnt all they said it would be when hired need more oppurtunities to move up in the company and make your employees feel important ", " A day of work here could consist of stowing packages or scanning packages virtually from location to location. The majority of the positions require continuous heavy lifting. At times, the atmosphere is very laid back.  I learned how the reverse logistics process works.  This company is very diverse.  The hardest part of the job is trudging through the sixty hour over time weeks.  Meeting new people was a very enjoyable part of this job. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazing experience. I was able to effectively work from home. The company is very professional and they provide you with headsets too ", " Very disorganized, did not follow through on promises to workers.  Workers sent home because management could not schedule shifts correctly. ", " Typical day in my department come in at start shift due staffing.. when the shift begins make sure every station is filled and make sure orders get out on time ", " As a temp worker it was balanced of hard work and reward. In all a good experience. Right off the bat you start working and getting into flow of what to do on a daily basis. At times you may be called to do another type of job but that is a good thing to get you well rounded into the warehouse atmosphere. The peak season of working 11 hours a day wasn't all too enjoyable but the rewards were we'll worth it. ", " I found that the work here is easy but very repetitive, which is fine, if you don't mind that for 10 hours a day. The pay can be worth it if your pay doesn't get screwed up. However, during \"peak season\" (November - February) they hire thousands of people each month at each warehouse and in order to compensate for that they rewrite they're system to cause the numbers that inventory counters get to not match up with the numbers they are expected to get. This results in a quality write-up. After 3 of these quality write-ups. Your assignment is terminated (fired). ", " I do enjoy the work at amazon, the management is very helpful and encouraging, but the work hours are too long, and there is a long amount of standing.   The typical work day consists of a 10 hour shift which is mostly standing in one spot the whole shift, the only time I wouldn't be standing is if I'm on one of my two 15 minute breaks or my 30 mintue lunch, which are often cut short due to the distance I have to walk to any of the break rooms or locker rooms.     I would defiantly enjoy the job a lot more if the shifts were shorter or there was less standing.    I feel like amazon asks a lot of its employees to stand as long as we do. ", " It's great management and great co-workers it's just a hard work load. They put a lot on your shoulders. You go in, there's no music, no one talks, and you do the same thing over and over again. ", " Amazon advertising a great step to the OOH field of advertising, I meet amazing talented people; however, it is a limited field to work . over here a person can only focus on the out of home domain. its a limited field with limited amount of learning. Although on the other hand Co-workers over here are too much supportive as well as the company management, the only reason i want to switch is over here their are no growth opportunities, in terms of salary YES but in designation NO growth opportunity. the hardest part of job is when i got brief from the client and the location which the client demanded is not available or locked by the other client. the most enjoyable part of my job is when i meet with different brand manager, marketing managers e.t.c ", " Productive work place. Management trains you on what to do and are very helpful even after the training days are over. It requires a lot of walking and drinking water along with the proper clothing and footwear. ", " Integrity doesn't care about you never go thru them they hire all these ppl just to end up firing them because there's no work coming in if you're s stower ", " The hardest part of course was to work 60 hours per week during three consecutive weeks, but i would do it again if the company ned me . It was a shame that i had to give up in Amazon because of the closure of Edinburgh s bridge. And the best part of the job probably was the realationship with the co-workers. And i really like the normal shift, in which you work ten hours per day four days a week. ", " The hardest part was working in extreme conditions such as the heat and the walking and not being compensated for it and feeling unappreciative . They have great benefits but they include that in the compensation package so they try and make u think that u are actually making more an hour ", " gathering requirements,work life balance,training team members,gud work life balance,good co workers,great learning,friendly company for dogs ", " I am not able to speak about amazon at this time as I am under contracted privacy laws. If further information is required, I would be happy to speak more on my day to day activities and what the job that I currently do entails. ", " In general a pretty great place to work , decent compensation with advancement opportunities.  I came in as an entry level associate and am now in a teir 3 postion auditing the different departments in the building. The main draw back it the peak scheduling and the fact that I am also on night shift.     The associate culture in the building is a bit of a draw back as well. What used to be a culture of people wanting to do the best they could for their team and do what they could to come out rock stars , has turned into one of what have you done for me lately and bare minimum work with gripey attitudes. ", " Amazon is a very fun work place. The most enjoyable part of the job was working alongside my colleagues and learning from them. ", " Here at Amazon all co-workers are friendly, get along and willing to help each other. Safety is #1 in the entire facility. The hardest part of the job is remaining in a certain paste since there were times where the floor shut down and slowed down the entire facility not allowing workers to receive products to pack. The most enjoyable part of the job is getting to meet new workers and all of us working as a team. I believe it is awesome how the facility has vending machines of all working equipment such as gloves, box cutter, etc. ", " Superb company to work for- while there you are given 2 weeks of comprehensive training which equips you to do the job with confidence. Great support network of management, colleagues and an escalations team so you're never left in the dark.  Only qualm would be due to the nature of their business they cannot provide any guarantee of a job after December. Its such a great environment and atmosphere this can leave you very dispirited. ", " The salary at Amazon was amazing however the incredible long hours and the Culture is horrendous. I was an operations manager but had 0 power to influence change. This is exact opposite from what Amazon touts as a trait they like to see in employees. I was a mindless robot who was forced to be a yes man. The only manager who survive here are the ones with a short resume and have fear to find another job. The top level (site) managers are experienced but have a fear that someone will take their job so the overcompensate by being harsh and unhelpful.  Bezos needs to anonymously spend a day at one of his facilities to which he will be extremely shocked to see his exceptional 12 leadership traits are nothing but a suggestion. I quit a job that provided a 6 figure income and six figure bonus with stock options worth $250K because the job was so unrewarding and mindless. I now refer Amazon as the Anti-Christ. I love their documented proposed culture but the realistic day to day life was not as advertised. ", " Amazon is a systematic producer of endless opportunities and growth. Maybe that's why it's one of the most diverse and prosperous companies on earth today. The managers dedicate themselves to the idea of empowering others no mater origin and background. Naturally, the work is abundant but the pay,culture, benefits and making history is always worth it. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " is a nice place to work for a while. Good pay, nice coworkers, it gives a balance during week so you can spend time whit family, good benefits. ", " I am still yet to find a place where i can compare the friendly working cooperation been exhibited in the company. All the workers carry out their responsibilities as a team. ", " This is a great place to learn skills that will stay with you all your life and can be applied to all different types of situations and jobs. Problem solving, leadership skills, thinking outside the box, Kaizen training. Managment is iffy depending on your location and department but if you get a good manager, life here can be wonderful.  My experience with this particular company left a sour taste in my mouth. It takes two years for your benefits to vest meaning 401k, Stock, ect. The trick is surviving in this shark tank long enough to aquire them. I worked extremely hard for two years, no disciplinary marks or issues, I cut it close on my personal time a couple of times because of illness but overall I was an excellent employee. I excelled at everything put in front of me and was one of the most sought after problem solvers in my location. Three days before my 2 year anniversary I was let go in what is termed a temporary termination. I was terminated for a three minute discrepancy on my time sheet. As I signed my termination paperwork I was given a paper with a rehire date asking me to come back to work in 30 days at base pay and my benefit accrual would start over. Suffice to say I never returned. I worked to hard to start over for two dollars less and no benefits. I believe that this job is a good temporary position but if you are looking for long term employment only accept a salary position with a contract. ", " Through this job I gained warehouse experience as well as discipline. I had to learn to stay awake and work hard in a 40+ hour work week.The management There was really good. They made sure that all of their employees were always on task and meeting company rates. The hardest part of the job was the amount of hours you were required to work a day. The most enjoyable part of the job was payday. I loved seeing my checks at the end of all the hard work. ", " There are times that work is productive and unproductive at the same time. The hardest part of the job is making your numbers. ", " My first taste of warehouse experience was with Amazon. I am hooked on the warehouse atmosphere and enjoy the warehouse environment. The hardest part of the job is the first week when your feet hurt. After that, it's a breeze. Because of my exposure with Amazon, I seek warehouse employment. ", " This job was a great experience for me to improve my interpersonal skills. Before working here i had been a bit more shy around people, but this job helped me to open up. ", " Lacking a culture conducive to a positive productive work force. No leadership as in providing inspiration and motivation to its employees. They drive at the expense of the employee  their results. ", " The HR department is very unresponsive and very difficult to comtact outside of wortk. They never called me back so I could explain my situation. Then sent me a form email sayin I was terminated. ", " I would rather not review this company. Thank you for understanding and respecting my decision at this time. have a great day!. ", " Good things and bad. somethings overall were good others could have been better. The benefits were good. The hours were too long. I like shorter days. ", " Compensation here is good. Typical days can range from all hands on deck, to dead as a door nail. Everyone is great fun, no one allows you to wear a frown!   Time keeping is strict, but the rewards are amazing! ", " Its a Job, but not one that you could turn into a career, most don't get noticed let alone promoted. The pay is good and decent benifits ", " There is many different jobs you can do. I am a picker. A picker is someone who walks up to 12 miles a day picking the items that customers buy. ", " They have no concern for the associates. The work is very redundant and you pretty much do the same thing every day for ten hours a day. You have to work pretty much all the major holidays. The Human resources department is minimal and only seems to care about the company. It is extremely hard to advance unless you get in good with the managers and have been there for years. ", " The amount of work that is available is great for someone trying to get on their feet. The fast-paced environment helps the days go by quicker, but the constant walking makes for a good workout. ", " Keeps the wolf from the door. Grueling manual labor. mind numbingly boring, but not difficult work. Excellent benefits package and usually as much over time as you want. ", " A typical day at work? Tiresome. I learned how to multitask very well. Management is sketchy. Co-workers were very friendly and always willing to lend a helping hand. The hardest part of the job was learning how to multitask between different machines. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting my friendly co-workers, and gaining insight on what actually happens before a customer receives their product. ", " I rated 3 because you can earn good money, but you'll have to give up your time with family to do so.   The environment is very harsh and demotivating for people who appreciate guidance. ", " I love my job at Amazon. There are a few departments that have their favorites. But if you do your work you have nothing to worry about. An average day for me is to keep the robots going, floors free from product, and helping as many people as I can. I had the opportunity to go and train new associates in New Jersey for 3 weeks. That was so awesome. Now Amazon is offering Career Choice, where they help you get a degree and pay up 95% classes and books. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The 10 hour shifts with large amounts of madatory overtime do not cover for the minimum wage pay provided. The management was handled poorly because they can barely keep us motivated. Alot of workers want to leave home all the time and when they do offer us voluntary time off the give us a slap in the face by cancelling it after everyone who needed it signed up. ", " I work pack and I absolutely love it it's fun real fast paced but everyone in my dept is awesome and cool it's alot of standing but beats my last job as a cart pusher easily ", " Overall Fast workplace, never stop, always working but benefits and overtime is awesome and overall it works around my schedule for life ", " They aren't really a great company to work for on the entry level. Work is made hard on purpose to the point where lots of people cant meet the work standard. ", " This job is everything the movie shown at the interview says it is! You will work endlessly. You will stand for the entire shift. You will stay quiet until your break or you will make mistakes. You have to respect it, though because Amazon tells you what the job entails in the interview. There are no surprises. An added bonus is the sleep you get after your shift! ", " Unreliable transport which was provided, where being on time would be affected. Pretty tiring where working as a picker meant I had to bend down and stretch up constantly for around 6 - 10 hours during a shift. Safety hazards weren't well too since a rat ran across my feet, where I could have tripped over it or accidentally ran it over with the cart I was pushing. ", " More than 200 parcels in harrow or wembley lot of parking tickets, low salary, 10-12 hours per day.Not recommended at all. ", " its ok not the best place to work high targets for demand within a learning curve of 4 weeks difficult to maintain a steady balance of work and social life ", " poor from top to bottom, atomosphere is shocking, feels more like a punishment to work there, wouldn't recommend this job to anyone ", " A typical day at amazon was first stretching to ensure all your muscles are stretched so you don't get injured, then you went to your work station, where you performed your task you were assigned. Working with amazon i have met alot of great people, it was very friendly, everyone made sure you were safe and no one got hurt. Amazon made sure you didn't lift any thing heavy, you always had someone around to help you. management helped you when you had an issue, they always came around and if they didn't know an answer they made sure you knew the answer before the end of shift.  The hardest part of the job was standing on your feet all day, walking a lot of miles per day, and lifting constantly along with heavy lifting. ", " it was good and i love doing physical work and you get your bad days but you just have to carry on..the people in the work place are very lovely and they work as a team too..and you dont get any problems there. ", " This place is an alright place to work. You have no downtime and they pay you way little for what you do. You only get 8 sick days a year which is pretty ridiculous. You can lose your job over a fever even with a doctor's note. ", " Great place to earn immediate cash and have fun working. Great place for warehouse experience and fast place to move up in promotions. ", " just an awful workplace, the management doesnt care about its employees and the work/life balance is ridicolous in favor if work ", " It was hard to maneuver with the politics at this company.  The C-Level management acted more like a click than a resource.  Not fantastic in motivation. ", " i really disliked the company and how they treated employees , it was not a good work enviorment  the breaks where to short given e had 10 hour shifts, ", " The start of the day was \"Stand Up\" this is where we did some exercises to get us ready for the day of pickings. In our standup we also were told of reminders of safety and to also let us know of any up coming events ", " I'd rather not write a review..but i will say this....this is a good starter job for someone out of High School or a retiree. ", " Amazon has been a great place to work. Very fast paced environment where they push their employees above and beyond in a good way! ", " This job would be a good start for someone that is just walking into the working world. However, it can be very physically demanding and tiresome after long ours and pulling various amounts of overtime. On the bright side, advancement is an opportunity. And the pay is really good considering it is weekly. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " As far as benefits, and compensation, Amazon was amazing to work for. But they have entirely to many people in managers positions,  which makes it really difficult to know where to receive instructions. and there are not nearly enough breaks. ", " i was assigned to different areas so i could learn different areas .the only bad thing about it is that it is to hard to get on first shift  i learned alot about recieving product in on a computer system ", " Management and operations personal need addition training as technologies changes, ", " I enjoyed my nearly two year tenure at Amazon but what I came to realize that it is an environment that is not for the family oriented, weak hearted, or anyone who enjoys having a life outside of their work environment. Big projects mean long hours, but the work provided is mentally challenging and forces you to grow in all ways to meet your role. There is a future here for those who do not have many obligations outside of work, and who are interested in being apart of something new and exciting. I worked in advertising so the work was a bit mundane and repetitious but there are other organizations who are changing the way companies of this scale, think and disseminate information. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job was the fast pace.  However it seem everyone keep to themselves employees and management. ", " Safe, Fun, Work environment that has a team that is willing to work with you and your health. I Learned that team work and dedication to the job makes work more easier. But the long hours on my feet, soon to ache my body; i eventually got used to it and the work became more easier. ", " A typical day at work consisted of tyranic managers who worked you like slaves. Incomprehensible HR associates also the fear of losing your job at any second. ", " I pack and wrap customers orders I handle inventory as well as the vendors supplies. I stack boxes on the truck to be delivered ", " fun place to work lots of goals to meet daily witch made the work day go by fast. managers were friendly but strict at the same time but thats what you need in a thriving bussiness. lots of colleagues to talk to and work with making it that much better to meet new people and learning to work as a team to make production faster. learned alot about packing the way u pack items making sure there secure and safe. the hardest part of the job was the very long hours of packing it would make your feet and arms sore by the end of the day but was well worth it. ", " I had really bad management and an awful HR team. But everything else like coworkers, company games, them trying to be positive and upbeat was awesome. I sadly was sexually harassed by multiple employees and 2 managers and reported it and they never did anything about it:/ ", " wouldn't mind going back. good pay. good hours. I enjoyed working there. nice people good environment. long days but once you get use to it, it becomes easy ", " Warehouse job very blue collar standing and walking for 8-10 hrs a day walking up to 15 miles a day, and heavy lifting up to 50lbs repeatly. ", " packer -just make bxes for items that need to be boxed and make sure you accuratley scan them -you lift up to at last 50 lbs  the hardest part of the job is working 10 hours straight having to do strenuous work that might affect your back. you will most likely experience body pains and aches. ", " one of the most interesting Lithuanian factory jobs, where youre working with glass, cutting it and shaping it. Work is hard ,but interesting, payment is big according to country (Lithuania) ", " Just no comprehension of easy they make things twice as hard as it needed to be they expected more than what could be accomplished. ", " Amazon is a great workplace with great people and great benefits. Coworkers are awesome and I enjoy training new associates. ", " This job is very physical work oriented. The people there are fun to work with. During peak season, Nov thru Dec, you will have no outside life. ", " I work a PM shift Sunday - Wednesday. As a PM shift manager my ultimate goal is route completion and achieving the best statistics possible, First time delivery, concessions etc.  I manage a team of 6, managing 13 delivery service providers overseeing 250+ drivers. Stepping up to cover the Operations manger when needed.  Hardest part of the job is in peak periods however that then becomes the most satisfying as an operation we really push boundaries but when you achieve your goals it certainly does become very rewarding!  I enjoy leading my team and leading by example. ", " Sitting in front of the computer for hours sorting out problems for customers on the phone, email and chat, the management was very encouraging and supportive. co-workers were most of the time too busy, but fun when they are free for a chat. The most difficult thing about this job was not being able to help the customer, while the most enjoyable part is the satisfaction you get from knowing the customer is very pleased with the service rendered. ", " Overall, Amazon was a decent place to work. The schedule was a bit rough and the rate expectations were high, but the pay and benefits made up for it. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I would NOT recommend Amazon as a company to work for. The targets they set are totally unrealistic and unable to be reached without tweaking the figures. They have a three strikes and your out policy and some of the things you can get a \"point\" for is just silly. ", " I briefly worked at Amazon and I must say I enjoyed it. They have people that go around and have one on ones with you to make sure you're comfortable and that everybody is treating you fairly. Five star job!!!! ", " The Amazon fulfillment Center is a warehouse in a place where everyone helps each other,challenges each other as well making you challenge yourself. ", " A typical day at work begins with stand-up in your department. This includes announcements, reminders of standard work, safety, various department/facility news bits, and stretching exercises. After this is concluded, you have a set amount of time to get to your station and/or starting place in the mods (no more than 10 minutes, if you're lucky) and begin your work. Management keeps almost obsessive track of your time on task, and will be after you if you exceed a certain amount, breaks not included.  Some management members are nice to work with.  Co-workers can be a God-send, especially during mandatory overtime weeks, and peak season. They will soon become your work family. ", " Great benefits, good pay, and the schedule will need getting used to but you will get the hang of it. Full time you will only have to work 4 days. ", " It's a very physical job but it's a fun place to work at. Amazon has a lot of incentives for their employees to promote. I would highly recommend Amazon to any family members or friends. ", " Fun work place with supportive management. All about numbers and exceeding them. phone lines never answered if needed for a sickness or late days for notifying management. ", " Everything is very unorganized one min we dont have to come in on Thanksgiving till 9. And then 3 days before Thanksgiving they tell us you all have to come in at 630 if its your regular day to work. I find that very messed up especially since i made plans and now i have to cancel them. ", " amazon is a very good place to work at, the benefits they offer here are great. everyone is friendly and easy to talk too, always willing to help out in anything you need. we always make history in this building trying to stay on top for this building. very exciting place if you were to just stop in a see it you will be amaze like I was and still is. ", " On my LinkedIn, you'll find detailed descriptions of every position I've done thus far with recommendations, endorsements, another copy of my resume, and a picture. ", " young  and qualified staff ,fun work place , enough working hours per week , safe working area ,great variety of things to learn ", " Basically, there are a lot of things to pick up and learn from Amazon. I was involved in Sort/Slide where packages are sorted and push to the respective lanes. I was also part of the scanning team where packages are scanned and placed for distribution. ", " Taylorism for the 21st century.  Constant minute-by-minute monitoring of work rate.  Regularly raising production rates without raising wages.  Management treating employees like children.  Constant massive turnover rate.  Not a fun place to work at.  Not a good company to work for. ", " fast paced working environment and fun to work there. Very engaging and physically demanding but quite good a place to work especially when looking for season jobs ", " Very busy environment, people that worked for this company were lovely and very helpful, Agency reps I found were no help. ", " Fun to be a part of team each year that consistently sets new records for the network.  IND1 is the highest volume facility in the NA network and is the backbone for the company. ", " Working at Amazon distribution was enjoyable and I learned about everything to do with order picking there. The only problem was that it was only a temporary position ", " It's a great place to work. Allows employee the space to do the work with the right training and access to all the information we need to do the job. ", " I was a seasonal employee and never really had a chance to stay on longer than a month or two, but I look back on my time there fondly. ", " Job was close to home, pay was low and work was hard, insurance was outrageous in cost, and co-pays high. My family suffered due to excessive hours "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I currently work in LEX2, which is the Returns warehouse. My normal shift consists of processing returned items and determining whether or not the item is able to be resold or stowed away. Other parts of the job include receiving the boxes and removing the papers, packing peanuts, and bubble wrap from the boxes and sending them down the line. The job itself is monotonous and can be boring and tedious at times. The only pro about this job is that I was hired in as an Amazonian, which means I don't have to put up with the temporary agency BS along with Amazon's BS. It's also the only reason I've stayed at this job as long as I have.   The management aren't bad people, but they sorely lack basic leadership and people skills. They're almost always looking at their computers and not walking the floor unless there's some sort of urgency to get more returns down the line or to give you 'feedback' on your performance. Rate is nearly impossible to meet unless you 'cherry pick' or do other things that are not allowed in Amazon's guidelines. And their rate is 100% or above and 41 units per hour, which means if you're at 99.99 percent rate, you can still be coached as if you're at 60 percent or something. In other words, you can miss rate by very little, and be treated like you're a slacker. It's garbage and that guideline needs to change. The only time anything gets done is if you can find a manager to talk to, and even then, it's rare something gets taken care of in a timely manner.   There's also a clash of cultures in the warehouse. Many people are rude and bump into you and rarely ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> apologize. Also, those that are in Process Guide roles or Problem Solving either have limited English speaking skills or none at all, which can lead to some conflict. Also, those that audit our returns don't go by consistent guidelines, but by what they consider sell-able merchandise or unsaleable. I've been at this job for 4 months and can safely tell you that I can perform any job in that place with proper training, yet it seems like the more eager you are to advance, the harder they make it on you to do so.   Regardless, Amazon is bigger than Walmart and the job security makes me feel at peace. I also really enjoy the UPT and PTO that you can use at your leisure, but don't go into the negative with UPT or you'll be submitted for termination. I currently have 60+ hours worth of UPT and a couple of hours of PTO, so I'm in great shape when it comes to the winter weather and other factors that may keep me from reporting to work.   Bottom line: Management doesn't have any connection with the associates and most are micromanaged until they're fired or they quit. I couldn't imagine being a temporary worker and dealing with both sides of management where coachings happen on a regular basis and there's usually never any real positive feedback other than saying, 'Good job\" every so often. ", " packing moving around working with others learn how to work around others and how to on time and how to work get it done as fast as possible ", " it is a good company with good leaders and great vision in this IT industry, the work environment is not as good as other tech compan ", " for the money amazon starts you out with it is not a bad job. they have a lot of shift options and if you get hired on they have good benefits ", " i enjoy making sure that the customers get good quality product. a typical day u work a ten hour shift. and u have to make a quota of three hundred items. ", " In being employed with Amazon, I was randomly selected to be thrown into the Pick department. Here, you use an RF Scanner to pull orders to be sorted, packed, and shipped. Sounds easy enough, and it isn't difficult, but what gets you is the quota.  Whereas in other parts of the warehouse your rate is dependent on what kind of items you are dealing with (small, medium, large, multi, single, etc.), the pick department rate is consistent. Our warehouse was 100 UPH. That means 100 items need to be picked every hour you work.  This is over the course of a 10 hour shift. You do get 2 paid 15 minute breaks and one unpaid 30 minute lunch break. So, technically, while you only pick for 9.5 hours, you're still expected to get 1000 picks for the whole day.  So the person going from one side of the warehouse to the other to get 2 large items is on the same scale as the person in one aisle for an hour picking hundreds of items. And trying to bring this up to management? They could care less. If you can't hit their numbers, you're out. You cant transfer departments unless you're making rate, and all they sum it up to is that there are people making rate every day.  It comes down to luck. There are days I had 1500 picks, and there are days I had 800. But that's irrelevant to the company. They want their numbers. They dont care how many people they have to lose or how many people they'll upset, they just want their numbers. ", " Always on customer side whether right wrong or just rude and disrespectful to their employees. It sucks!! Don't wrkhere. Training does not prepare you for what really goes on once you are on the phones ", " Nice steady job, with great benefits and good pay. It is a fast paced production warehouse with overall good people who are eager to encourage. ", " The hardest part of the job is going in the box and finding the items when you are a picker. The good thing about it is you have to be productive. ", " I have always enjoyed coaching and mentoring of people. This  has been a passion of mine since starting my career in the call centre and use other peoples weakness to develop my strengths. I am passionate about work and always ensure that I leave only when I am happy with the effort I put in for the day. I have learnt of ways to understand individuals and work together with people on their developments. ", " Working with Amazon has been an awesome experience. Its hard work, but you feel rewarded at the end of the day, because you know that you have satisfied so many custmers all over the country. You have that self accomplishment overall. It felt great working with such a diverse group of people.  Thank you.  Glynis Daugherty ", " long hours 10-12 hours a day on your feet the whole a little unorganized ", " Amazon, not integrity, is great if you enjoy being a cog in an endless machine of cogs and wheels.  Integrity folks are great considering that they do the best they can.  But Amazon staff, especially managers, are overpaid straight outta college crack pots who could not do the work they are managing for one week.  The work is brainless, the physical demands are extensive.  You will be especially happy at Amazon if you are great at brown nosing and have a talent for looking busy and doing nothing. ", " Very stressful job at Amazon. They will figure out what you're capable of doing in 50 hours and then give you more. Compensation package includes a lot of stocks which are valuable. ", " Amazon was a good experience for me. It was a fast paced job That kept me busy and let the day go by faster, however after some time packing boxes all day wheres on you. ", " But shortly after getting hired, upper management was replaced with a cutthroat group of managers. As we were told in a meeting: \"If Data Center Technicians were smart they wouldn't be working in a data center\" among other disrespectful gems.  The department couldn't motivate people with low pay and long hours, so they deliberately crippled the work conditions as a motivation.  The WORK was excellent, but management leaves quite a lot to be desired.  The pay is not high enough to deal with the many other inconveniences of working 100 miles from the nearest city. ", " Amazon is a great place to work for because of the people you will be able to meet. It is great to know that you might go down one section of the building and find someone new that you have never seen before. ", " Fast paced and continuously changing environment with advancement opportunities, competitive wages, and a diverse group of employees. The most exciting and also challenging part of the Amazon experience was that it was ever changing. ", " good place to work with good benifits only problem is the lack of any kind of background noise that makes for very long shifts of silence ", " Management uses favoritism, Learned basic warehouse objectives. co workers were lazy! Hardest part of the job, was listening to the bullshht the leaders told. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Its a great place to work with the nice people in your department and great environment to work. They have a bus to take you to work. ", " great job ,great people just needs to pay more they managers really show that they care and always on the front line of safety the only problem is the pay ", " The most enjoyable part of this job was meeting new customers everyday. The hardest part was to satisfy unhappy customers. The management was great and flexible with scheduling. ", " A Fun and comfortable place to work, get exercise daily, get all kinds of warehouse experience, pay stops at 12:75 tier 1, may move up to tier 3 or salary to get more pay. Great benefits, get stock if work there for 2 years through amazon. ", " The pay and benefits were ok.  The work was boring and repetitive.  Zero opportunity for advancement. ", " The hardest part of this job was there was no variety, I enjoy learning and being able to perform different duties on the job. The more variety the better. I really enjoy meeting new people and learning new things. ", " too much favoritism management is unprofessional not too much room for advancement you learn different postions great co-workers ", " Good Days, Bad Days but a fun job, Just keep to yourself and work. Lost weight working here, Some good coworkers to surround yourself with. Management is alright. Busy Days are the hardest because you have to put speed in your performance. Wear comfortable shoes or  work boots or your feet will be hurting ", " love this place, benefits are great once you become permanant , PAs Managers and Gm a very friendly understanding and are in the best benefit of workers ", " They are caring about certain situations but there hours give you little to work with i life. Odd hours so it's hard to schedule anything to do besides sleep. The benefits are also cheap. ", " company is not so concerned about employees they worry more about products than employee safety. ", " long hours, good pay. the most enjoyable are the co-workers. and great compensation. ", " I am a hardworking person,  Management was always pushing you harder every day for productivity.  The shifts were long and you were on your feet the whole time.  I ended up quitting there. ", " N/A Still employed Has excellent benefits Hours are great..have 3 days off 10 hour shifts make it good for family time and has an excellent leave accommodations team ", " Amazon does not pay enough for the amount of work that they expect to be preformed, especially not for the physical strain that is put on your body on a daily basis. You literally walk nonstop for 9.5 hours a day. You're given a day and a half of training and then thrown out into the production floor. ", " Amazon will set you up to fail. Falsely accuse you of things when you were just doing your job. They harrass, bully and discriminate against there employees. This company like most has core values. But I was told that the core values (which more then likely were created by amazons founder Jeff Bazos) mean nothing and that all companies have them but no one follows them. Amazon also cheats the system, when it comes to cycle counts and following sorbainoxy/socs compliancy rules. If your boss (area manager) doesn't like you that person will do anything under the sun, including lying to get rid of you. Management needs to get into the same book, then work on getting on the same page. You do not learn alot at amazon because there training is very lacking, and once you do learn anything they change it and usually do not tell you so that you will fail. Concerning the protests in Seattle WA amazon is not installing air conditioning in its warehouses. Instead they are considered climate controll systems. All they are ment to do is try to keep the temp and humidity below 90 degrees. This way they do not have to give there employees an extended 5 minute break. The reason they are not considered air conditioning units, is that amazons warehouses are not insulated. Amazons main interest is to have only temporary employees rather then seasoned, trained, reliable and hard working amazon employees with benifits. Amazon in general is not a very people friendly place to work. ", " Amazon was a great competitive company to work for.They rewards you for hard effort work you perform.I learned you have to work in a fast pace to reach a quota. ", " The people are friendly its very fast pace inside the warehouse,good benefits,and good pay as well. I enjoyed the freedom at the job you dont have somebody standing watching you the whole day. ", " Why must companies leave out important info, before telling people after they left a job to go work for the them. Things should of been said out during the application  proceed. ", " friendly co workers management was great love meeting new people and working together "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " reat environment the  people where friendly and stayed on task which made my job very easy and mnageble so there were no problems upstairs or downstairs ", " A typical day at work would be going to meetings.  Coaching the associates, and helping them obtain their goals.  Taking Escalated calls from Customers. Also helping associates with difficult contacts.   I've learned how to manage my own time and be very productive. I've learned that I enjoy helping others to reach their goals.  The management was always available to help in any situation.   My co-workers were very good at teamwork.  The hardest part of my job was not being able to give the customers what they were requesting, as much as I wanted to, sometimes it's just not possible.  The most enjoyable part of my job was helping the associates, and coaching them to success. ", " Very fast paced, constantly moving around &amp; always busy. If you work a night shift you have little to no day life. Work is tough and makes you wanna just sleep all day when you are off. ", " Very high paced environment, especially around peak season. Expect to work 55-65 hours off peak and up to 95 hours during peak from thanksgiving until christmas. ", " Amazon was a good experience for me. It was a fast paced job That kept me busy and let the day go by faster, however after some time packing boxes all day wheres on you. ", " great job with good pay. fast pasted environment. excited to go to work everyday. all you do is stand in one spot all day and make boxes pretty easy job ", " my day at work was really making lots of fun but also showing our productivity and cover the busy ordering of the line .the most enjoyable part was that i knew a lots of new people from other countries other culture ,the hardest part of job was that we should do extra h . ", " The work involved in an Amazon facility is not hard at all. It can easily be done. However, the management can make or break the job. If the management is good, the job will be enjoyable and the environment will be positive and supportive. If the management is bad, the environment is slow and they make you feel useless. The coworkers range from students to the elderly and are genuinely kind and fun to be around. The job is fairly light in terms of labor, but can become labor intensive if you are not perpared. The repetition of the job eventually begins to affect your perfomance. ", " Management and Co-workers were easy to work for. You're always on your feet and always moving. You can never be bored at this job with this type of environment because there is always something to do. ", " AMAZON.com does not care about its employee's they are more worried about making 54.3 million dollars a day. They are not organized they don't tell you the truth about working there. They cycle through people every 5 months. THEY OVER WORK AND UNDER PAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  They are a very greedy company to work for. The employyes are timed while they go to the bathroom they time every minute of the work day. They are not a gay friendly company to work for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I would not recomend AMAZON to anyone ever. A frind worked there with me for 5 months theywere fired for doing the job of 3 people but becasue they were not told by a manager to do the extra work. theywere  fired for going above and beyond......... The managers do nothing but walk arond all day with a laptop and if they are asked a question they do not know the answers to anything they say ill get back to you but blow you off and avoid you.... ", " fun enviroment  fast paced  decent lunch times  pretty smooth day everyday  friendly workers  good management  riding forklifts all day was the best thing ", " exciting, customer obsession driven position. Very challenging from day to day. Fun work place with supportive management. The most enjoyable part of job was meeting random people and learning/teaching each other, various people, various origins, various mentality, all of those made work environment unique and so special ", " working at amazon was a hard job yet easy as well, very easy to learn how to do the work . the management was okay , could've been better. there were some areas they need to work on. but overall it was a good experience . great benefits .plus you are cross trained and that's the best part because they allow you to learn a lot . ", " Amazon.com was a great company to work for. In order to keep your job you basically have to be very fast in shipping out the orders. I worked there for the christmas season and was very demanding job. They keep track of the orders your shipping out and if your not meeting the quota, one of the managers will come and give you ideas on how you can do the order more quickly. ", " this place was great place to work. i had a company truck, cell phone and gas card. started on bottom and after 10 years was was higher rank. ", " When you first start they tell you that you have a chance to become permanent, in thr year that ive worked here only one time. they converted, anf it was 10 people out of 100s. there us no motavation to come to work and work hard to get done soon because if u get done soon you go home w/o pay, your guarenteed 18hrs but 20 is still more than 18. You get flexed up last minuet, i mean 5:59 n you get off at 6:00, no respect or care its either stay or get points/term. The management plays favorites, anybody thats an ambassador, or pa is a suck up and good friends with management so they walk around n do nothing the whole time while everybody works. They dont train newhires worth darn,  the pallets are built really bad because of newhires that were just walked around the building instead of trained how to fix and build pallets. They dont care about saftey, osha would have a field day, 7-8 ft stacks of boxes on a pallet unwraped and being stacked on is a hazzard, unloading trucks   standin on stools an reaching for boxes is unsafe, you get paid the same unloading trucks everyday, or sorting flat envelopes,  or sorting boxes. The site leader is a joke, you ask a serious question and he starts throwing big words at you as if hes explaining something in detail, but, in actuality its just a complecated way of saying \"i dont know\" or\"eventually\" or  \"probly not\".this job needs union so bad its not funny. My advice, if your looking for a part time just for extra cash, it ok...dont come here to dfw8 and think your gonna be promoted, get a raise, be made permanent, treated with respect, or ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> be appreciated for anything, management is production happy, scan boxes at rate or seasonal assignment will be terminated is how they feel, they don care about anything but number, so thats all you should care about ", " The pace and expectations are not something that anyone would like to have as a permanent occupation. Advancement is limited. Management changes constantly, but is usually just moved around so no advancement. The BEST part is the amount of time off. The WORST part is the demanding nature and lack of acknowledgement. ", " advancement opportunities were scarce, if you were doing well in one certain position opportunities to move up were not in your consideration. hard work and exceeded expectations at times gone unnoticed. amazon motto is quality over quantity but in reality they make the rated function which items are needed to get out in a certain amount of time and pace over how the quality of the product is handled before shipment. a lot of favoritism between superiors and entry level in the warehouse. ", " As you start you're day at work with a briefing you work non stop for 10 hours strait with only a lunch brake and two 15 min brakes. Management will always be there for you but you will always have to go to them. ", " Amazon had many benefits however it was a slow paced temporary job in which was great for seasonal work and/or college students. I would work for amazon again if I was not a temporary associate. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It was a good job. It was a hard job but it was worth it. They always made sure their employees are safe and cared for. It was hard getting use to but after a few days, the hours flew by. ", " very fast paced with an ever moving bar that measures success. HQ is a much different place than the Fc world.  HQ is Much better and focused on team ", " Some of the people I work with are great and they're always helpful and positive whenever I need it. Sometimes we are able to do some fun activities during our breaks. Also, Amazon would have some great get together celebration for us employees, such as a christmas party or a summer picnic and many more. Learned a lot from this job, in which I know that if you work hard, everything will pay off and you'll appreciate it that. ", " As an intern at Amazon fulfillment center, my responsibilities included outbound process optimization, introducing standard work process for packers. ", " people are friendly and it is a real easy place to work. i think they are too pushy. too much expectations on a job where you have to work as a group to couplete a book ", " I would like to get full training in all area ,place people where they can keep up and get more work out. In-ducking is very hard if the two people don't keep up with each other. ", " A great place to work. The best part about working here is that its all about team work. The cool thing about this company is that you work four, ten hour shifts so you are able to have 3 days off. \"Work hard, have fun.\" ", " This job really helped me to grow my skills with talking to customers and working in a busy environment especially around christmas. The co-workers are fun and easy to get along with. This was such an enjoyable job, I loved every second of it. ", " A very high paced, work intensive environment. Daily and weekly quotas are always to be met, comraderie with fellow co-workers ", " I work in Amazon as Warehouse Associate The work is physically demanding. Pay is low. Overtime is mandatory. Felt like a robot. Breaks were short because it took time to walk from warehouse to break room.  (i want the management of Amazon do picking at least one month in a year then they will know why people have so much complained) ", " If you say your going to do something as a manger for a company,I think it should be honored. And do as you say you're going to do. ", " Fast pace work place where you will stay busy throughout the day.my job was to count all items in the bins to make sure there is no overage or shortage. ", " Overly dramatized daily work schedule changes. Warehouses should be more organized. The starting wage could be higher. ", " Ai learn how tho deliver purcele at door good learning about daily routs.15 hours working two much for every day workyng program. ", " I enjoy the wonderful people that i work with and i enjoy training the new associates. The company itself could be a nice place to work, but the lack of communication just makes for a tough job at times. ", " Amazon wanted it's workers to work all day without min time of task...working 10 hours a day walking 18-20 miles was tiresome and wasn't worth it especially with the pay. ", " I LOVE WORKING WITH PEOPLE. I AM EASY TO GET ALONG WITH. I HAVE EXPERIENCE CPT CODING, ICD 9 CODING AND ICD 10. I CAN TONG YPE 42 WORDS A MINTUE. ", " it was a seasonal job . it was tiresome scanning all those packages and putting them on the crates , sort of felt like i was doing a puzzle but it wasn't so bad ", " It's a nice place to work, even if you are on your feet all day. The breaks are badly managed.. you have two 15 minute breaks and it starts from the time you leave your area until you get back.. which includes getting through security! So your break could be 5 minutes if you don't get out on time. It has a nice mix of nationalities and in the main, everyone is friendly. ", " Its great and easy and fun. its a fast past job I cant complain about working at a wonderful fun place. its a very simple work place to work employees jobs are right to the T and nothing else but other than that the people are great "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Its great.  Everybody is nice.  The benefits are the best.  The even have a shuttle to take you to work.  Apply.  What else do you need to know? ", " I really enjoyed my time at Amazon. I remotely worked on a project here so wasn't part of the day to day office culture, but had excellent support from coworkers and management, ", " fun work place supportive management not all about the number but how u personaly grow and development desent amount of red tape and politics. ", " Having Amazon as a client has helped me prepare for any future employment I may have. It has taught me the true value of caring for not only the customers, but the associates as well. ", " I felt thought I had a job in which I would be with for many years, but what I found was, that as soon as a person got sick, and came back to the work force, they would shift a person around looking for a way to get rid of them. which just show me that there was no job security. But must say the benefits were great. ", " Outbound shipdock worker lord truck up all of them and keep line clean and help all over the warehouse  Management are some time they help and they dont help at all  Co-worker ar the best at the job  When you get backed up wit alot of wrk ", " Amazon is a good place to work if you have a degree and a lot of experience. If you are a entry level worker, you will be treated like a robot. Many people come and go on a daily basis. The starting wage is only $11.00 per hour. Add insurance and 401K and you are left with almost nothing. ", " It was enjoyable, easy work. Co workers were really nice and got along with everyone easily. Was well respected and was asked to do multiple different jobs around the warehouse. ", " Fun work place nice people and video games available during break times. help along the way, if needed. always something new to learn and things to do. ", " A  freelance worker is a term commonly used for a person who is self-employed and is not necessarily committed to a particular employer long-term. Freelance workers are sometimes represented by a company or a temporary agency that resells freelance labor to clients, others work independently or use professional associations or websites to get work. \"Independent contractor\" would be the term used in a higher register of English that designates the tax and employment class of this type of worker, the term freelancing is most common in culture and creative industries and this term specifically motions to participation therein. ", " This is a great place to work. Management is amazing you start by getting updated on the move of the warehouse while stretching and setting a goal for the department to reach by the end of the night ", " There was hardly any communication within management. They put everyone in different places constantly. They would do this and act like you knew what you were suppose to do. When in reality you would be wandering aimlessly for an hour trying to find someone who knew what they were talking about. You could be the quietest and most efficient worker and they still would complain about your performance. The devalued their workers every day. It was like trying to win a losing battle working with them. It got to the point where I would come in a feel like a zombie. I didn't want to talk to anyone in fear of being barked at by the \"management\", or even process guides with big egos thinking they knew it all after being there for a week, and were younger than you. There is nothing like having a job take the life out of you and making you into a person you never wanted to be. It isn't worth to pay. Just don't do it!   ", " Amazon is a great company - the growth is amazing. In my role, there is a lot of travel. I interview 200+ people per year! The management is very busy - assignments are ambiguous and you just have to figure it out and carve out your niche. ", " This was my first job and it was full-time +. A typical day was 10 hours and spent standing and walking. This warehouse was literally a mile long (the largest Amazon warehouse in North America. This is a great first job because it is the epitome of \"work-force\". During the holiday season this 5,000 + work force shipped more than 1.5 million packages. I was hired during this \"blackout\" season by a temp-agency (Integrity Staffing). After the new year some of us \"temps\" were transferred across the street to the customer return facility to process returned merchandise. This was line-work. 10-11 hours standing by a convener. Needless to say, lunch time couldn't come soon enough and never seemed to last long enough. The last two hours would become the most difficult as exhaustion set in and legs were ready to give out. Once the shift was complete we were all able to pat ourselves and each other on the back and say, \"Yes! We did it!\". ", " The job is easy, but you are busy from the moment you start to the moment you finish! You can basically wear whatever your comfortable in, and the pay is decent as well. ", " I personally wouldn't recommend working for Amazon, overall the co workers are nice people but the management SUCKS ! I'm a 21 years old and the managers are only but a few years older than me maybe a little younger who knows because they clearly don't know what they're doing, they will speak to you in a very demeaning manner which is very unnecessary and uncalled for and once you try to voice you own opinion or a problem you have they act as though they don't care one bit, in my opinion you do too much for too little. As much as i do at that job i should be making more than 11.50 an hour. ", " While working at Amazon it started out good like any job does, but as time went on there was no room for moving up within the warehouse. The actual managers there were from different places there seemed to be no room for moving up. Hard work and innovative ideas did not get you any closer to having a full time position there. I was told by a supervisor that we are not paid to think we are paid to work I understand that it is a labor job but the fact that we are hired at Amazon to simply work and not give ideas to make the work place a better place infuriated me. ", " Loved working for Amazon!  It's unfortunate that they only pay $10 an hour for work from home Customer Service Reps.  It's a pretty grueling job with all the calls coming in and dealing with some of the customers.  But, they make up for it with contests they have for seasonal workers.  They truly make you feel as you are one of their employees, not just a seasonal worker.  They also empower you to do what you feel is right to make a customer happy. ", " a typical day at amazon warehouse consisted of getting at 645 when the shift began, from the clocking in, we were required to move to our designated location. once in our designated location, we were led in group stretches, from the stretches, we were required to go to our assigned work station. once at the assigned work station, we began by making sure that our station was both clean, and well stocked for our shift. once we finished the check, we were required to begin working. management changed each night due to the shift and when they were scheduled. some of the managers were very quick and attentive to problems, where as others were not as attentive and because of it, problems were left not fixed. my co-workers were good, everyone for the most part liked the job. the hardest part of the job, was being on my feet in one space for 10+ hours. the most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people and making new friends. ", " Amazon is a hard company to work for because of how it is ran and how they always put the employee last.  Human Resource Department is always behind and difficult to find when needed, On-site medical personel are rarely where they are supposed to be.  Managers get no back up from upper management or HR regarding issues involving employees.  That being said, I learned alot from this company and found I enjoyed many of the other employees I worked with. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " exciting, customer obsession driven position. Very challenging from day to day. Fun work place with supportive management. The most enjoyable part of job was meeting random people and learning/teaching each other, various people, various origins, various mentality, all of those made work environment unique and so special ", " I never have a dull day while working at Amazon. The typical work day begins with all teams of the same shift meeting for the before-shift meeting, Stand Up. At this meeting, the goals for the rate of stowers as well as how much product is being received is relayed to us. Working here has allowed me to learn how to think outside the box even more as I am a stower and must find ways to stow products quickly without violating bin etiquette. The managers routinely have friendly contests for us to participate in to give us even more of a driver to work quickly and efficiently. The experience I have had with my coworkers is one that I am unsure can ever be truly duplicated in that we find ways to surprise each other with jokes or stories about our weekend. The hardest part of the job would have to be moving around for 10 hours a night stowing products, but this also happens to be the most enjoyable part of the job. ", " It's a workout. A diverse atmosphere of co-workers. The management staff is understanding and strives to push their employees to their highest capacity to complete all tasks. Most days can be a drag due to the 10 hour shifts, however the management staff engages their employees with competitive games and prizes. ", " Worked there for about a month I liked freindly people there. Pretty easy work I was in stow. I had to stand for long periods of time in a fast pace environment. ", " Every day exercise. Accomplish company expectations. I have learned to work in a fast mode. No complaints about management or employers. Hardest part of the job was to mandatory overtime, but the most enjoyable part was when I would see that I could do it. ", " The management does not respect you at all. The days go by fast, if we have work.  The coworkers are okay, ive made a few friends. ", " This company is horrible at training and everyone there wearing an AMBASSADOR vest, thinks they're wearing a LEADERSHIP vest when a manager is out of eyesight. Company members talk out of both sides of their mouths like a politician. Pep rally and all these things you want to hear, then bash you or abandon you or attempt to make your hours uncomfortable to lash out or get you to quit. Management will ask why production is slow or not running to full capacity but will not confront the lazy, slow and talkative workers that are holding up production to avoid accusations of racism. This company entices by talking about perks that don't do a thing for you until you've been there for well over a year. That is if you can wait that long for HR to get something right. When you on board, they confusingly call UPT (unpaid time off) vacation time off. Vacation is paid, UPT, as it reads, is not. And if you're 10 minutes late, it equals 1 hour of UPT unless you go in and use your Personal or Vacation to cover the 10 minutes. Which doesn't actually sound legal. I was also offered a Sunday thru Wednesday day job, 10 hours a day. Over a month later, after several prerecorded calls asking if I'd take a night position, I took a Thursday thru Sunday position because I needed it. This company is like every extremely large company, too big for their britches and out of touch with anything except whatever means possible to get the dollar. It's an ok place for a college student, otherwise, there is no long-term career here. ", " Go in. stretch and for the next few hours you are speed walking on concreter and being timed to meet the quota of the company. typical work day being 10 hours by the time you finished your 10 hour workout you go home and sleep all day. ", " Amazon was a friendly environment. Love my co workers, made work a blast. Only thing that was hard for me was the temperature, was very cold. That taught me to push through anything. ", " A fast paced environment that requires attention to detail and versatility. With a customer centric philosophy and culture. Not for everyone but a nice place none the less. ", " Fun work place with supportive management team. Very fast paced shipping area. Daily tasks included supervising a team of 20-40 associates which increased to 100+ employees on my team during peak season.  I enjoyed this job so much, but the compensation for the amount of people that I had to oversee was not a fair amount. ", " Fun place to work. Work sometimes is long and boring. Co workers are friendly. My PA's were very biased in the way they chose paths. ", " Was a great job when they were busy but  they were slow I would drive from York to Lewisberry and not have my 8 hours. I had a family to proved for so i applied at Performance and got a better job. ", " great project to work on and gained a lot of exposure to Amazon style of work. very well trained staff and leaders in location. ", " Please refer to New York times article as most, if not all, is true.  It is a very stressful work environment, where associates aren't treated the greatest and the work load involves lots of pressure for those who actually work. It's a mess. ", " Nothing to say bad about this workplace  So far so good, i personally would say that this is by far the nicest place i have worked witha very calm but happy atmosphere. ", " I love amazon. its the best part-time job you can have.You only work a minimum of 4 hours a day and no more than 20-30 hours a week. ", " Working for amazon made me feel privileged. I enjoyed the feeling of accomplishment I got from completing my tasks. You feel like you are a very important part of the team. Customer service is what Amazon is all about and knowing I was doing my very best to ensure the customer's happiness gave me great satisfaction. Id definitely work there again! ", " It was good to learn the use of pick truck in picking there where different applications also.The People where good to work with just getting comfortable with them before layoff. ", " I have worked for Amazon three times. I was a temp twice, and an Amazonian once. I've had 5 different managers throughout those 3 times and my current manager  is the best. Amazon's turn over rate for hiring and terminating employees is extremely high. The work environment and work ethic all depends on which department you are in. The building has a system and if one department lacks then the whole building lacks and the flow is hindered and disrupted. Its a very difficult and time consuming  job, but if the great effort and hard work is implied by an employee, then there is room to move up and grow in the company. The saying at Amazon is \"The harder you work, the easier your job becomes.\" "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " When you first start they tell you that you have a chance to become permanent, in thr year that ive worked here only one time. they converted, anf it was 10 people out of 100s. there us no motavation to come to work and work hard to get done soon because if u get done soon you go home w/o pay, your guarenteed 18hrs but 20 is still more than 18. You get flexed up last minuet, i mean 5:59 n you get off at 6:00, no respect or care its either stay or get points/term. The management plays favorites, anybody thats an ambassador, or pa is a suck up and good friends with management so they walk around n do nothing the whole time while everybody works. They dont train newhires worth darn,  the pallets are built really bad because of newhires that were just walked around the building instead of trained how to fix and build pallets. They dont care about saftey, osha would have a field day, 7-8 ft stacks of boxes on a pallet unwraped and being stacked on is a hazzard, unloading trucks   standin on stools an reaching for boxes is unsafe, you get paid the same unloading trucks everyday, or sorting flat envelopes,  or sorting boxes. The site leader is a joke, you ask a serious question and he starts throwing big words at you as if hes explaining something in detail, but, in actuality its just a complecated way of saying \"i dont know\" or\"eventually\" or  \"probly not\".this job needs union so bad its not funny. My advice, if your looking for a part time just for extra cash, it ok...dont come here to dfw8 and think your gonna be promoted, get a raise, be made permanent, treated with respect, or ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> be appreciated for anything, management is production happy, scan boxes at rate or seasonal assignment will be terminated is how they feel, they don care about anything but number, so thats all you should care about ", " Meh, not for everyone. It wasn't so bad, but its not a really uplifting place to be. I hope this meets indeed's 20 word minimum ", " Great place to work with good benefits but of you are not flexible this is not the place for you to be. Other than that its perfectly fine ", " I felt that production was the most inmportant thing that managemnt was concerned with. ", " I sure like Amazon as it has a good work/life balance. I sure like the place of work, and would only leave it for a better place, meaning pay.  The work life balance is good, but no available time off when the holidays come. So, such times need to be pre-planned as one is sure not to leave the premises. ", " Great coworkers. Fun to work with, but lack of communication from the managers and salary cap. Benefits are Great as well! ", " Picking and Packing orders Loading and off loading goods Checking for damaged or missing items storing goods Moving stock around by hand Keeping records of stock Keeping paperwork up to date Cleaning work areas   I've learnt many skills working in a warehouse such as time management and working with other team members to for-fill our daily duties. This has enabled me to work further on my communication skills and work ethic for the near future. ", " The Amazon culture is one based on working hard and playing hard.  The workplace required attention to detail and time management but when the job was done there were great rewards for the employees.  The culture was set from the beginning by the leadership and was continuously strengthened by management on the floor.  Overall, a great place to work and launch a career, but if you are looking to stay and retire then be prepared to move. ", " Great group of people , and well managed with a great community within the facility with the opportunity of exceeding goals. ", " Hard working and non stop wok productivity. Excellent employers as long as you work your hump off, you even get converted to be within the company with benefits etc. ", " This was a good job i will miss it, great pay and execllent benefits, but it should have never closed here. its a good company to work for . ", " I love the Job and the Benefits... They are so fair with the amount of time they give you off... Vacation personal and unpaid... Better than any company I have worked for ", " Mandatory Overtime called weekly and only given 12 hours notice.  During the holidays mandatory overtime is called so often you don't even get a chance to spend any time with family.  The job is excellent if you are young and single with no family, otherwise it is extremely difficult to balance work and family life. ", " I work at nights 7pm-5:30 AM Weds-Sat at the new Dallas location (FTW1). I started when it first opened. I started on Prep and moved to a Problem Solver.   This location have been open for a month now. However, everything is not completely up. The construction workers are still working on the areas that everyone will be working on in the future.   By being a Problem Solver you would think you get paid extra, but that's not the case. You get paid the same as a regular worker on the floor. At Kohls you get paid extra for being a P.S.  A typical day at work would involve me going to get my laptop at ISS. Fighting to get the one that I previously had, so I don't have to hardwire it. Then having a meeting and a workout. At the meetings we just talk about what we need to improve or new things that we need to watch. The workout consist of just stretching nothing too tedious.   After that I walk the long green mile to go the floor. I am stationed at the Prep area for now, so I go in that area to P.S. I just stand up with my laptop until someone presses their Andon light( Red Light, that say they have a problem).   I would say the only pros thus far is having insurance on your first day (Premera-Blue Cross). You have to work for a year to get paid for education and two years before you can collect on your 401k.   From what I have seen so far some of the managers are really helpful. Then you have the ones who are pushy , does not respect you as an adult, and think they can say anything to you. We all start here the same time. Some managers came from different Amazon locations ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> though.   On breaks I don't even try to go to the front, where the lockers are located, to talk on my phone, because its too far of a walk . So the majority of the time, I take my lunch breaks on the smaller cafeteria on the floor.   Overall, you will have a good work out from all the walking. The only logical reason someone would actually work at this job is for the benefits. ", " Working at amazon had its advantages and disadvantages, Targets on everything, Could be a fun place to work but the advances into higher roles were not very easy if you didn't know the right people ", " great atmosphere never a dull moment at work. the people at work always had positive attitudes, there was also a constant flow of work everyday ", " A typical work day included meeting nearly impossible standards, bare minimum breaks and horrible treatment of employees. I quit because I was unable to receive reasonable accommodations for being pregnant. ", " Generally a good job. good benefits. co-workers are nice and helpful. management is better than most ", " my work was really good at amazon ,plus that i like to work hard there and i have been working in amazon for almost 4 years of hard working. ", " Lively atmosphere, people are hard working and motivated to be hard working, managment is awesome and are great at handling issues "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The job offers great compensation and great benefits. Although it could be better if we the employees of Amazon, were provided with better people in charge as far as the managers. Most of the managers do not have managers or any leadership experience. Most of the managers do not know how to communicate with their fellow employees, and most of them do not know how to make great decisions when put in bad situations; they make a lot of bad calls. The managers there make Amazon look very bad, and they make the employees not want to work there. ", " My associates made my day go by so quick.  Even though   we worked a 10 to  11 hour  shift  on a regular basis the fun we had made the day go by quickly. ", " Working as an African American for this company is very hard. We have to work harder than most other cultures associated with the company. The management watches you constantly. No matter how much a person informs them of situations which causes problems for a hard working person. And if you don't make the rating system that they have, they're ready to fire you. What would a person expect when the company is 95% white and the minority is 5%. ", " This is a very hard working job for the person who is use to putting in ton of hours in a short work week. The management is beyond nice and understanding when there is any issue. The co-workers are great and very knowledgeable about their jobs. ", " This is the most hated job I ever worked at. It takes forever to walk to cafeteria or outside on your breaks. Too many stairs to be walking up and down. The 10 hr shifts are too long for the job your doing if you are in the stowing department like I was. The pay wasn't even enough for the work your doing. I wouldn't recommend anyone to work at Amazon period. I left and found a better paying job. This is not a career for nobody, period! ", " I worked as a warehouse associate for two months. I enjoyed the actual work itself as it was as if I was getting paid to work out. The jobs is not for sissies and requires being on your feet and per Amazon, walking approx.10 miles a shift for part-time workers. I worked hard and enjoyed that my co-workers were from every culture. I was liked by everyone, but I'm not one to sit back day after day and watch every single rule they talk about at \"stand-up\" get broken the minute the employees feet hit the floor. I was let go because I was too verbal and spoke up. A large company like Amazon only wants a warm body on the floor to perform the essential job duties. They do NOT care if the job is performed right, they just want it done. I did the work, but did it correctly. Henceforth when I reported too many wrongs, I was set up and let go. I'm actually now pursuing this by having someone who just applied for and got a position at the BF15 plant so they can see and believe everything I reported to them is true. Then Amazon will be in the news, once again for poor business practices and will hit the news again. ", " Frustrating place to work due to lack of management interacting with team members and following up on tasks.  Managers do not  have the time or ability to constantly have basic 1 on 1s, correct defective or poor work performance, and give constructive feedback. ", " Long hours and hard work with moving around the facility. I learned how is quality insurance is measure. The managment needs to work on more communication with the teams in differant visins. co-workers are willing to help you with your work. The hardest part of the Job is staying awake.  Enjoyable part of the job is being around highly motivated people. ", " I work at Amazon Fullfilment center EWR4 Robbinsville, NJ Hours are 7AM - 5:30PM Mon-Thurs, Fridays off Work is what you would expect, hard to be on your feet for 10 hrs per day however. People are great and there will be just shy of 7K this peak season. I find management to be very helpful and want to make your day better. It is very laid back with time off etc, as long as you do not go over your unpaid time which after 2 months was 60 hrs. It is hard work but that is why you are being paid!! Only draw back I see is being promoted, there are so many people. So we shall see ", " There are many benefits to working for a company like Amazon. I have been trained in numerous positions and there are far more to be explored.  It can be a fun place to work as well as a stressful place. It is up to you as to how you are going to make it. ", " Friendly co-workers.  Management is easy to talk to and seem concerned about you as a person, but are quick to judge someone when they decide to quit. ", " this company need to focus more on its customers and making employees happy, lack of management wasn't taken serious at all, to be a place of bussiness. ", " I started with them and everything was fine then 2 weeks later they don't want me to return because I am not in the process of a bachelors degree or yet to have one. Upsets me that they wouldn't tell me at the beginning and snatched that opportunity from right under me. ", " I was always told if you have nothing nice to say then it is best that you say nothing at all.  I had high hopes when I started there then reality set in.  That is all I will say about Amazon. ", " You are expected to work a ten hour shift four days a week. The breaks are extremely short with barely enough time to go to the toilet by the time you have got from your work station to the canteens. You are worked like a donkey all day and cannot stop, or your productivity score will go right down resulting in job loss. ", " Fun work place with helpful staff. Fast paced work environment. Lots of walking around and squatting. Learned how to use a scanner ", " great pay but the hours are crucial and the breaks arent long enough due to all the empolyees they house. the goals are set to high for most people ", " Amazon is all about numbers. Productivity is king. But Amazon offers you what most others don't - resources and opportunities in plenty to prove your worth. There's never a dull day. ", " cool work place cool people 15 min breaks are a waste of time n are basically 5 mins this job is hyped up  IF YOU GO THROUGH INTERGRITY YOU WILL GET TREATED DIFFERENT. ", " Worked as a delivery driver for a third party agency self employed 12+ hours a day for \u00a370, no job security regularly told that returning with parcels where no one was at home would result in job loss boss cares more about his bonus than anything else. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The company did not include its deaf and hard of hearing employees in the daily announcements. The initial process, the 3 day orientation, was the best part about the job. During this time, an interpreter was provided for me and it did help me understand about the job better. During the last day of orientation, there was no interpreter for me because management had been complaining about the cost to provide one. So I missed out on valuable information because the company is cheap. A typical day of work started with mini meetings in which information was shared, important information that they always leaved their deaf/hoh employees out of. Instead of taking the time to print off this information for us, we were left to depend on the patience of others to explain in detail what was said. When I wrote about the need for changes on the suggestion board, I was treated differently and with contempt. ", " A typical day at work included that CPT's was out on time, starting at half 8, 9 and 10pm then 12 midnight and 4am. This was a critical role as if any shipments was missed I had to find out where they were. I learned really good communication skills in this role. Management were not all that good. They gave a beginning of shift brief and that was all we really saw of them. Co-workers was one of the best things about the job, most were really nice, approachable people willing to help any way they can. The hardest part of the job was trying to communicate with people that spoke little English. The most enjoyable part of the job was most problems were different at each person I saw. ", " fast pace and energizing  how the distribution process works very strict and upfront very fair environment and everyone seemed friendly maintaining the same pace throughout the day making rate and being able to have the ability to go home early ", " Long hours and fast paced environment How to work in a fast paced environment management friendly co-workers tried to keep pace working at a extremely hurried state going to work, helping others and being productive ", " During the months I have worked at Amazon, I have participated in the company's three major inside tasks: stowing - stocking, icqa - stock counting/correcting, and picking - picking stored items off of the storage shelves, placing them onto a basket and then sending them off in conveyor belts to be packed; all of which had a time limit fixed to them to achieve a set target goal per day (the most challenging part of the tasks) and then feedback of the productivity level recorded for each week - this had in fact spurred me on to take charge of my role and as a result led me to achieving over the 100% mark consistently on a weekly basis. ", " I first applied to Zappos/Amazon. As of September first, Amazon took over all of Zappos. That's when we lost insurance benefits, discounts, free lunch, and most of all our Zappos culture. The Leads and temp services are very uptight. ", " a typical day at work was exciting because each day you could be doing something new and even cross training in other departments. I learned many new things, aside from all the new types of jobs I was taught I learned to use the RF scanner and the work can be fun even when you are working very hard. Management was typically very understanding if there were any problems or anything you didn't understand. Co-workers were usually fun people to be around when there were \"team\" jobs to be done. Usually you're quite solitary in the ICQA department. The hardest part of the job PEAK SEASON. longer hours on the feet make you so sore, however I never noticed till I got home focusing on work as easy for me. I loved the physical demands of the job and the night shift and I loved being cross-trained in other areas. ", " There are many benefits to working for a company like Amazon. I have been trained in numerous positions and there are far more to be explored.  It can be a fun place to work as well as a stressful place. It is up to you as to how you are going to make it. ", " Well never a dull moment.What I learned is patience is a virtue. as for management well it was a big big turnover  with that .coworkers made lots of friends.The hardest part of job was when machines broke down then your rate drops then you get yelled at .we tried to make everyday fun no matter what the day brought everyday was different.You never knew from one quarter of the day to the next what  you would be doing.kind of exciting always something different.we did exercise every morning before starting and after lunch every day. ", " wouldn't mind going back. good pay. good hours. I enjoyed working there. nice people good environment. long days but once you get use to it, it becomes easy ", " Great place to work with lots of process areas to explore and expand your knowledge of the business and grow. Management easy to reach out to and lots of amazing coworkers. ", " Amazon gives anybody a chance regardless of race, ethnic group, religion, and age a chance to come in and earn a livable wage. ", " it was a good experience for to work at that warehouse, spent %99 of the time pushing carts and walking and running around looking for items. ", " i was there 2 and a half years on and off with 3 different agencys . after repeatedly hitting my targets i was told my name was down for a permanent contract then few weeks passed and they pretended as if it was never said was sacked after all that hard work and had to start all over again when i returned with transline same again , spoken to like dirt because i was slightly under on my target 9 months down the line once again i was sacked third time was with PMP same thing repeated over and over having to go to silly all hands meetings etc being told about a false future working with amazon. green badges are treated like criminals when its them that are doing most of the work permanents do nothing just talk all day because the place is so filthy i had to leave due to a skin problem . if you want to spend your life working here and never be noticed for your skills and potential then be my guest ! i will never go back to amazon NEVER ! ", " I like working for Amazon, but it's very strenuous. I like being very active, but it was difficult going home every night so sore you could barley move the next day. But I do like the job. I've lost a lot of weight and I feel great all except for the muscle pain and stiffness I have when I wake up. ", " My day start off by preparing work, I create batches and distribute the work load every 11/2 to 2 hours in a 10 hour work day. I also resolve any variance that may occur, such as erroneous products received or incorrect quantity. The management is awesome but precise. The job is easy and stress free but there is times where the bottle neck process can be intense but that occurs mostly during peek season. ", " - A typical day at work usually started with my associates and I working at our stations, receiving products. As the shift progresses and the number of items that need to be received decreases, I rotate between receiving items and doing other jobs that need to be done throughout the warehouse. - I learned how to effectively work with others in order to get tasks done.  I also learned how to problem solve. - Management was very upbeat and always provided feedback. - My co-workers were friendly and always made the workplace a positive environment. - The most enjoyable part of working with amazon would be the satisfaction of working hard with my co-workers to go above and beyond the rates that are expected of us. ", " Job atmosphere is very similar to that of a high school. A lot of immature young adults that barely work. Also, attendance is based off a point system so there is no days to request off. ", " I was trained in and learned all facets of Warehouse Safety,Signs,and Expectations.I enjoy working in this Fast paced, fun environment, we go through it as a team.Every new Amazonian is awarded a loving family! ", " It pays great, the hours will cause a married man to become a divorced one, you work on some of the most innovative projects around but, the bar is insanely high. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Clock in Team Warm Up Prepare scanners Watch order screen Log in to retrieve order Locate order Prepare order for delivery Go back to the order screen ", " It was nice to Have a Warehouse that was not boring. Everyone is Busy and you forget sometimes that's its really loud your so focused on getting your next item that on my runs I Loved to sing Fun and silly songs just to pass the time running around its not easy to mess up cause the Scanners do most of the jobs for you so its a great thing and you can fill up to 2 Bids of items before going to send it on a belt line so its a great place to have less time worring over thing that you are stressing with if you love running around and looking for stuff this is defiantly your place to work I loved it and I wish I had been able to stay. ", " So lets start off with the good things about working at amazon fulfillment. You get 2 options to use if you have to leave work , or want to leave work at anytime of the day(Unpaid time off, Paid time off) You also get Vacation time , which adds up slowly. All in all you have 3 options to use, that is if you're hired on to amazon. I worked in the afe department. There was a lot of favoritism going on and probably still is. If you get on the managers bad side(PA's or AM's) they will put you on a function that you dont like or make you do the same function you did the day before. The general functions at afe are Packing, Rebinning, Inducting. A step ahead of those functions are Problem solving, PG, Slam operator, JackPot. The schedule is 4-10hour days. Rebinning and inducting are probably the most boring type of work you can imagine. Rebinning you are literally pressing a button all day and time gos by so slow, same thing with inducting. You just place a item in a tote , then the rebinners get that item and press a button and then the packer packs it. So try to imagine you pressing a button for 10 hours , and stepping on concrete day in day out, then going back in the next day and doing it all over again. It kind of felt like the twilight Zone. The problem is that there is not enough rotation with everyone to get switched to a different function, therefore people get tired of rebinning/inducting, and meanwhile the same people get to pack and have it some what easier so to say. Packing is somewhat fun, because you can talk and work to the people next to you while you still hit rate. ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> Rebinning and inducting you are working by yourself. Moving onto Problem-Solving, Slam operator, PG , and jackpot. These are the next phase up from rebinning, inducting, and packing. If management sees you are working good on a day to day bases , they will move you up to one of these positions. I worked at slam a few times , and i hardly got any good training. It seemed like slam is over looked. The work that slam outputs is probably the hardest physically/mentally in the department. On top of that if you ask for help , management sometimes didnt send help until when it gets really bad. I did not like slam, there is way to many problems you have to deal with and you get the same pay. Problem solving is also like slam, it can be stressful , but got help a lot faster when asked for it. PG is physically demanding , constantly walking up and down the department assisting rebinners and inducters to their problems. Jackpot also had to correct errors or problems that arise from inductors, and you are by yourself. Let me put in perspective that there are about 44 People rebbinning and inducting, and 1 jackpot person, so a lot of errors can happen. The same gos with Problem Solving  and slam, There are 44 people on the sort side(Rebinning/Inducting) and then 50 Packers on the Pack side. At the start of shift you would be placed into one of these functions. There is a lot of favoritism tho , on who gos where , and amazon needs to address that there needs to be a balance or rotation going on.  This is what afe is day in day out. Amazon could and most likely will be a better place to work at , if the management was equal with the associates. You dont really learn much since everything is computed , and you are basically looking at what the screen tells you to do. The pay is ok, but still hard to keep a float living in California. The breaks are terrible. You get two 15 min break , but by the time you walk to the break room you have like 7 minutes left, and if you are late , you get scanned in and can get a write up. Your lunch is a 30 minutes, cant really leave to get food or else you'll be late. Nobody said life is easy. Giving you an insight on the reality of working at a amazon fulfillment warehouse ", " amazon.com allows me to provide customer service via website navigation, product information and package locating. benefits were great, was able to start out seasonal and work my way into a permanent position. Very fun, team oriented and customer friendly job. ", " Great opportunity to work from home. Training was efficient and prepared employees for the job at hand. If you love working from home, this is the job for you ", " In Problem Solve, I would have to fix any virtual anomalies that came into the building, such as a receive errors or handling damaged product. As a forklift operator I would be required to double stack pallets of product and load trucks, I also have experience unloading trucks as well. I have enjoyed doing both of these jobs, and I believe I was very good at them. I have worked for two of the Amazon cross-dock facilities. One in Hebron KY and the other in Moreno Valley CA. The management to Hebron was very cooperative and associate oriented, Usually very interested in answering questions and keeping the work flowing properly. In Moreno Valley however, it has been very difficult to get answers from them or assistance in anything that requires immediate attention. My coworkers have been generally good people, my only problem with them has been whether they actually work or not. Many of them have been lazy and difficult to work around, since I am always focused on staying busy and working efficiently.  Truthfully, working for Amazon hasn't been all too bad. As long as you keep working and don't need too much from management or other associates. If you are happy going in and doing the same thing everyday and not to worried about advancing in the company, then this is a great place to go. ", " Its a good place to work, with job security but needs some changes to procedures and policies.  The pay is good, the benefits are good but their way of thinking when it comes to competing companies needs better reasoning. ", " There are a lot of incredibly smart people but at times the pace of the work is incredibly intense to a degree that people get burned out.  Major things are addressed while some smaller items of concern are overlooked.  It is a very dynamic workplace which is great but also a challenge as there isn't much time to take care of little things around the workplace.  Very tough place for a work/life balance. ", " Fun place to work with some supportive management Very fast environment job. A lot of rules, but expected in this kind of company Kind of work: fast and clean. Fitness state required Work with targets, for good reasons ", " I was hired by their staffing agency Integrity Staffing Solutions. I'd show up, clock in, grab a scanner, and go to the center of the warehouse for the pre-shift warm-up. Then I'd grab a cart and a tote and get to work picking orders. I'd walk between 15 and 30 miles a day. ", " THE WORST!!!!!!! People always injured, management very disrespectful, also, the pay for the slave work you have to accomplish day in and day out is horrible. ", " Write every time and every where. Philosophy. The hardest part of the work is about editing process. The most enjoyable is to create life trough  images. ", " this is a great company to work for respectful employees and management would def recommend to others as an employer excellent ", " fast pace, nice employees, horrible schedules, horrible policies , learn a lot in a few weeks, great exercise. Travel time to and from is way too far ", " Dynamic and energetic place to work that is constantly changing. Management is very supportive and willing to work with people. ", " Very good working environment and colleagues, really great canteen with free tea, coffee and drinks. Not easy to work but highly recommended. ", " Nightmare treatment. This is my personal experience. The agency people were extremely judgmental and rude from the start. Three times doing the same drug test and 2 1/2 weeks of trying for an answer on why no start date yet.  Claim that the Company (Amazon) insists on name badge only has formal name no nicknames allowed! Also, giving a hard time for requesting water be made available for health reasons.  Good luck to others. ", " I learned to be on time for work every morning. I also learned that attendance is most important. I learned basic non-stop labor. ", " Always the best Customer Service. Friendly clients and employees. I love getting to know our company clients and engaging in good constructive conversation. Assist with PTP Specials and Overtime options. ", " Launch environment was difficult but common with any new opening. If you are able to grind through it, salary will pay off but very little work life balance in a fulfillment center "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I found it to have been somewhat the enlightening experience.  What stood out to me was the actual use of a water machine not a water-cooler.  It really did say something about the awareness of the management and their reach to accommodate the employee.  It overall was a fascinating operation of retail in its system to have been handling mail-order as I can recall that it was expressed that mail-order was very big in terms of living in America through Warner Bros. cartoon characters Bugs Bunny and Wild E. Coyote.  I believe the word amalgamation is the correct term as many people did not live in the big city yet and disagreed with traveling more than twenty miles to get to a department store.  So, I have to believe that Amazon is taking quite a challenge with continuing such service.  My hats off to them, they have the gung ho to do it. ", " A rush is the only way to explain a typical day.  I learnt i'm target driven, quite fit and that gel inner soles are fantastic.  I dont know about the \"upstairs\" management but the guys we had running our department where the nicest guys, that being the managers on \"non con\" I met some interesting people, from published authors, female Engineers to artists.  The hardest part of the job, was getting used to working nights and putting up with co-workers who were lazy in doing what was necessary for all to get the job done.  There wasn't really any enjoyable part of the job except to see the friendly faces of co-workers ", " If I had I choice,I would rather have no comment but it is required so here we go.Amazon is not a good place to work for.They are slave drivers.They expect a 100% or more productivity,specially in the picking department.Almost everyday I would provide 100% or more productivity but sometimes you can't make the numbers due to lack of work but they still hold it against you like you have control of that.If their is no work or if the scanner is sending you from one building to another,picking only a few or even just 1 item,then back to the other building,your not going to make your numbers.If you didn't make your numbers,you would be approached by the manager with a warning that if you get 3 more lower that expected picks within a 3 month period,your fired.Even if you made 99% to goal it didn't matter,they still held it against you.Also,I noticed the managers and the leads had their little favorites.They were not fair about spreading the work evenly.They tried to say it wasn't them sending you to the harder work all the time,that is was the randomizer (some computer generated picking process) but when they used that same randomizer to pick people to get to leave early from work,it almost all the time picked the same people who never got picked to go do the harder work.Hmmmm!!!! That's funny how that works!!!! Again,like I said about my other employer,overall most of the co-workers were awesome people to work with but the management wasn't great. ", " Fast paced, good pay especially with all the overtime, helpful management, very repetitive and competitive. The people I  worked with were pretty cool, I did not talk to a lot of people, but on breaks (which are pretty short) I was able to have some social time. ", " as long as you push your self to do better youll be fine. Dont deal with smx just push therw with actual amazon. I had fun and met alot of great people i would work here again in a heart beat. ", " I have always pursued my duties with a positive energy mindset while providing excellent service to our customer. I will always be self motivated to fulfill my highest service while showing my loyalty &amp; potential to both the company &amp; our customers with can-do attitude while demonstrating my strongest work ethics ", " That\u2019s an interesting question. I love Mondays, mostly because the day flies by in a flash. Most days I get in early so I can get emails done and be ready for the project team meeting. ", " Best employer I have ever had the opportunity to work for. The benefits available are above and beyond anything I have bad before. I was given opportunities souly based on the content of my character and work ethic However, the peak season was extremely difficult. 10 to 12 hr shifts, 6 days a week, and an additional two hours spent attempting to enter/leave the parking lot ", " Working in a fast paced metric driven environment with proficient multitasking and navigation in a windows environment Independent, creative, and timely with the ability to not only solve the business customer\u2019s problem but think outside of the box and go the extra mile to prevent future issues. ", " hard job to keep you have to fight for your job every day working through an agency and you are treat like you are nothing at this job and on minimum wage. ", " Amazon.com was a great place to work. I took phone calls pertaining to Kindle tech support and assisted customers with their needs. Over my time at Amazon, I learned how to be a better speaker with customers, and how to better explain myself without being face-to-face with them. The management was great, and was always helpful. The co-workers were fantastic. The hardest part of the job was explaining to somebody over the phone just how to get something accomplished on the website, especially if they didn't know a lot about computers. In a way, that was also the most enjoyable part of the job, because when you could help them, that was what it was all about. ", " The work days were really long, and I learned how to pick and pack. The managers were good, they always found ways to keep us up beat and going. Most of the co workers were nice and very helpful if you had questions about the jobs. The hardest part of the job was the long shifts, and kind of short breaks for the ten hour days. I really enjoyed the fast pace work. ", " Excellent opportunity to learn how to properly manage customers complaints and concerns and offer a resolution that best suits the customer and represents Amazon in the best light.  Managed at least 50 telephone calls per shifts. ", " This was a great place to work. Great culture provided and friendly co-workers. Leadership was helpful and provided structure. Got really busy during holiday season. ", " I worked as a warehouse op from September to December and i must say i would never go back. The job as a whole was a challenge, mostly due to being on your feet for at least 10.5 hours a day, 4 days a week. When it got towards Black Friday and Christmas this went up to 11.5 hrs/day and 5 days a week, still with low pay (about \u00a310/hr on overtime days)  Amazon also had very high expectations for its workings, setting goals and targets that proved very challenging to reach. For example, as a 'Picker' you were pushed to 'pick' 100 items an hour. This was very difficult at times as it forced you to speed walk ALL DAY just to reach your target. What made it worse is that the whole area a picker works is around half of the warehouse. So you could be one side of the warehouse and then suddenly have to walk for about 3 minutes just to get to the next bin. You'd get lucky if the next bin was under 60 meters away from the previous one.  The breaks were almost completely pointless as well. During even the longer 11.5 hr long days you would still only get a maximum of 1 hour A DAY break. The breaks consisted of two 15 minute breaks and one 30 minute, where you also had to wait behind hundreds of others trying to clock out for lunch.   The warehouse is so big that buy the time from the time you can go for your break, take your items to the drop off point then walk to the security entrance you would be lucky to have 10 minutes of your 15 min break left. On top of that you had to make sure you were back working within 15 or 30 minutes, depending on which break. If anymore than that you ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> would have someone come and find you to ask where you were.  Every once in a while i worked on Rebin, which compared to picking was a gods send, even if you just stand in one spot all day.  The only positive thing i can think of for this job, or at least the jobs i did are: Experience Decent pay (I was 18 at the time so didn't have mortgages rent etc to pay and therefore had a good amount of cash left) Free tea and coffee, if you even had time to drink it. ", " I worked through a staffing agency SMX for Amazon. Most new hires do for 6 months and at the end of contract Amazon has the option to hire you on full time otherwise you would be released. Unfortunately because of this, us contractual employees were treated differently. Management would not respect you because they know anyone is replaceable. There were times I felt like I was being treated like a child. The pay was poor and the days were long working non stop on your feet for 10 hours. The only good things about this job is the experience I gained and the 3 days you get off. I had been offered a full time employment with Amazon but had declined. ", " Amazon has great benefits, but the hours you work in a day aren't good for everyone. For me going in at 6:30 pm and working until 5 am doesn't fit well into my personal life. I have three kids, one with Leukemia, and I go to school fulltime, at the time I was hired I needed a job. I was told that I could switch shifts at my new hire orientation, but that was not true. ", " Lively atmosphere, people are hard working and motivated to be hard working, managment is awesome and are great at handling issues ", " I worked remotely with this position. I would bring all the systems required up and prepare for login. Sometimes their programs were outdated and would disconnect but I found ways to keep refreshing it. We had 15 minutes to review emails and follow up on any call backs to customers. I learned their systems and how different customer interactions were around the holidays. Management was the kindest I've ever encountered and extremely helpful under all circumstances. The most difficult part of the job was the systems that went down ever so often, probably due to all of the traffic on the programs at once. I truly enjoyed making the customers happy during the holidays and interacting with my team via chat but still feeling very connected. ", " problem solving : taking items that the processers couldn't find and awitching them to the correct item so when amazon decides to send this item out the customer gets what they asked for . processing : making sure the items that were sent back are able to be put back on the shelves to be sold again after customer ordered wrong thing or to small "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " a typical day at Amazon was a 10 or 12 hour shift of walking anywhere from 10-15 miles a day to be precise. There was no sitting at all you had to be walking and moving the entire time. Working there I learned to work accurately at a full speed. Management was the absolute worst they were never anywhere to be found and when you did find them they were never really a big help. Co-workers were okay I guess you had the mean and nasty ones, the sweet ones, the helpful ones, the friendly ones and the funny ones who made the time at work fly by. the job itself was fairly easy the only challenging part was keeping your rate up. the most enjoyable part of the job was lunch break and the days we got sent home early because there wasn't any work. ", " I would of stayed working here but I was having problems with another employee and they weren't helping me out with it. They day started early and finished late. We were on our feet for 10 or more hours a day. We had two meetings during the day to stretch and to talk about what was suspected for the day. I learned to work with others and to work at fast pace to finish what was needed for that day. The management was nice until I was held up with a problem that they wouldn't help me out with. The hardest part of the job was when the conveyor would jam and take 15 minutes or longer to start up again because it would slow everybody down. I enjoyed having the meetings and having the chance to win prizes. ", " A typical day is just scanning your badge and start youyr day on one end that needs help or that has bens open to store items. You must scan items according to bar codes and store them for pickers to get. ", " Worst company I've ever worked for, long hours and shifts for bad pay. Your not allowed to talk to co-workers next to you. The management treat you like dirt. The hardest part of the job is standing static for 12 hours, there are no enjoyable things to mention about this job or company. ", " i love working as an amazonian u get to know great people and they have great benefits as well to bad is far away from were i live. ", " If you like good, honest, hard work this is for you.  Most jobs involve making a rate.  You do get noticed if you have a good attitude and make rate, and will be offered new challenges. ", " This company was horrible too work for, a typical day at amazon. would be clocking in doing pointless stretches   The only good part of the job was it was 10 hrs went by fast. The worst part managers didn't see you as a person they saw you  as numbers and rates. Even if you improved on your as scores. if you didn't exceed at 100%, you got a write up.  Even if you where only there for a month. Just getting too know the down low of the place ", " A very fast paced work place. Great benefits. Employees and management very friendly. Great opportunity for growth in company. Day and night shifts 10 hrs four days a week. ", " its ok. long hours and no life but the money was good. i think if you are going to apply for this job be ready to not have time for anything else. ", " I enjoy my time with Amazon just wish I could switch shifts instead of night shift weekends I sadly never have time with my family. ", " Worked during the peak season. met a lot of new people and enjoyed working with the fun and fast paced environment. a lot of hours. good overtime pay ", " Job was close to home, pay was low and work was hard, insurance was outrageous in cost, and co-pays high. My family suffered due to excessive hours ", " Everyone wants to sell on Amazon already, it's where people start shopping. The role being a \"sales role\" didn't have any sales talent necessary to hit goals. The role was very data driven to ensure that sellers on the platform sold and had great products. If you are good at excel you'll love this role. ", " A typical workday consists of a 10-hour shift. You are given two 15-minute breaks and one 30-minute lunch break. They are sticklers on time, and if not careful, points can accumulate, and result in automatic end of employment. The company is all about production and making or going above rate. They also value your safety, which is #1. It's a good company to work for; however, it's nothing to make a career out of. ", " i think amazon is great for seasonal work cause they treat their employess like trash and lett the vets that been there go but they reward everybody even the temps not just the hired on folks but the managment team iss bad the breaks are terrible stand all day on hard concrete and u only get two 10min breaks and 30min lunches but when its slow they will let you leave if you would like too but they treat you like you a kid tell you you cant talk and the medical issues is terrible how they do to do when the dr gives u days off cause of an injury i was fired due to a misunderstanding between HR and managemnt team and FMLA ", " My typical day at Amazon was always filled with new and interesting jobs for me to do. I was thought how to pick, run cages, and was licensed on the order picker. I met many amazing and fun people that seemed to have loved the job as much as I did. I wish I was not a temporary worker because working there I felt comfortable, and I actually looked forward to going to work everyday. Also, the management there was spectacular they all knew what they were doing, and kept everyone on task. Over all working there was amazing it was a bit challenging at first but once I got the hang of things I grew to love working there. ", " Amazon does not care about their employees. employees can be easily fired and wages are low compared to other warehouses with similar duties. ", " good job for peoples wich just came to uk,targets was too big to achive for normal peoples, without air conditioning all summerswas like a horror ", " this is a job not a career at a level 3 or under. This company doesn't promote from within at that level or below. Un written rules or politics. ", " My current position, as Ship Clerk makes me responsible for every shipment that leaves the warehouse. It is a position that is weighted by high expectations from senior operations staff. The main duties of this job are to, effectively and efficiently; depart the packages, as prepared by other departments. To do this I use Dock Management Systems to control the flow of the entire operation. I am responsible for any delays with trailers arriving and departing and it is my duty to ensure that that no \u2018Critical Pull Times\u2019 are missed. This position includes liaison with external logistics companies and all other Amazon Fulfillment centers in Europe. I lead a small team of trained individuals to make sure the final steps of the warehouse\u2019s involvement with each shipment is handled with the utmost professionalism and importance. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon.com was a great company to work for. In order to keep your job you basically have to be very fast in shipping out the orders. I worked there for the christmas season and was very demanding job. They keep track of the orders your shipping out and if your not meeting the quota, one of the managers will come and give you ideas on how you can do the order more quickly. ", " its ok. pay sucks managment is a joke. Dont give a s*** about their employees. Benefits are the only thing keepin me put. ", " Working in amazon was always great, the people were great to work with, fun and friendly. there was plenty of opportunity to grow and progress which was a great bonus for me and lots of other people I knew. ", " Didn't work there long but got to build stages for musicians and set up vendor stands for football opening seasons. great experience ", " Great place to work. Just make sure to have a great pair of shoes because you do A LOT of walking. 20-25 miles a night to be exact. ", " Wasn't too pleased with this job because it was my first job ever. The manager was cool but when he left, that's when things were starting to go array. ", " Working at Asmazon was a great experience. I met a lot of kind people. A typical day at work was pretty good. I had 3 breaks and worked in a fast pace the whole night long. The hardest part about the job was keeping up the fast speed the whole night. When i got the hang of it, i was great. I learned to work really hard even if I was tired. The management was nice because they would come around and have conversations with us. ", " I personally think that the organization in the building needs work. With different shift changes and the etiquette of the building as far as bin cleanliness goes. It is not a bad place work at all. ", " Great place to work for me, I built alot of great relationships with my coworkers and managers. The hardest part of the job for me was keeping my numbers up. ", " Demanding place to work. You have to be very clear at setting boundaries and managing your work load. Managers are not trained - everyone is a doer. HR is only there to protect Amazon from another NY Times article ", " Typically your work depends on the working environment around you. If you team is good, then your job goes as you expect. If otherwise, then you need to do something for yourself. ", " decent job, wage is decent. But... the agency lies to you day 1, they say you're only required to work overtime only 1 week, once you've done your first week with overtime, they keep giving you overtime until you get paid off, and if your using the bus the agency put on, the extra 20 hours overtime you do one week it hardly adds up cause it all nearly gets taken off for the bus, so overtime isn't worth it. But for a bit extra money over the holiday time it's decent, just try opt out of overtime if you take the bus the agency puts on. ", " Amazons slogan is Work Hard Have Fun Make History. It is true but the jobs are very repetive. The jobs give room for growth and advancement. The pay is a little low but good for someone that is just starting a career. ", " A typical day at work is working from you get on the clock till you clock out.Whats I've learn is that there is always work to do. Management was great to work with.My co workers always keep the job exciting.The hardest part was not enough hours. The most enjoyable part was coimg in to work. ", " this place is miserable. everyone is miserable. pay is ok and benefits are great. makes you feel like your kinda trapped. ", " Working at Amazon I learned all the ins and outs of logistics and learned how to manage a company and business in a professional manner. ", " It was enjoyable, easy work. Co workers were really nice and got along with everyone easily. Was well respected and was asked to do multiple different jobs around the warehouse. ", " The workplace is very busy and a great place to work. With great benefits and great compensation pay monthly ", " I am manage and am responsible for the outbound/inbound department where I manage labor work force of 40+ associates.  I manage work flow and assign associates to different process paths and functions to ensure the departments are exceeding daily production, quality, and safety measures, as well as making sure all customer orders are shipped on time.  Responsible for overall team development as well as individual development, provide coaching and training if needed.  Lead a focused kaizen group, drastically improving an outbound working process to cut costs and improve overall productivity, leading to annual savings of $50,000.  Fast pace work environment with daily ambiguous decision making, processes are constantly changing and being able to communicate and implement those changes are the hardest points of this position ", " Typical day would be long in on time wait for your team leaders to brief you on whats happening then head to your station to work which would be for me re-bin or packing on multi-medium, well i was there i learned a lot, the great thing about a warehouse there is so many different jobs to do so your always learning, the management was fair there, obvious you had numbers to hit so as long as you worked hard they encouraged you to have a bit of fun as well, my co-workers were great to work with theydidn't mind showing you the easiest and quickest way to do something, the hardest part of the job was when you first start this is because your on your feet all day and you do find it quite tiring but after a few weeks you adjust to it, the most enjoyable part of the job for me was getting good at my station and cause its such a large place your always meeting new people you can have a laugh with. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " you can never find anyone in charge and nothing is ever there fault. it is a horrible place to work. sometimes you can go in and they don't even know what your doing that day ", " the most enjoyable part of my job was just being there. I learned to use a rf scanner and to ship out objects. i challenged myself to get my work out before it was time for it to be out. i loved my co workers. ", " I worked as a seasonal warehouse associate for a small gifts and collectibles business. Working in a small warehouse was fun, because I got to learn every part of the operation. The three other people who worked in the warehouse taught me how to do everything. I packed the book and/or DVDs and printed UPS mailing labels. ", " Amazon is a unique company in which you can make history in nearly every role.  The types and scale of things you get to work on/with is quite astounding.  Now...the downside...Amazon will work you and continue raising the bar until you throw in the towel.  People early in their careers will NOT find any coaching, mentoring, or social interactions.  In most areas of Headquarters its super quiet as folks are afraid to be seen not working - you will be ran off next appraisal period.  The management (Directors, etc.) is hit or miss.  There are some good ones, and then there are some atrocious and down right mean ones. ", " I showed up at 5pm and left at 12am. I would do stretches and then go to the area I was needed. I learned how it was to be in a factory setting. I loved my co-workers. Hardest part of the job was walking 21+miles in 12 hrs. Most enjoyable however was meeting different kinds of people and staying up all night. ", " Amazon is a great company to work for, the only thing about the employment is the management that I worked under at the time, would not place me back at my local Facility to be able to keep my job. They stated that my performance was not up to par and that I had to be release of my duties. I beg and pleaded for them to place me back to my local facility instead of losing my job and was denied. I should have been given a chance have working for them for almost 8 years. ", " only downside is pay and managers. but for the most part it is great place to work for honestly. fun environment with alot of great employee programs ", " has stable hours and fast paced. management is great. fun place to work if you get involved. Mandatory over time during Christmas. ", " After you punch in, you have to all but run to your work spot. They count 'non-productive' time, &amp; hold it against you. My position was as far away as you can get from time clocks &amp; still be in the building. There is NO sitting allowed, they remind you that there are cameras everywhere. You can't leave before 5 minutes before any clock out lunch or end of day, they have people taking badge names clocking out right at the clock out time, but if you clock out too late, they think you are trying to get OT. ", " I really loved this job, because I wouldn't have to drive anywhere, I was able to stay home. Saved a lot of money by not having to drive to an office, however it was difficult due to a lot of website mechanics and log-ins while trying to be fast and help the customer within a couple of minutes. With that being said the reason I had to leave this job was mostly due to me having to move from a valid working location. ", " pretty easy pace, lots of walking but easy to catch onto the work. fun environment. managers and coaches where always available to help with anything. great leadership. ", " it just did stress you out when you didn't hit you're targets and people was cherry picking, but the staff where pleasant and polite ", " i like working here but i really need to get on dayshift and with me being the only person running the department they cant let me transfer to days ", " A typical work day at Amazon was more for the comfort of the employees; they made sure you stretched before working. I learned how orders are placed into the boxes for shipping. Management was supportive and gave you credit for your hard work. The coworkers were very helpful if you needed supplies they'd share. The hardest part of the job was to make sure you have everything needed for that one certain order. However the most enjoyable was getting faster and faster at your job as you did it every day. ", " As a picker at Amazon, you must be constantly moving, walking at least 13 miles a days just scanning items. You must be continually scanning into items &amp; containers or you will be cited for time off task. ", " Co-workers are great there, everybody is friendly. The hardest part of the job was the floor to walk on daily. Job was enjoyable ", " Clocked in and got straight to work. Head over to the conveyor belt where items would be. Placed items into assigned storage bins. ", " As Senior Product Marketing Manager at Amazon UK I have the opportunity to launch new self serve advertising products into the EU Market. ", " had to reach numbers everyday and had to do a certain amount of returns. the job had its ups and downs they had contest for  holidays . it was some what easy going but very straight to the point ", " Poor management skills. At times this role was very tough and the equipment provided did not function correctly. A decent van was provided.......................................... "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I have been in different departments in the warehouse and for the most part, it is consistent work flow and labor. You will be standing on your feet for 10 hours at least 4 days out of the week. If there is overtime, you can work up to 11 hours on your feet and 5 days out of the week. They have good management for the most part and with the safety committee, there is always room for improvement. I would recommend this job to some one who likes to walk a lot or stand a lot. ", " This is thee worst company I ever worked for! It's probably as bad as working in the blood diamond mines in Africa! You are treated as such, a useless individual that is worked to death, and are ALWAYS expendable! Your hard work doesn't pay off. I wouldn't even recommend working here til you find that next job like another ex-employee has mentioned. They saw me limping, and they fired me because they viewed me as a \"future\" worker comp claim. I never complained about the injury because it didn't happen at work. Your breaks are short waiting behind others in line to clock out and the LONG trip to the break room makes your 15 min. break cut in half. Part of it consists of using the last 2 min. of it walking back to the time clock and waiting in line yet again! Run, don't walk, AS FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE AS YOU CAN! You've been warned.... ", " Amazon. I have worked in many FCs over the years, each one is different but there is a driving energy behind them, the culture long a ago was a lot more potent than it is now. This is not to be taken as a bad thing.  the customer obsession, that is probably the best part the focus placed on them is unreal sometimes but it keeps the business focused and with the right time can be an awsome thing. The hardest part of the job is also the most enjoyable. ", " enjoyable work place people were nice and the boss was great fun outgoing experience and got to interact w customers to much pressure ", " Great management team! A typical day there would consist of a lot of work and very fast pace movements. I enjoyed the company because they are very organized, and have a really great motivated team. Its a huge corporation so of course you have hundreds of workers and a lot going on. However, what makes it a good work environment, is that they are really huge on safety and quality. ", " Work you hard. Rate very hard to hit. They give you five chances to make rate or fired.  Management not very good. This job was not very enjoyable. ", " fast paced,motivating job to have,but a bit repetitive,management seems to be logical in most cases in my opinion infact Amazon is very clean.. ", " This is a contracting company. There is little interaction with them after the initial hire. They would take us to lunch or happy hour about once a month. I have had them contact me while working for other jobs way before my contract was up which showed some intercommunication issues. They have followed up with some job leads since leaving the company. ", " The job is decent it just seems to be more suitable for high school/ college students that rent responsible for families. ", " Worked all the time, mandatory.  Management talked to you like you were less than human, and even yelled, screamed at me.  As production slowed, it seemed as if they pushed people to quit because they no longer needed they.  I still have friends that work there and love it.  Just my experience. ", " We get a lot of customers daily. the job is off and on busy, the hardest part of the job is having short staff when very busy. overall i love the company and the coworker. i just love begin to be abke to help people. ", " Typically i work at day time. I leaned how inter-act to other raise people and safety in work. The manage is quite ok. My co-workers is niece and with have coordition with other.The hardest parts of may job is there you always sweating lifting heavy weith. The most enjoyble is during my 2 days off. ", " Very energetic and productive work environment learned many technical and non technical concepts of amazon very supportive and helping co workers over there ", " Pay is okay and you can dress how you want but they DO NOT care about the well-being of their associates. Their have been multiple incidents in the year I've been working there and the ambulance have been called to the site. Overall if you like long 10 hour shifts this is for you.! ", " I was a coaching manager for about 25 people who checked in and reported to me, did their hour logins and reviews. Was a great learning experience I developed a ton of great leadership skills while working with Amazon ", " i think amazon is great for seasonal work cause they treat their employess like trash and lett the vets that been there go but they reward everybody even the temps not just the hired on folks but the managment team iss bad the breaks are terrible stand all day on hard concrete and u only get two 10min breaks and 30min lunches but when its slow they will let you leave if you would like too but they treat you like you a kid tell you you cant talk and the medical issues is terrible how they do to do when the dr gives u days off cause of an injury i was fired due to a misunderstanding between HR and managemnt team and FMLA ", " Productive work place. Management trains you on what to do and are very helpful even after the training days are over. It requires a lot of walking and drinking water along with the proper clothing and footwear. ", " Managing the business for 2 footwear brands. Learnt a lot, worked on all functions and across geographies. Great team and co-workers, supportive culture. ", " A great place to work. The best part about working here is that its all about team work. The cool thing about this company is that you work four, ten hour shifts so you are able to have 3 days off. \"Work hard, have fun.\" ", " I currently work in customer returns, I am at warehouse deals and it is a very small team, but we all get on really well. I do various jobs at this department, but I am currently grading 90% of the heavy bulky items, very time consuming but enjoyable.  The hardest part of the job is going into work and not Knowing IF YOU ARE GOING TO BE THERE THE NEXT DAY. My personal opinion is that is not very fair for the associates as they are giving more than 100% at this employment but do not know if they have a job.  Best part of the job is having fun with your colleagues but working hard at the same time. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I really like this job. I was a order picker for this company. the hours and pay was great. I also had overtime a lot. also I always met the requirements I had to do everyday. ", " A typical day at work is very busy. I am constantly scanning and receiving items and ensuring they are in the correct condition in order to dispatch them to the next department. I learnt how to improve my ICT and numeracy skills. It also allows me to adapt on my communication skills and how to use machinery in a health and safety aspect. I work well with my managers, which in orders me to go to them for advice. They encourage me on doing my best when working on shop floor and helping me reach my targets. I also consider myself as a team member as in this place of work, team skills are vital. Amazon is such a world wide company, it makes my job difficult as some of the products are in different languages. I struggle with reading the labels attached to the items delivered. The most enjoyable part about my job is that everyday is different. It gives me a chance to learn new skills and adapt on different challenges. ", " I found Amazon to very aggressive, fast paced, quick to change, good salary, innovative, accelerated growth, multifaceted, global, company with boundless resources and many skilled people all pulling to make Amazon bigger, better, and the best. ", " I only worked there for three weeks. Very fast paced and on your feet for 10 hours with very short breaks. Was hard to keep up the rates. ", " Its a fun place to work at but has no full time opportunities and no health benefits. I am looking for full time hours. I love working with my co workers and the managers are pretty cool to work for. The work is pretty easy and not too difficult. ", " Enjoyable workplace large warehouse very busy environment.Pay should have been higher for work performed.Major drawback was the numerous delays with the robotic delivery of customer merchandise. ", " Productive fun work place. every one is great. You gets lots of physical excercise and at the same time you learn and grow in the company. ", " They run out of work all the time. we end up standing there for hours doing nothing. it affects us and we get in trouble for it. not a place I like to work at. the management pick favorites. ", " At Amazon it is a fast pace working enviroment with that come hard work and great pay.Great benefits from insurance to 401k and they even offer part time work to those who cant work full time. ", " Terrible place to work. Managers will accuse you for problems that were not caused by the employee, even though they know what the actual problem is or was. Human Resource was never there to help people with any issue they may have or would always have an attitude. Would not recommend working here. ", " First swipe your badge five minutes before starting shift, stretching exercises before starting the work shift and being informed about new procedures, policies, safety requirements.  I personally worked in the packaging department, sort department and then the outbound ship department.  Like working in grand central station extremely busy environment of which I liked. Scanned material throughout the day, sorted items, inspected products to make sure in good condition before shipping out to customers.  Two breaks for the day one in the morning and one in the afternoon.  Also swipe badge go for a half hour for lunch then back to work. Most of the work crew would work together toward the set goals for each day. Time elements must be met for shipping out to customers and must be in good quality. Rotation of workers is essential  in each department if cross trained in those departments.  I enjoyed the cross training and the people I worked with. It is vital to enjoy the job you are doing and to have fun at the workplace too. After meeting the goals of scanning, sorting, and shipping the items out pretty much the day is over and then you swipe your badge before leaving the building. ", " Days at Amazon were tough and always fast moving, but you always stayed occupied and had a lot to do during those long days. I was placed on a variety of different jobs and tasks such as stowing, working on the dock, consolidation, and ICQA.  I learned a lot about being as efficient as I can in a fast-paced environment, having always had to keep to making rate at all times of the day. I met a lot of wonderful people through my co-workers and my managers, and they really helped to enhance the experience and make it a grand one.  The hardest times of the job were when there wasn't much space in the warehouse and deliveries were still being made frequently, resulting in stowers having a hard time finding space for things. The most enjoyable part of the job would be the people I met and got to talk to and become friends with. ", " A typical day for me at Amazon is as follows:  I clock in a few minutes early. All employees and managers participate in group stretches and we have a brief meeting. I go straight to work; recently I have been pulling pallets from 30 foot racks via the Reach Truck. I enjoy a brief break at 9:15, a lunch break at 11:45, and a final break at 3:15. My duties within the company might vary on any given day based on my certifications and qualifications within the company.        While working at Amazon I have joined an elite group of individuals who have learned to drive each of the PIT vehicles. I have become experienced in operating Microsoft Excel. I have undergone several hours of instruction involving safety training for the work place. I have learned how to use the software specific to Amazon, as well as all equipment necessary to performing tasks at Amazon i.e. scanning guns. I am proficient within every department at Amazon as a result of my training and experience.         My managers have done a great job, although Amazon restructures and relocates its management every two months. I have developed lasting friendships and formed good relationships with several of my co-workers.        The hardest part of the job is that I am often transferred from one department to another on a daily basis, because I am very skilled in each area, as well as open to new experiences in the work place. While I enjoy variety and excel in a fast-paced working environment; this makes it difficult for me to remain proficient in every area, because of the limited time I am able to spend in ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> each area. While this does make my job more challenging, I am grateful for the learning experience it provides.         While at Amazon, I have most enjoyed driving the Reach Truck, and obtaining a higher rate of stowing and pulling pallets from 30 foot racks than the average Amazon employee. I am competitive by nature, and so I excel in areas where I can compete amicably and professionally against others or against myself for my personal best. ", " Typical day is come in, they have stand up meetings where they discuss what the day entails. You have to do these exercises before you start work. There is a screen or list that tells you where to go. I learned Amazon is not a company you  see as a career. They find any and everything to fired you about. Their intentions is not to keep people for a long time. Unless you are in upper management or HR. They hire anybody..so be prepare to deal with all types of people. The hardest part about the job is having to pick items. You are walking for long periods of times and they make you go everywhere to pick the items. The items are not easy to find. you find a location and you have to dig through all this stuff to find it. The most enjoyable part is meeting new people and developing friendships. I love the fact they give you great benefits.  If you need a job, go for it. there is no interview process. All you do is show up and take your drug test and if you pass the background check and drug screening you basically have the job. Just don't think you will be there after 2 years. You will be miserable. ", " Management on my shift is very good, other than that its not to good a place to work, they over work you and underpay you. Than you have to deal with a lot of peoples bad attitudes or just plan rudeness. the dress code is not followed employees dress unapporiately. ", " Lucrand la Amazon am avut parte de una dintre cele mai placute experiente de la colegi, la sefi, la clienti.  Mediul de lucru este foarte placut, salariul foarte atractiv, si cel mai important este ca totul este foarte bine organizat. ", " It's a great job if you're willing and able to do the work and stand/walk for many hours. Full-time associates get full benefits, 401k, and stock after a few months which is nice. The location I'm at is great on giving people the tools for the job and having enough during your breaks (e.g. large breakrooms with tons of vending, water machines all over the building). Overall Amazon as a whole is a great company, but the only issue is the mid-tier management.  If you're new, don't be afraid to ask other regular associates the questions, sometimes they can be nicer/more helpful than the higher ups. ", " There is so much that needs to be improved in this place. The turnaround is there for a reason and they just don't seem to care. Scanners don't work properly half the time, you can't find people to help you and then when you do you get different answers so you never really know the right way to handle it the next time it comes up. They make you feel as though you have to rush rush rush all the time because that's more important than getting something done right. If they would really take the time and train, care, and listen you wouldn't have people walking out everyday. I would think that is a waste of people's time and company's money. When a company has to start offering thousand dollar bonuses to get people to stay there shouldn't they realize there is a problem!!!! ", " Working for amazon was great. Everything was extremely well organised and you always knew where you were supposed to be and what you were supposed to be doing. The management here took a keen interest in every employee as an individual and did there best to cater to your personal needs to the point you could even have a fan given to you if you were too hot. I learned alot about the running of a warehouse whilst employed by amazon, aswell as health and safety. There wasn't really a hard part of this job as everything ran so smoothly. The best part of this job was working to a dead line as a team and achieving it. ", " Amazon was a super enjoyable place to work at. The managers were great and were really interested in individual success. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Strong employee relationships from the beginning, I had no trouble making friends and feeling welcome from the first second I walked in. Management is friendly, and they get to know you on a personal level. Significantly high amount of safety policies, so you have a safe work environment. Work is fast paced, but if you have an excellent work ethic, you'll have no problem. ", " Good place to learn a lot of things. I think if you are a dedicated workers with a geninue desire to meet the expectations ; all places are good to work. ", " Fun place to work and fast pace, great environment, steady work, able to move up with seniority, stability and very good benefits to live off of. ", " Amazon is an overall great place to work for however they do not pay the amount of money a person is work and the management there with the exception of one is an absolute joke ", " Fast work pace,however is a fun work environment. If you stay on top of your rate you're good! Can get hectic at times! Everyday it is 10hr shifts with 2 15 minutes breaks and 1 30 minute lunch break. ", " Amazon is fast paced and requires walking around 10 miles a day.Depending on which side of the center you work on, break rooms are a distance and takes longer to get to. ", " the job is what you would expect being a sales rep a coke. Get your job done and sell and no one bothers you. Very little input from managers. ", " Benefits are great and it's nice to work only 4 days a week, having 3 days off IF you don't mind 10 hour shifts. Plenty of chances to advance and a flexible schedule for those who are in school. Paid holidays, Paid Time Off, Paid Vacation Time, Lots of Voluntary Overtime. Enjoy working alongside people who share your experiences and learn from those who don't. Only real downside is working weekends, specifically saturday, and at least part of the day on major holidays except for christmas, which is the only day they close. Had to do a lot of rescheduling and bending backwards for things I wanted to do outside of work that mainly fell on weekends. ", " This company is all about the numbers. Long shifts with few breaks. People are expected to behave like robots. Management is clueless as to how the actual job works. ", " As i pack the customer order as they came in .And made sure that the item is not damaged before shipping off. To the customer ", " This job is not for the faint at heart. You must do everything you can to make your required numbers or you will be terminated. ", " A typical day at work would consist of packing single items into boxes then putting them into a conveyor belt so they can be processed and shipped out to the customer. I learned how to work independently and in a fast paced environment. The management was amazing because they always were there when you needed them. The hardest part of the job is when the lines are down and I can't get my work done. I enjoyed my job at Amazon. ", " Amazon was a great place to work.  The people were nice and you knew going in what had to be done and what was expected of you. ", " This job was a very face paced job, but often times double work would be pushed on its workers. I will say the job was easy to learn how to do. ", " A typical day at Amazon is a very fast-paced and busy day. I've walked 10-15 miles per shift pulling orders and stocking items everywhere in the Warehouse. ", " it was challenging and hardworking and that Is what I like. the management was okay and I learned how to pack and pick and drive a forklift, I loved my co workers. ", " - Research and write effective mail is my typical day at work - Learned a lot of technical skills - My co-workers are great - Strict management - The hardest part of the job is to deal with escalated customer issues ", " Operated hand held scanners, pallet jack, scanned merchandise into bins, loaded and unloaded trucks. was a great team member that come in first place more than once. ", " Not a great career if you have a partner and you work on night shift. Work 40 - 60 hours a week. Work 4 and off 3. Company has strict policies even for day 1 associates. Lack of communication from upper management.  Assisted in: Quality,  Safety audits,  Training,  Performance Management,  Assisted HR with on the site hiring as an Escort while candidates where in the building,  Cross trained in several other departments,  Payroll ", " I started working here a few months ago. So far, I really like it. Time flies during most days because we are always so busy. The leadership team at my location is very friendly and is open to training you to do new things. Its very easy to move up and I've seen some people do it within just months of working here. My only complaint are the short breaks. We work in a large warehouse and most of your break can be taken up just walking to get the main entrance or the breakroom. If you are thinking about working here be prepared to WORK HARD and also invest in comfortable pair of running shoes. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " amazon is a boring factory setting with non existent work breaks, a typical day at work is standing still packing boxes for 10 hours at ridiculous rates of speed. My co workers were awesome people, management does nothing but police the environment, and i have learned to not work for a company that doesn't work with its employees that want to work but can not completely due to robotic work conditions. ", " Is a good place to work for depends on one's overall ambitions. It offers alot of benefits ", " Working here you were constantly on the move. No matter what section you were working in, you learn something new. You had to be very fast when working in any of the departments. ", " A typical day at work required me to scan and organize packages before taking a van to either Brooklyn or Manhattan to deliver either fresh food or mail order packages. Hardest part of the job was just about everything involved in it, definitely the toughest job I've ever had. Juggling driving in NY with timely deliveries is not an easy task. ", " Able to work in different areas and over time was available. ", " This job kept you on your feet. You were able to work and learn at the same time. The people that worked there was very helpful when you needed the help. The hardest part of the job was standing on your feet most of the time. The most enjoyable part of the job was the diverse atmosphere of people that worked there. ", " A typical day at work. It can be a fun work environment some days and some days its unpleasant. Management is respectable and very caring of your feelings and how your work day flows. ", " Good place to work in which you can meet friendly and interesting people. Requires hard work and a lot of patience to do the same thing thru 10h. Might be challenging to keep up with manager changes. But the best part of the job is the friends you can make there. ", " it was a well organized company with with alot of opportunity. a really fast pace job. working side by side with co-workers, helping each other. learned alot about the product we builded. it was a great experienced. ", " They have a great job benefits, there are a lot of opporunities to advance in, and great work enivronment. ", " it includied alot of standing in the one place for 8 hours and it wasnt to pleasant.. id rather be moving around. some of the employees are very ignorant. management ok. i learned about the sytems and whats good and bad packaging. learned alot about saftey too. there wasnt a hard part apart from standing in the same place you sometimes got a good laugh with the people around you. ", " I would report to the stand up floor at the beginning of the shift to see what station or floor I would be working on. If at a station, I would pick items and place in totes. If at a floor I would take totes off the line and place on the conveyor belt. ", " When hired by the company, they sold their image so well, it was hard not to be enamored with them and everything they claimed to offer. They give you health care, paid time off and a \"block\" of unpaid time off right away. You're also accruing additional paid, unpaid and vacation time from day 1. Unfortunately, once you cut through all the glitter, you'll discover this company is far from golden. Rate and output demands are ever changing and, depending on department, quite literally unobtainable for most people, on a consistent basis. Management claims to have an open door policy in place, as well as on sight HR representatives ready to address any concerns associates may have, but the longer you stay \"off task\", the more likely you'll be written up for failing to meet productivity requirements, thus making it practically impossible to utilize these resources, unless you're willing to sacrifice your breaks, or personal time (off the clock). This environment is not a nurturing one, so don't expect anyone in management to approach you and commend you for your hard work. Also, don't be surprised when the only time they interact with you, is to tell you everything you're doing wrong, regardless of any legitimate explanations for concerns with productivity or quality. Favoritism runs blatantly unchecked or addressed. If you're the type of person to \"rock the boat\", \"complain\", \"defend yourself\" or \"contest any management decisions\", be prepared to experience unwarranted psychological abuse by anyone wearing the \"leadership\" vest that happens to take offense to it. If you are an individual ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> with any disabilities, seen or unseen, be prepared to be mocked and ridiculed because of them, by management, both behind your back and to your face. I strongly suggest avoiding employment with Amazon Fulfillment Center - DFW7 location. The monetary compensation is not worth the absolute nightmare they'll subject you to. ", " I have always pursued my duties with a positive energy mindset while providing excellent service to our customer. I will always be self motivated to fulfill my highest service while showing my loyalty &amp; potential to both the company &amp; our customers with can-do attitude while demonstrating my strongest work ethics ", " great company, great people, very smart, high-impact work, great work benefits, the list goes on ", " A typical day at Amazon can last between 9 and 12 hours per day, almost the entire time was spent answering phones and talking to customer. I felt that the management wasn't always on the same page with each other. You'd ask a question and it would often day days to get an answer, often times the answer was I can't discuss it with you. The coworkers in general were pretty nice but, there was no real time to develop any professional relationships. The hardest part of the job was dealing with repetitiveness day in and day out. Snack carts were the best part of the job.  Advancement was difficult if not impossible. It was more of who you knew vs what you knew, previous experience was often not relevant or not considered. Their policies are very scrupulous and can result in being terminated without justification. ", " Very high burn out rate, very good benefits, safety training, many hours for peak season. ", " Working in a fast paced metric driven environment with proficient multitasking and navigation in a windows environment Independent, creative, and timely with the ability to not only solve the business customer\u2019s problem but think outside of the box and go the extra mile to prevent future issues. ", " The work days were really long, and I learned how to pick and pack. The managers were good, they always found ways to keep us up beat and going. Most of the co workers were nice and very helpful if you had questions about the jobs. The hardest part of the job was the long shifts, and kind of short breaks for the ten hour days. I really enjoyed the fast pace work. ", " Excellent opportunity to learn how to properly manage customers complaints and concerns and offer a resolution that best suits the customer and represents Amazon in the best light.  Managed at least 50 telephone calls per shifts. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Everyday will be tiring but fun at the same time. I learned working for my first time is not very easy. Also, the managers were good always checking what they were they doing right &amp; wrong. My co-workers were hardworking. The hardest part of the job was surviving each day. The great thing about the job was meeting different people. ", " Amazon is a place of favoritism depending on who you were buddies with is where you stood in the company the 'nobodies' were basically pawns which the company did as they pleased with. I was hired with a group of about 20 people by the time I left the establishment there were only about 2 of us left. The days were tedious and if you for some reason happen to take a 2 min breather you had a PA down your back threating you with write ups. The most enjoyable part of the job was leaving, everyday was like a release from a cruel and unusual punishment. Non-the-less everyone worked fairly well in the work place, bottom line employees that is, helping one another out making the best of what we had. It was definitely slave work regardless of the pay. ", " -\tMy position entailed improving and maintaining the performance of my associates  -\tHandled escalations for Associates dealing with unhappy customers and find creative ways to resolve the issues in the best way possible -\tHelped maintain service levels managing associates call flow, voluntary time off of associates and regulating customers ticketed. -\tDeveloped associates with improving their metrics as needed  -\tLed varies teams to help boost team morale and improve production. -\tAnalyzed current processes deeply and identified opportunities for strategic improvements  -\tMade a constructive change to the teams work environment directly and indirectly ", " A typical day at work at amazon starts with a 5 min stretch before any works done. Then, we check the board to find our station and begin working. Work consists of first retrieving a cart full of items, then scanning and packaging items according to size, and finally we tape and attach shipping information for transport. I liked the people and management it was a fun and challenging work which I loved, and the only hard part was leaving. ", " The salary at Amazon was amazing however the incredible long hours and the Culture is horrendous. I was an operations manager but had 0 power to influence change. This is exact opposite from what Amazon touts as a trait they like to see in employees. I was a mindless robot who was forced to be a yes man. The only manager who survive here are the ones with a short resume and have fear to find another job. The top level (site) managers are experienced but have a fear that someone will take their job so the overcompensate by being harsh and unhelpful.  Bezos needs to anonymously spend a day at one of his facilities to which he will be extremely shocked to see his exceptional 12 leadership traits are nothing but a suggestion. I quit a job that provided a 6 figure income and six figure bonus with stock options worth $250K because the job was so unrewarding and mindless. I now refer Amazon as the Anti-Christ. I love their documented proposed culture but the realistic day to day life was not as advertised. ", " Good money and hard job as I've been working night shifts. Very happy about the overall process of how the warehouse was managed wih so many employes out there. Very high standards of health security as well which made Amazon a really safe place to work. ", " no phones lot of physical manual labor long hours no sitting. prize giveaways stock in amazon lot of job advancements and perks and incentives ", " Working as a courier for Amazon logistics is dreadful. Working hours are long - and Amazon demand every single parcel 160-180 is attempted and above 15 returns demands a reattempt. Devices and software frequently malfunction, routing is frequently poor, demands are continually raised and constant process changes create dysfunction. In addition to that agencies frequently attempt to short change drivers on the payment front; quick practice is everywhere. Items are not scanned or counted by driver before delivery so if there is a warehouse team error the driver is often fired for that. Add in the constant threat of concessions, long hours and general sense of disorganisation and threat from Amazon. You have the worst working environment imaginable. ", " Typical day go to the meeting find out which station you are stowing at for the day, learn what goal have been set for the shift, pretty much for the rest of your ten hour shift is stowing at 3x5 area feeling bored out your mind without any music or anything exciting to make your day go faster , pay could be a little better but it's okay. breaks can be better since the warehouse is bigger than football stadium they say we have ten mins for breaks but give us 2.5 mins to get to and back from our breaks areas what an joke , lunch is only 30 mins good luck heating your food up with the space age microwaves we have  overall  it's a job. ", " advancement opportunities were scarce, if you were doing well in one certain position opportunities to move up were not in your consideration. hard work and exceeded expectations at times gone unnoticed. amazon motto is quality over quantity but in reality they make the rated function which items are needed to get out in a certain amount of time and pace over how the quality of the product is handled before shipment. a lot of favoritism between superiors and entry level in the warehouse. ", " A stower's typical day at work is putting items in bins making them available for customers to order. It's a fun and easy going job. You get to have fun while you put items away so it's very positive. I've learned how to pallet stow, and case to tote besides regular stowing. Management to a great job by motivating us, giving us feed back and rewarding us for our hard work. The hardest part is not getting shorts when your scanning items. The most enjoyable part is being able to make friend and have good work related relationships with managers and coworkers. ", " Accomplishments are well beyond reasonable, but demanding standards of  performance, especially in the key areas of responsibility. ", " Amazon is one of those jobs that you don't need much to do to get through the day. Only some good running shoes and subject that will keep your mind busy for the day since electronics are banned. not much to be trained on. Biggest downside is the no electronic rule and that your best bet on taking break is at your station or whatever your position is, but your checks are always nice. ", " Catch train to amazon start work at 7pm and work till 10.30pm have 15 minutes break then work again till 1.00am have 30 minutes lunch then work till 5.30 or 6.30 depends. my co-workers were nice and became friends with lots of them. I learned to use a scanner and how to manually pick items correctly and about health and safety in the work place. I enjoy everything about amazon and the management were good to talk to and help you a lot. ", " Amazon is a great place for someone who does not have experience to learn all there is about warehouse work. I learned a lot at Amazon, how to train new hires, drive PIT, how to solve problems and how to manage a department. Everyday was fast paced and you had to stay on your toes to get the job done.  The most enjoyable part of the job was the success I had at the end of the day making our numbers and that there was no accidents. ", " I was assertive before I came here and now I'm aggressive. This environment forces you to be scrappy, fighting for the limited resources that exist. It's ok to be lean and employ an environment where people are inspired to be resourceful. But when you have hundreds fighting for the same thing the result is ugly - hungry games style! Also, everything you learn is specific to Amazon so there is no best practices knowledge being obtained. On the upside, you can move around more quickly, every year. ", " A typical day working for Lopez Party Rentals lots of craft activities and being around lots of people. What I learned working at Lopez Party Rentals was working as a team and practicing patience with other. Management was a part of the team very hands on and concerned. Co-workers were fun, outgoing, ready to work and reliable. The most enjoyable part of my job was being very social and hands. ", " I learned a lot from this work, training people and leading. I did a various amount of jobs at the warehouse including dock,sort and problem solving.  The downfalls were the facility was not clean and they didn't provide much of a canteen. It was small and most stuff wasn't working toilets,vending machines ect..  The job wasn't so hard once you got used to it but took a lot of stamina to meet deadlines.  Another downfall was some of the staff hired, complaints were filed against them but nothing got done about it. The managers seemed to ignore that they were causing trouble in what is a team based work place. ", " Don't have anything bad to say really they are what they are just have your feet ready for a lot of walking if you are a picker stowers have it way to easy ", " I been with the company for six months seen a lot of favoritism and a bunch of B.S. reasons why you weren't choose for postion. My main job is to stand in 3x5 area looking at a screen and scanning products into pod or mobile shelf on a robot for ten hours if lucky not be asked if you want take volunteer time off. Because of lack work don't bother asking to be cross - training lead to empty promises and you're stuck on the schedule they give you specify Fri-mon on nights    I trying my best to keep my hopes up but I not seeing any of the advantages to learn more and grow. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I don't actually work for the company, Amazon.I spent two years writing a book and it is being sold on amazon.com. So far it's been a great experience. ", " I enjoyed working at Tj MAX , It did not interfere with school or my studies. The environment was great and so was everyone there. ", " management treats you unfairly, they need a class in people skills and attitudes.  you don't make any money and no room to advance ", " Great Place to work but I feel we don't get paid enough for the hard work we put in everyday. Yes, we do have good benefits, a good 401k plan, and we each get our own stock of the company, but when it comes to our checks....you could say it's a bit pitiful. ", " Huge company with many locations world wide, some the management is very supportive its a very high pace work. Great co-workers, hardest part of the job in my case is being stuck in a position that is holding me back and I have clearly showed that I belong in higher role. ", " Fun work place with supportive management.  Very much about the numbers but also personal development.  A lot of red tape and politics (lots of actual tape as well).  There is a great wealth of knowledge and plenty of room to grow if you can get through the reviews.  Your value is decided by an algorithm as opposed to leadership. ", " working at amazon was efficient and structured. time managed general work areas clean. co-workers worked as a team. making our  goals and surpassing what was expected. ", " A typical day at Amazon was the same everyday. After clocking in, I'll check the board to see where I was placed, then I'd grab a cart or cage and begin my shift. This was the same after each break as well. I learned how to do this position productively. The co-workers were friendly and hardworking. The hardest part of the job was packaging heavy objects and placing them onto the conveyor belt. The most enjoyable part of the job was the breaks, getting off and pay day. ", " A very good place to work at. my job role is to pick a variety of products and put them onto a conveyor. the hardest part of the job is walking around to much for 10 hours. its a very good job and there are a lot of other amazing people who work as well. ", " good place to work but target are set to high and not a good place to work managers are always on your back............................................ ", " targets are impossible 12 hours and my feet were blistered, there shoes are terrible crippled me after 3 days but i kept going for 3.5 months ", " I'd walk around twenty days alone striving to be number one at the end of the day. Picking items from shelf's, putting them in my pick cart and repeating it. for ten hours. The pay was great, the people were great, but the work for me was just to repetitive and grew old to me very quickly. ", " Amazon is a good company but it's no joke there. You have to maintain a productivity rate consistently or you will be fired. There's many people who want to work there so the company doesn't have to put up with mediocre work from their employees. What I like the most about being an order picker was that you didn't have a supervisor breathing down your neck every minute, and that a ten hour shift went by real fast because you're constantly working. They do print out your productivity rate between break periods and lunch, so you have an idea how good or bad you're doing. ", " work starts at 11pm just load up ypur truck and head out to each locations just make sure that deliveries are made in timely matters. Finish by 2pm have the rest of the day to your self. ", " The work is hard. The people you work with are great, however the management is only out for themselves. Pay is decent for a warehouse job but not that great. ", " Fun work place with young and enthusiastic workmates and management. Salary is not that much but working hours are so long. ", " The company overall is a great company. Just an FYI before one applies there; There is no job security. Prepared to worry for your job everyday you work there. ", " Supervisors were unfair, management was okay, nights were long and were not fun at all, but the pay was great but working night shifts takes its toll hard. ", " My day start off by preparing work, I create batches and distribute the work load every 11/2 to 2 hours in a 10 hour work day. I also resolve any variance that may occur, such as erroneous products received or incorrect quantity. The management is awesome but precise. The job is easy and stress free but there is times where the bottle neck process can be intense but that occurs mostly during peek season. ", " Too much focus on a person's \"rate\" for doing some tasks, and far too little focus on their overall worth to the company.  I like many of the co-workers that I have there. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " When I think about happiness in general, I picture being passionate about whatever I am doing, having freedom, and being surrounded by people that truly care about me and want to see me succeed. Most Millennials agree with me, especially on my last point, as 71% say their coworkers to be a second family to them. Socializing and having fun with coworkers creates a bond and fosters camaraderie, so these two factors directly correlate with one another. Considering this, it should come as no surprise that a study found socializing to be rated the highest out of all fun-related activities throughout employees of all ages and generations.  Organizations that cater to these desires will attract and retain the most talented candidates out there, and will experience a big boost in employee happiness, retention, and debatably, even productivity. ", " Mangers promised alot and never came threw for us. we couldnt move up because in there eyes its not how hard you work its who you know. ", " I loved working at Amazon until they removed the day shift hours. Half of the employees had to quit due to the shift change. ", " Amazing company for someone starting out or between johs.  No clear communication among managers  Brutal 10 hour days but only a 4 day week... MANY mandtor 50 AND 60 hour weeks tho as well. ", " Place defrauds feeble minded people there rates are inaccurate equipment is from a flea market place is a sweat shop stay away don't purchase there dollar store junk over priced ", " The job was challeging and demanding.  Work involved picking and scanning items from warehouse inventory.  Learned how to read bar codes and determine which were correct and which had mistakes.  The hardest part of the job was learning to not make mistakes. The most enjoyable part was reaching my pick goals. ", " Great place to work for, but management needs improvement. Good hours, good pay, and great benefits. Hard working, fast pase, and full time hours. ", " Overall a good place to work. The job is very time consuming but its all worth it. Would love to work there again. All about numbers. could have more staff for sick and hurt people. ", " As a technical accounts management associate, my job was to answer phones and assist merchants in putting their product for sale on the Amazon.com website. I learned a great deal about on line sales and working with spreadsheets. This job was fun, but I did notice that the younger employees were the ones moving up regardless of their skill or hire date. Most all of the Team managers were helpful and fun to work with. I really enjoyed the casual atmosphere and fun competitions between departments. Management was very in tune with keeping morale high. ", " I loved the people and the job. My managers were amazing, but being a single mother working 10 hours a day and having a job not understand babysitting issues and things of that nature kind of ruins the job for me. ", " If Amazon hired more experienced and diversed managers and supervisors, employees would stay employed longer. As far as the work itself, it is very easy anyone could do the job as long as you take your time to learn the job. ", " great place to work. I use to go in from 7am to 5:30pm Wednesday to Saturday. at the warehouse you start by gathering in one spot for each different department to participate in \"stand-up\". during this time the managers talk about success rate etc.. and all employers must participate in stretches to ensure that injuries are avoided as much as possible. after about two months or so, depending on the employees capability to catch on to his or her current job title, they will eventually be trained into a different department. ", " I started with Amazon as an hourly associate and earned my way to management over the course of 3 years. I loved my job as Area Manager, but the upper management and GM were simply terrible people. There was never a sense of appreciation for the associates or managers who were spending 60-70 hours a week making them look great.  The only time you would see upper management on the floor was when they were out for blood.  It wouldn't matter if you were running an amazing shift or breaking records, they were there to find something as small as a piece of paper on the floor and would use that to belittle and berate managers to the point of ridiculousness. This cut-throat style may have worked 10 years ago, but it doesn't now and it shows in the turnover rate for both managers and associates. ", " You will love working at Amazon! It's so many job functions in one, that you will never get bored. You also can challenge yourself into getting better and better, minute by minute. Amazon can offer you a skill set that can be used proficiently in other career opportunities if you choose to and you don't even have to have a degree or pay for these great opportunities. ", " I love it!. Interesting people to work with. Fast paced, friendly workers. Process changes all the time so able to learn and improve constantly. ", " Fast paced business and customer orientated.  Counting inventory daily is a huge task.  With the direction of great management daily tasks are designated and spread throughout the inventory department.  Co-workers are eager to meet the goals of cycle counting and making sure that each bin is accurate.  The physical part of the job is a lot of walking, stretching , bending, climbing up and down on ladders.  At the end of the day customers are able to get the products they need with the greatest customer service possible. ", " The company wants 60 orders per hour packed, but I could only pack 40 to 45 and I requested to be moved to a department that I would be more suited for and was told that I had to be proficient in the department that I was in before I could be moved. I was fired for unable to meet production standards. ", " A typical day at Amazon Fullfillment Center is very busy and rushed. You have a certain amount of time to do EVERYTHING. My job was to pick. I was to pick certain items that my scanner told me to pick from certain bins and put them in a tote. After that tote was full I was to put another tote on top of that and when that one was full as well I had to take them to a conveyor belt and send them off to packing. Amazon is a well known website. You can order ANYTHING from there and get it in a good time. My co-workers, the ones I knew anyway were very nice. But I only knew a few. You don't really have time to \"get to know\" anyone other than on your lunch and that was only 30 minutes. Overall, the job was good. I just didn't think it was for me. The most enjoyable part about it was that I knew I was getting the customer exactly what they wanted in the time that they wanted it. ", " 6 am starts 12 hour shifts, 6/7 days to cover Christmas and holiday periods, downside I could travel to Doncaster for 6 am and be sent home at 10 am if no work in factory. Diversity brilliant a great mix of internationals on the work force and on the management. ", " An average day at amazon is same thing everyday. You don't really get to talk to anyone to much. Everyone is very nice. I enjoy the security Amazon provides. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Good place to work, just long hours and awkward schedules. The pay is good, but the lack of union allows them to pretty much treat employees however they want to. ", " They show very little appreciation. The most you get for a reward is a vendor buck! They don't pay enough for as hard as they want you to work. They don't appreciate the hard workers they just make them work harder by giving more work. ", " Working at amazon is fulfilling as far as pay but there really isn't ANY chance of moving up. the department I worked in was awesome, everyone did their work and went home. The average day goes as follows:  Clock in break clock out  lunch clock in  break  clock out home  repeat the next day  nothing mentally challenging just physically ", " Enjoyed working in a fast pace environment and the employees were great.  Although I started at a crucial time I still was able to pick up the fast changing work environment.  A downfall this company does have is communication and disorganized. ", " Best employer I have ever had the opportunity to work for. The benefits available are above and beyond anything I have bad before. I was given opportunities souly based on the content of my character and work ethic However, the peak season was extremely difficult. 10 to 12 hr shifts, 6 days a week, and an additional two hours spent attempting to enter/leave the parking lot ", " Amazon is all about the numbers and getting things done their way, if you have a different view than the management you can voice it but nothing changes. ", " Working at Amazon is meeting customers expectations. I have learned to be more self motivated to achieve the days outcome. Management is there to help when needed. Co-workers are pleasant to work with, and is always helpful when needed. The variety of tasks were challenging and exciting. ", " It was a nice environment and they always had a smile on no matter how long they have been working there has been no other experience like that ", " I would not recommend anyone to become employed with this company. A better management team and system is highly needed. ", " Good pay and friendly workplace, but high stress and extremely highly monitored, no room for error whatsoever and everything you do and say will be analysed. Not for the faint hearted, but very rewarding if you enjoy giving good customer service. ", " Rude and bad behaviour from management.... follow you and their point system....you r just a number... management is so rude..... make u feel u owe them.... ", " Amazon puts to much on there employees.  I took 4 different ou's calls and i was only trained to take calls in 2 of them. and when you get a negative response on something you no nothing about sucks ", " Not a place to build a career.  Depending on the nature of your job, it could be very monotonous in nature and with little work-life balance. ", " not a good company to work for, not good for your health. There's too much lead to breath in and you must be tested for that every month. ", " I worked at the CVG3 fulfillment center. Typically, you are either sorting product into totes, or stacking boxes onto a pallet. Everything else you may be doing in a typical day is assisting those two main duties by either bringing them product, taking away their full pallets, transporting pallets of empty totes to the sorters, or assisting sorters or palletizers in technical issues with equipment etc.  Managers give the desired (restful or little labor) tasks to favored employees every day of the week while others will do the grunt work, making the hard workers work even harder and the lazy workers (typically the favorites/seasoned employees) even lazier.  The only enjoyable part of the job is interacting with the various cultures of people and learning about they're personal/business experiences. ", " Work four 10 hour shifts Tuesday through Friday over nights from 6:30pm to 5am. The hardest part of this job was walking 13 to 17 miles four days in a row. I enjoyed working with my co workers and the management team. I've learned how to work over 10+ hours. ", " I applied for full time and turned out to be seasonal. The pay was good. No bennifits since it was a temp job.It was not that far for me to drive. ", " If you don't mind long hours and constant workflow then Amazon is the place for you. In general, the staff and management have a great attitude about the job that they do but you will have to learn the Amazon lingo if you want to survive here. There are hundreds of acronyms and terminologies to memorize and live by for the Amazonian.  Amazon uses a \"four-days-on, three-days-off\" schedule and all shifts are 10 hours so if you have never worked a full-time job I would probably start somewhere else; if you are accustomed to long hours then you would probably do well here. Both day and overnight shifts are available.  The benefits and compensation package are exceptional with this company.   Overall, the company slogan is completely accurate. They work hard, have fun, and make history every day. ", " If you have someone to help with your children and you don't mind working a lot of hours then you might like it. The warehouse work is hard but the pay is decent. I just didn't feel the Pros out weighted the Cons. ", " after morning stretches you are sent out to your department. as a picker you have from 7:05 to 7:20 to pick 20 items. Depending on which floor your scanner has started you on you need to bustle. If you miss these fast starts you will be talked. Your two 15 minute breaks are actually 10 minutes, the other 5 used as travel time from scan to scan. You need to keep picks to 115 items an hour, if you have trouble during the week and end up using your UPT this will lower  your weekly average and if you get lower than 115 items per hour you will get a written official warning. Trying so hard all week to keep up with the quota detours you from the job quickly. After work all I wanted to do was sleep. 10 hrs on my feet to do it all over again tomorrow, sleep was a necessity that interfered with my home and personal life. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Big company that seems to want to care about employees.  Seem to care more about you if you went and got a 4 year degree...in anything. Doesn't really matter what you have done in the real world...just get that degree. ", " Great place to work, management is very supportive, Great competitive, not much room for advancement in regards to pay (only done on tenure basis) work is very repetitive but atmosphere is decent. ", " a typical day at work would mean i picked items from our racks for our customers. I usually worked in team lift(the heavy items) with a partner, which was great to have somebody to converse with during the day. We would go get on our machines(reach truck and side rider) and head out. We were expected to pick 16 items an hour and we would always pick over that. The hardest part about the job was waiting on other people that had items to get in the same area, but enjoyed getting to work with a partner(most don't) and using the equipment. ", " The day began by talking about the totals from the previous day. We would be allocated jobs matched to strengths. Th job was very fast paces so I needed excellent ability to concentrate and work at speed. There were lots of different roles in the warehouse but I mainly worked as unloading and stowing. ", " I enjoyed working at Amazon but was released due to an illness causing me to gain points, a system I do not agree with.  Otherwise I found the job challenging and fun, and made friends along the way. Currently I am trying to be recruited again but whether that happens or not I do not know. ", " I always arrive on time and can wait in cafeteria room. My managers always happy and greet our co-workers. I feel safest in the world because there has highest security. It request monitor when the break time or lunch time. The warehouse have safely and do warm up with the group. They have AmCare and safely staff so they can help us. ", " i can't say enough about this company that makes it a great place to work. the only thing i regret is that this was a temporary position. ", " I have learned a lot about time management. Make pace and precision conciliate so your day would be count as highly productive. ", " working at amazon was efficient and structured. time managed general work areas clean. co-workers worked as a team. making our  goals and surpassing what was expected. ", " Management was perfect, they were understanding and handled everything with proper work ethics. The hardest part of the job was adjusting to the long work days. The most enjoyable part about working for Amazon was the coworkers and managers encouraging you to do better, as well as helping you when you need assistance. ", " I enjoyed working for this company, they had respectful management, and I learned many new things, the hardest part was working on the dock, The most enjoyable part of the job was probably  all the opportunities they offered, A typical day is depending where you're at in the company I worked in Packing at the beginning of the day we would get our scanners and then have a meeting and get ready for the day.  Excellent benefits,  even though I was laid off they took care of the company. The employees that didn't transfer were paid severance and the employees that were let go in the middle of the week were still paid for their remaining week as well, ", " It was hard to maneuver with the politics at this company.  The C-Level management acted more like a click than a resource.  Not fantastic in motivation. ", " The day-to-day is not challenging or stimulating despite having a very high-skilled and educated staff. Some days are better than others but, in general, employment at Amazon should be used only as a stepping stone to your next career goal. ", " the work is not hard, but you need to stay focused because it is tedious. good work environment and the security is 2nd to none. ", " Amazon is very fast paced and you can and will learn a lot if you are willing to do so.  The turn over rate is very high and that is because the work is very demanding and grueling at times especially during peak seasons.  However the benefits package is worth it and when you aren't going through peak seasons the work isn't as hard. ", " I enjoyed working there i had no problems, seemed to get on with everyone in the building, met a few nice new people, the hardest part id say was that you had to stand for long hours but for me it was no problem cause im only young with full of energy so for me i didnt complain, i learned a few new thing i didnt expect to learn whilst i was working there, i learned how to communicate with people more, i worked in big groups during some periods, my mind set got much better i was focused at all tiimes. in general i just enjoyed working there. ", " ambassador at amazon  lead at claridge . at amazon tell folks we got 30 min to clean  line H off , pushing positive out  telling folks your you all are awesome . now lets move to line J  an help them out ,we got 7 min an wow! its was done , you all done a great job , you are awesome  there is a way to talk to folks to make them work harder. management pulls all ambassadors aside to find out how things are going.  co workers love my positive  feedback  then other ambassadors. hardest thing is nothing (can do attitude ) . enjoy working with folks ", " A typical day at work consisted of walking a lot miles to pick items. I learned to use my own mind in planning and getting things done my way effectively and safely. Management was supportive and never talked down to me if I fell short on my production. Co-workers had the same attitude. The hardest part was getting use to the walking but it was hard to adapt quick. Enjoyable part was making production. ", " The FC I worked at closed and was an older FC so it's hard to say how it compares to other FCs. A lot of time on your feet on concrete floors. Mostly good people to work with on the ground level. Managers in general didn't really care. It's all about rate, even when it's impossible too make rate or you're pulled to assist them with other stuff. There's not a good work balance so you will either work tons of overtime or be given time off. ", " I enjoy working at Amazon because of the people and environment are great! I can relate with so many of my coworkers and management. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon tries to be awesome but tends to get mired down in the paperwork.  Management is often entirely uninvolved in anything going on but likes to manage aggregate metrics.  Additionally, they will ask as much as they can from every individual for every hour of every day until you say no, then they will use shame techniques to make you do more. ", " the job was a good job and the team i worked with was good onlt problem was the Warehouse wasent clean and maegment wasent very good ", " Amazon is not a bad place to work unless you plan on working there for a long time. You get a variable bonus every month. The majority of the departments aren't difficult. You work four 10 hour shifts a week. You get a raise every six months for the first two years. You top out in pay after 3 years. ", " go to designated station ...making sure station is stocked with boxes, etc needed for the day...verify items on computer and box size....prepare box...place items in box, pack, pkg receipt in box, tape box and send down line.....good management to work for....wonderful co-workers to work with....the hardest part of the job is depending on the line...you may have heavy items and have to prepare large boxes which can be difficult to maneuver...I loved being able to complete my job and make my numbers. ", " everyone there was in good cheers. the staff was good and they took really good care of their employees.  I started in pack singles and over the course of my being there they began training me in other areas. I worked in Outbound and I have training in the following areas:  Pack singles High velocity Gift wrapping Warehouse deals Manual Slam  the break rooms are amazing and super impressive.  whenever I had issues they were taken care of. ", " A typical day at work was standing there pulling bins and scanning items to put them in slots for the customers.. I learned eye to hand coordination and how to do things in a timely manner..I got along good with my co-workers...The hardest part of the job was standing for 10 hrs straight...most enjoyable part of the job was the experience ", " Great place to earn immediate cash and have fun working. Great place for warehouse experience and fast place to move up in promotions. ", " I had an a amazing experience working with amazon. Always had to be on your toes. It is a hardworking company . A typical day at amazon will have your legs to your feet sore the whole night. I learned how to pace myself and work at a good speed. Management and co-worker were very helpful. The hardest part of this job was staying on my feet. The most enjoyable part of this job was meeting new faces everyday. ", " i would clock in an we would have to look on the board to see what we were doing that day usually I would be packing most of the time but some times I work sort I loved to do both so it didn't matter where they would put me after we found out what we was going to do we would do a ten minute work out stretch our bodys out before we start we would go to our station an when the bell wrong we started working our co-workers or managers that was in our section would walk around and see if there was any problems or needed help with any thing.the hardest part of the job was trying to keep my rate up all day till it was time to go but I was able to do it 95% of the time I loved being able to work in a fast environment and still get my job done with out hurting my self or any one else..an the most enjoyable part was seeing my name on the board every couple of hours cuz my rate was always high ", " You arrive to a crazy parking adventure every day. There are hundreds of people working the same shift as you. You go stand in line to clock in while one person's badge won't work and they refuse to stand aside to let others through. Then packers go upstairs to stretch and fight for a station. If your name is on the list and has a station number, you better get there quickly. Someone else can just take your station if you have not claimed it. You get a rack or tubs of goods to pack. Then you start packing them into boxes. The computer gets the size of the box wrong every now and then. That's about the only time you have to use some brain power. The job is about quality and speed, but mostly speed. I'm not the speediest,but I just keep on packing. The co workers are very nice. The management is ok and always trying to motivate the workers. The hardest part of the job is the long hours and mandatory overtime. This is not a job for those who find it hard to be away from their family. Then at the end of the day you must fight to get out of the parking lot or take a bus up to overflow parking. ", " Working at Amazon in one of their many warehouses is hard, but fun work. The management to upper management is always willing to help and listen to all concerns. Being a part of the Amazon family is just as the name describes...A Family. They definitely go out their way to make sure its employees are treated fairly and with respect. They even provided flu shots and a Thanksgiving meal in November. I enjoy the people. The work is simple, yet demands to be approached and handled with care. ", " Fine place to work, the money was great thoough the hours were a bit much.......................................... ", " I worked at Amazon (Phx 6) for about 6 weeks. I started work general at 7:30 am and looked on the board to see where I was working for the day.  I stowed items off what they call a u-boat.  This contains items to be scanned and put on the shelves.  I also learned how to received incoming goods and put them on the u-boat. I learned how to use a scanner,how to stow, and received using a scanner.  The hardest part of the job was getting used to the hours but I learned.  The enjoyable part of the job was being in a environment with people and working with people. Management was overall good. ", " \"You can definitely learn a lot in short spam in Amazon as they make you work a lot\"   I have been working at Amazon.com  Pros  vibrant, fast paced culture - smart, fun, aggressive colleagues - management is focused on latest tech trends and staying or becoming a leader for many of them - by and large, customers and partners are very positive about the technology - good benefits and perqs ", " A typical day of work consist of either sorting product from your computer station, or Palletizing boxes to the right destinations using an RF scanner. The hardest part of my job is that it can be repetitive. You may find yourself scheduled to do the same thing for days or weeks at a time. The most enjoyable part of my job is the people that i work with. They are friendly people who do the best they can to help you succeed. ", " Benefits are really good. Job experiences depends on every single individual. They ave food free almost every quarter and peak season is a good time to pick a prize. Best wishes ", " There is no time to be a bad worker in this work place environment. With it's fast paced sorting and packaging positions and quotas to meet, it forces you to become very involved and responsible for your production. I enjoyed the people and work environment the most. The hardest part of the job is the mandatory overtime during peak season. ", " Sunday-wednesday but a lot of overtimes .I learned how to work safely in warehouse and other places as well.Management is getting bad .The reason i say that,management used to be wonderful in my warehouse but now because of creating little leaders under area managers making a lot of mess like making favourtisim among associates other than that is good management. ", " A typical day at that job would of been stretching and going over how many units we have to stow in order to be in the percent to plan goal. I learned that every manager is different not all managers are the same.The hardest part of that job would be the managers communicating among each other. Sometimes you were told to do a job from one manager than another manager tells you to do another job. The most enjoyable part of the job would be setting new associates up for success.That also ties into training other people on how to there job the right way. ", " Provide quality work and preform several test and measurements to insure product quality is acceptable for customers. While also holding a leadership position that others look up to while communicating with higher management. To me the job is easy not because it is easy because it is far from that, but the fact I enjoy it makes it fun and easy. I am thankful to work with hard working and friendly people. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Its a great environment overall  just dusty..(Sinus) No messy folks.. everyone gets along Counting for 10 hrs. Its good exercise throughout the day..(squatting, stretching and walking) ", " very productive day had its ups and downs  learned communication great management coworkers were very polite the hardest part was standing all day i enjoyed the coworkers ", " Fun work place with supportive management. A typical day of work would be clocking in at 6:45 and picking as many items without making a mistake as fast as possible. I learned how to move with urgency as well skills for working in warehouses safety, etc. The hardest part of the job was working from 6:45pm to 5:15 am. ", " Great place to work, management is very supportive, Great competitive, not much room for advancement in regards to pay (only done on tenure basis) work is very repetitive but atmosphere is decent. ", " The work was not as bad as one might think, but when you have managers that all worked some where else together you couldn't go to one about issues with another simply because they would not talk to the one you're having the issue with. Instead they would talk to each other about who it was that said it and then you would get treated differently. ", " though the job is only a seasonal postion I enjoyed working there with the supervisors and co-workers very face pace learning enviroment ", " Fun team-based environment with supportive and positive management team. Productivity is key to succeed. Teaches you how to grow and adapt to change, new surroundings, and different functions on an regular basis. ", " Love the Experience at Amazon,its making me to be a more responsible and more manageable person. My Managers have a lot of trust and confidence in me and my work performance ", " Great place to work with great benefits! Managers are very hands on and willing to help when needed. The job is very easy. ", " Terrible culture which begins with Human Resources and Management which have put policies in place to favor Amazon without any regard for the employee. No flexibility at all to accommodate work schedule or shifts and the overall environment is very negative. It feels at times like a modern day sweat shop while simultaneously feeling like you are in a prison! ", " I started this business by finding profitable deals on goods then purchasing and selling on Amazon.  All profits were put directly back into business.  Amazon has made it very difficult to make this successful due to the ongoing fees applied. ", " i was required to pack then I soon moved up to slam operator within two weeks. my task was to correct the mistakes of others who sent packages that were not shippable down my line. however if to many people were making mistakes I had a in line slam operator who took packages back too the packers who made mistakes so they could fix them. I was also in charge of giving out write ups. a write up was like a warning but after to many of them you would soon be terminated. I also was a tote handler, and was in charge of putting all empty totes back on the line to get back down to the lower floor (the pickers) so they can pick the items us packers needed to pack. ", " I like working for Amazon, but it's very strenuous. I like being very active, but it was difficult going home every night so sore you could barley move the next day. But I do like the job. I've lost a lot of weight and I feel great all except for the muscle pain and stiffness I have when I wake up. ", " fast paced environment. Long hours, decent pay and I think the management and co workers need help in the getting along aspect. ", " It does have some good and bad times. It has good basics but they sometime fall short. Great potential just need the correct motivations. There is a lot of favoritism and little job development with no real room for growth. ", " I worked the night shift here it was kind of slow at first the drivers would come in get weighed fuel there trucks get there receipt then shower ticket and then they would leave I had plenty of time to straighten the shelves and clean the bathrooms wipe everything down ", " only stayed one week, orientation was okay,training is about a day and half then your basically on your own,the workers there are very friendly,never met my manager,the place is over one million square feet,hurry and find out were your working and make sure to always be working they will check on your production and rates by day three,the breaks aren't worth even barely taking unless you want to walk a mile to get to the break room then break is over same goes for lunch,expect to walk five to ten miles a day,very physical no one really talks during work hours for fear of making there quotas,its very high tech looking lots of hr,learning centers and management sitting down through glass windows as you pass while walking,the whole set up is ridiculous,reminded me of a sweat shop except by looking at it looks like a really cool building were you think is nice environment to work but is deceiving you don't really get to  experience the nice break room,tvs,ping pong no time have to make your quota and break your back,i really wish there was a union to help the workers out they deserve more ", " Task orientated place to work. Good pay for work done. Very accommodating to everyone with problems.  Long hours of on feet work every shift.  Great coworkers and management. ", " Amazon always allows employees to benefit from working there. Whether it be raffle opportunities, the ability to move up in the company and great medical benefits. ", " Ok workplace, easy simple tasks to accomplish, physically demanding. Lots of people to work with. Poor management and hr on   jobsite. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Zero reasons to work for Amazon long term. They could care less about your opinion or value unless your one of the boys. If you don't say yes sir your days will be numbered   No idea how they make money or keep employees for more then a year.  I would rather change oil on a bulldozer in the mud with high winds and 36 degree outside air temp then even look at the place.  I have never worked anywhere as bad as Amazon. They call themselves zombies and that is what you have to be to work there a brain dead zombie ", " picking, packing and sorting orders.  Its hard to gain any kind of advancement.  The management is good and are easy to talk to.  The co-workers are hard workers. ", " When I began working at this fulfillment center it was like an oven in the summer and it was very uncomfortable to work.  However, management invested in a cooling system that has made a huge difference.  Seldom do you hear people now complain about the buildings temperature. ", " A typical day at work is tiring from the 10 hour days to lifting boxes all day every day with minimal breaks.  My co-workers were wonderful as a place like amazon has people from all walks of life and a huge age range, so there was never a shortage of people around.  The majority of the management i know are very rude, do not explain your job well, and seem to be on a power trip, while i'm sure this is not true of all of them, that was for the most part my experience.  its nice that you come in and know what your doing every day there are only so many options on the other hand that gets very monotonous. ", " A typical day would be doing one job to the next and then going to another area if they needed help there. Putting shoes on the self and having a friendly conversation from time to time. I learned a lot in a little time. I learned how to build work related relationships with my co-workers. How to apply team work into a working environment. I learned a lot of different skills and time management.    The management had its up and downs. I liked my managers and they helped me out a lot. Sometimes people felt they were favoritism being put in role. But I did enjoy having the feeling they were there for me and would help if I needed it. My co-workers were friendly and polite. They made the job fun and interesting. I met some great people while working there.   You always have those few rotten apples in the bunch but management did a good job at getting them out. The hardest part of the job was the adjusting to moving departments two or three times a day. Once you got the hang of it that all came natural. The most enjoyable part of the job was the \"family time\" you get when we would have culture days. Those were days when they take maybe 15-30 minutes off the work day and do activities in the warehouse to get you involved and meet people you work with and get to know them better. ", " I loved working there... everyone was really nice to  me... My lead was an awesome guy, he kepted up pumped up to meet quota.. he always wanted us to be the leading team... I loved that... My co-workers was awesome as well... Redlands... A1 from Day 1.... ", " A typical night would be going to stand up, finding what position your going to be in, getting to the job, sometimes they send you messages through your scanner about changing into soemthing else. I learned to not get too distracted to focus on my job so I can continue to get prizes, and recognition for my hard work. ", " \u00b7         Customer Service  \u00b7         Cleaning  \u00b7         Cash handling  \u00b7         Problem solving  \u00b7         Stock take  great experiance would have ;oved to been a permanent worker here ", " I really enjoyed this job even as a temporary position the managers made us all feel welcomed and helped us anytime it was needed. ", " Do not work here. Management does not know what they are doing. Most managers are straight out of college and walk around with lab top glued to their face.Way too much overtime building manager keeps taking other buildings trucks. No where to put freight but they still expect you to make rate. I guess the lab tops tell them this, Worst place in the world to work. Also everything we are told turns about to be false. One day we was told no overtime for upcoming week next day everyone on mandatory overtime.CLUELESS!!!! ", " Amazon is an extremely fast paced work environment where you must give your best night in and night out in order to keep up with work standards. I have nothing but positive remarks regarding the management who create a positive and fun workplace. During my time at amazon my peers mad the hours move along much faster and with a plethora of personalities and entertaining individuals this was also the best part of the job. The hardest part about the job was that the amount of work to meet quota and the amount of work available did not always line up. ", " Favoritism. If you have a degree it does you no good here. They prefer uneducated and low skill workers with no experince. Area managers are lazy they just sit checking their fb status. Good starting pay. NO room for advancement ", " It is not the best job ever i had to walk 10+ hours every single day and stow items on the shelf, although i liked the manager he was outgoing and understood his work ethics, ", " It's a pretty cool place. the benefits are great. management kinda sucks.. you're constantly moved around doing something different and get yelled at when no one tells you how to do your newest assignment. hardest part is getting moved around so much. ", " This is fast-paced to work with career advancement opportunities. The most enjoyable part of this job is that you get to view all of the new products coming through and get discounts if you were to purchase anything! ", " Amazon pay is great, but when it come to everything else they need to work on a lot of area. The human resource dept is the worst i know at this company. They all talk about each and everyone in this company will throw under the bus. The General manager is the wost one in this company, he will walk around and make the employee life miserable. if you dont go along with what they want, you will be railroad out of this company, no one is on your side with this company. They company spread lies. Worst company i ever work for ", " At amazon every day is different, some days are harder than others. I have learned many a things while at Amazon, customer returns &amp; how the supplies supply Amazon with the products are one of many. The management team are good, they help you tell you everything you need to know and try and help you succeed. The hardest part of the job for me is on customer returns which is what I am on at the moment, you have to be careful as one mistake could lead to a customer getting a damaged item so you have to make sure you check it when it comes back and make sue its in sellable condition, The most enjoyable is being able to in a nice environment due to co-workers and how everybody is around eachother, nice place to work in. ", " This company only hires a certain group of people. They only take their time with a certain group of people. They don't have medical benefits and their management is horrible. ", " I enjoyed working at Amazon and I got along with the people working all around me everyone was very friendly and welcoming.  The only thing I think would need improving is on the packing lines give the workers an option to sit down whilst working as this would of let me stay working at amazon. ", " No complaints other than shipping and receiving dispatching you a cart later than they really should. The job stability is nice if you can maintain a steady number of delivery hours a week. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " just an awful workplace, the management doesnt care about its employees and the work/life balance is ridicolous in favor if work ", " covering reception,12 scanners and dealing face to face every day with associates and clients and gaining lots of positive customer service skills.working 12 shifts , days and nights on a 6 on 3 off system. ", "  Develop and monitor Trailer pool requirements and coordinate requirements with carriers  Consolidate data from multiple data sources and generate weekly metrics and daily reports to support business needs  Coordinate carrier pickup and delivery issues  Helping support daily management of department duties, including allocating labor, leading meetings, assigning job duties, and communicating with internal and external suppliers  Quickly promoted from level 1 to 4 in less than 1 year (Logistics Administrator, Process Assistant, Logistics Specialist) ", " I will get straight to the point to amazon staff are ten a penny the turn over of staff is outrageous the agency staff get the worst deal as many of them are there to be worked in to the ground with a slandered 10 hour a day.Work targets that high that to meet them you have to damage your body while the stress put upon you by the leads to hit targets result's in worry over your job security. Compulsory overtime is a thing that they like to put on you anytime they feel like going as high as 60 hour's if you refuse as agency staff  to work this your gone an as permanent staff you are pushed out by being given the worst jobs in the factory. illness is another one if you are sick you have to call in every day failure to do so result's in point's getting added to you you get half a point if you go home ill 1 point if you call in an 3 points a day if you don't call in i have seen a member of staff get taken away in an ambulance after there appendix had burst and they still pointed him first for going early then for no call no show.i would advise to only consider working there if you have no other option. ", " Amazon being the worlds largest online shopping site company had the best work atmosphere where equal opportunities were given to everyone. An individuals hard work and dedication was truly recognized and appreciated in forms of bonus and promotions. My day to day activities included meeting with new recruits screening them for the job process and assisting the HR team. Being into HR team and an active member of funsters ( Team building Group activities) we enjoyed work. I learned how to deal day to day activities of HR and interacting with new people on daily basis which in turn improved my social skills and boost my confidence. Hardest part of the job was when we had to declare the results of the interviews held. The most loving part was to interact and be a bridge between the employees and the management. ", " This place is awful they find the job that is the hardest for you to physically do and then torture you by making you do it constantly even though you are trained in other areas. ", " I would never be bored and not want to leave work due to my work pace. I learned how to use a scanner well and work around a lot of people. The management was great and tried to help any problem that could be solved. My co-workers weren't really to happy due to their age and long hours. The hardest part about my job was the last couple hours of work because you knew how much time you had left. I enjoyed working at a fast pace to try and when the picking competitions that we had. ", " It was a great experience working here at Amazon. I enjoyed working her and met a lot of nice people.  Reason why i left was that i couldn't keep working nights and i cant work day shift because i don't have a ride for my children to and from school. ", " It's a workout. A diverse atmosphere of co-workers. The management staff is understanding and strives to push their employees to their highest capacity to complete all tasks. Most days can be a drag due to the 10 hour shifts, however the management staff engages their employees with competitive games and prizes. ", " Cool company to work for , alot of positions where you can move up in the company. The company have great team work and leadership skills. ", " This is a warehouse job, so just keep in mind that this is a very active job. The pay was pretty decent, and was not bad. Personally for me, it was just too repetitive. ", " Hard busy working day early start late finish but  but loved the job could earn extra if I wanted too. all my mates got a job there easy to get into ", " Overall Amazon I found where hard and difficult to work for but, I just kept my head down and worked hard. Management where on top of their game, making sure that everyone was hitting their targets, and if they were'nt then they'd have a quite word to that person to see what's affecting them. Co-workers where all really good friends, I got on with the majority of all staff. The hardest part of the job was deffintly the heavy lifting, and worrying of damaging you're back for a sake of one item. ", " A typical day at work scan package. Some co-workers help. Day go fast. Get training before performing any job. Good part time job ", " A day at work is like walking for 5 miles. We do a lot moving around the building which keep us on our toes. Management is very friendly and always there if we have a problem with our work. They give us the opportunity to learn different area of the warehouse, from receiving to shipping. Having to be around my co-worker make the day go by fast and fun, and I enjoy being around them everyday. There are certain areas of the job were you stand for 10 hours on your feet and can be very tiring at the end of the day. ", " \u00b7         Customer Service  \u00b7         Cleaning  \u00b7         Cash handling  \u00b7         Problem solving  \u00b7         Stock take  great experiance would have ;oved to been a permanent worker here ", " working for Amazon as a company is a good experience as all managers are approachable and friendly and are understanding. ", " I worked as a warehouse associate for two months. I enjoyed the actual work itself as it was as if I was getting paid to work out. The jobs is not for sissies and requires being on your feet and per Amazon, walking approx.10 miles a shift for part-time workers. I worked hard and enjoyed that my co-workers were from every culture. I was liked by everyone, but I'm not one to sit back day after day and watch every single rule they talk about at \"stand-up\" get broken the minute the employees feet hit the floor. I was let go because I was too verbal and spoke up. A large company like Amazon only wants a warm body on the floor to perform the essential job duties. They do NOT care if the job is performed right, they just want it done. I did the work, but did it correctly. Henceforth when I reported too many wrongs, I was set up and let go. I'm actually now pursuing this by having someone who just applied for and got a position at the BF15 plant so they can see and believe everything I reported to them is true. Then Amazon will be in the news, once again for poor business practices and will hit the news again. ", " It was a very good job on my ex-location, but unfortunately, I move from that location to another place. if I Find new vacancy from that company which is close to me , definitely I will apply again. ", " No complaints other than shipping and receiving dispatching you a cart later than they really should. The job stability is nice if you can maintain a steady number of delivery hours a week. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Learned how to locate an idem then pick and pack the items ready for the customers to receive on time. time keeping and meeting targets that were set. ", " fast pace enviroment and working for the company is good. the most enjoyable part of working for the company is meeting lots of new people. ", " Role was fine, projects were interesting but had unrealistic deadlines causing too much stress every day. Culture-wise- people are too rude and consider it part of direct feedback mechanism. Backstabbing and blaming is part of the culture. The best part of the job is that you get to work with young/smart people and can learn if you reach out. ", " Good place to work at if you are in need of a job. Not what it used to be but it will hopefully get better if they start treating their workers better than they currently do. ", " Amazon has amazing fun daily getting results with customers and employees alike. The atmosphere was genuine, fun. The company and management always showed care and concern for whatever you're experiencing , professionally and personally. ", " I'm thankful to Amazon,because those 6 weeks I worked there , helped me a lot in my life,I was working with positive persons,I was learning english there ,I forgot about some problems. ", " A typical day when I was working as Ops Admin was conducting reports, attending to associates' concerning, and general progress throughout the warehouse. My manager was very personable and cared for those people working for him. Hardest part in the job is when it gets extremely busy! Most enjoyable is the ability to help people daily. ", " Amazon was a fast paced and energizing job. I learned quickly to adapt to a high moving and productive facility. It was exciting to keep up and earn the rewards of finishing with high ratings. ", " I did many things while working here I was an Order Picker some night on the OP machine I was more than 60 feet in the air for 10 hours, I would pick customer merchandise, pack merchandise, and I also was an ambassador I was directing person(s) on how to make their job easier for them or having them do it the correct way(s) ", " enjoyed working here there is always room for growing in the company and becoming apart of the management team. although the hours are long and strenuous, it was a fun work environment ", " Zero reasons to work for Amazon long term. They could care less about your opinion or value unless your one of the boys. If you don't say yes sir your days will be numbered   No idea how they make money or keep employees for more then a year.  I would rather change oil on a bulldozer in the mud with high winds and 36 degree outside air temp then even look at the place.  I have never worked anywhere as bad as Amazon. They call themselves zombies and that is what you have to be to work there a brain dead zombie ", " Nice place to work. Got chance to work on challenging assignment. Team members are good. Lot of new things to learn.   Oracle is integrated with various applications.  Nice to know flow of data across different applications. ", " A typical for me show up on time do the job with care and be safe while u doing your job help out your co-workers and listen to your boss ", " A typical night would be going to stand up, finding what position your going to be in, getting to the job, sometimes they send you messages through your scanner about changing into soemthing else. I learned to not get too distracted to focus on my job so I can continue to get prizes, and recognition for my hard work. ", " Answered 60+ calls from your home office using company equipment.  Co-workers were the best support system!  Hardest part of the job was the survey that was sent to each caller after the call ended, the survey could make you or break you. ", " With a staggering array of metrics and analytics, Amazon.com is truly the most customer centric organization in the world.  A true pleasure to work alongside so many gifted and brilliant people that are all dedicated to the customer. ", " fun high energy atmosphere. co-workers and management would always be more than willing to go out of there way to help in any way they could .i enjoyed the the time i spent there.amazon Phx#3 ", " Amazon is a great place to work at. I enjoy my job and I love going to work. The management is awesome. I would recommend Amazon as a great place to work. ", " A typical day at work would be pretty stressful but its very fun.You are working hands on with the leadership team that includes OPS managers, and leadership that run the building. The hardest part of the job was trying to stay awake for the last hour of the work night which was 4 o'clock in the morning ", " It was a good fun job fast pace i learned teamwork , and i got a lot from that job.the hardest part of my job was leaving cause when you start to work you be having so much fun the time just goes passed. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Very isolated. Mostly uninformed in information other than your job function. Had to be self motivated. Very easy to go under your job mark. ", " Amazon is not for the weak-hearted. A typical day requires a picker to walk up to 20 miles per shift. It is a fast-paced environment which allows little room for errors. I enjoyed the challenge of pushing myself to new limits, but the most difficult part was working a weekend night shift schedule. However, I have gained a new tolerance to working long hours and have gotten more physically fit as a result of my time as an Amazon employee. ", " I was a fantastic Place to work but I moved to Florida so I had to leave it,  I enjoyed helping customers get the items they ordered and taking esculation calls. I loved helping them make the correct decision on the merchandise they were ordering.  Helping them find the item they wanted at a great price the right size and colors by helping them search the internet over the phone. ", " Amazon is what is it. It is a very fast paced job that requires a large amount of self motivation, drive, and willingness to adapt to constant change. It can be difficult, frustrating, rewarding, and unforgiving. This is a job where anyone can be replaced, ANYONE, that includes your leadership. Their turnover rate is incredibly high, and has no sign of lowering anytime soon. but with that turnover, if you succeed and prove yourself valuable, you can advance. Don't expect to get any higher than a PA without a degree or several years in a PA role for the company. Amazon is customer driven, not worker driven. You are not the priority here, the customer is, something to keep in mind when dealing with frustrations. You will work overtime, in some cases, what seems to be unfair amounts. It is all for demand, because at the end of the day management has a job. As stated above Amazon is what it is, take or leave it. ", " It was a good job. However, there was a lot of favoritism. It seemed like they didn't really look at your resume or experience because people who just started at Amazon as their 1st job were moving up. At the end of the day, you had to be friends with the right people. however, their benefits are great! ", " The processes are not difficult and it is very easy to make your rate. However, management is not the most professional. There is a lot of favoritism and i do not feel like one gets recognized for their work. ", " Challenging, demanding, fun, adventurous, innovative plus a bit hectic work. Nice place to work. work hard make history ", " Great compensation and opportunities for advancement.  Work life balance can be a challenge.  High stress environment that is manageable but not for everyone.  Management is open to ideas and change is easy to implement, minimal yellow tape to implement change. ", " A great place to work. No question. Amazon is the global leader of today's business and probably tomorrow's. A chance to peek behind the curtain was both welcome and inspiring. ", " learned a lot from amazon, was a fast paced and well organized work environment. lots of happy employees, their training is top quality. always had a event going on to boost moral. management was ok, for the most part. hardest part was learning all the codes and issues. most enjoyable was just working for the company. ", " Gives everyone a chance to get their foot in the door during peek season. The job has a nice atmosphere where everyone is friendly and hard working. Gives you the chance to grow relationships with the community and anyone living around the area. It was a nice way to stay in shape and out of trouble. Amazing job overall. ", " If you are transitioning from school to a career job, and are currently unemployed, this is a good temporary job. However, the pay is not the best, and opportunities for growth are few and far between in the department I work in. Good work environment, with high regard for work place safety. ", " here at amazon i worked in the winter while on break for college. I worked long hours through the night packing items for people all over the world. ", " Very hard work. Strict management but the employee to employee relationship is very good. very big on maintaining rate. ", " I worked there for 8 months, I started in the UK Retail department 11am-10pm then later I moved to NA retail which was night shift 10pm-9am great thing was free transport to and from work night shift, very casual working environment one can wear anything to work, there are showers too, free parking if you use your car. ", " I've had multiple problems with the human resource associates here, I've been terminated and reinstated twice for me being on a LOA for my military duties, but in their minds and computers I've never been on a LOA since I started working her back in January. My management loves to pick favorites and there is no room for advancement due to it. Not the one to complain but it's a little ridiculous if you ask me. I have not received my promised raise of $.25 an hour on my six month anniversary and I've been here eight months. This job is just about money in everybody else's pockets but the ones who bust their backs like modern day slaves. Anybody in this building would agree 100%. ", " Amazon is certainly not for those faint of heart. You will be challenged on a day by day basis to do more and do it better. Internal promotion opportunities are limited. ", " I am assigned to a line and a zone; I pick my numbers and scan each box to the correct pallet. I learned how to build and wrap pallets. The managers make little to no direct communication and the co-worker some come to work as a team while others come to lollygag. The hardest part of my job is when there is not enough people on the line and the boxes are piling up. I enjoy doing my job when the line is moving at a moderate pace. ", " High energy required, I stayed motivated. Good to know that I was making a living doing well at the company. I wish that I could have stayed longer but my means transportation was unreliable. Otherwise I probably would still be there. ", " The work is easy in all departments, the longer you're there the more responsibility you may inherit, easy to move up, the standards change too much as consistent as about 3 times a month "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I loved working at amazon it was a great place it helped me get certified in warehouse work but i didn't care for the management ", " Basically everyone is easily replaceable. They don't like to give you time off.... It's a good place to work for if you are desperate, need job security, or want to transfer to another state while having a job. ", " I have been here a year and let me tell you, it is nothing as advertised.  Everyone in my chain of managers is past military with no ecomm or fulfillment experience.  Their main goal is to advance and make you look bad so they can move on.  My Ops manager has a west point degree and about 4 years of work experience.  He talks a huge game but is only out for himself.  It is a brutal work environment with nothing good to say to you no matter what kind of job you are doing.  13 hour days is typical, during peak look for 75-80 hour weeks with plenty of ridicule for what a bad job you are doing.    If you like working on Thanksgiving or Christmas eve or Easter then this is the place for you.  Their stock plan is the only thing going for them because their compensation pkg is poor.  Of course you have to survive 3-4 years to get the stock.  They will try their best to make that not happen.  They bring in young college graduates and then ruin them by running them and everyone else into the ground.  My facility is experiencing huge turnover because the labor market is tight.  Of course Sr Management blames the area managers for people quitting.  They just dont get it. But then again they would have to come out on the floor to understand anything and they wont do that.    Do your self a favor and pass this company by. ", " This position was great as a part time job on campus.  Although it did demand a lot of time and engagement, I learned a lot from the company and felt like it helped develop and refine my public speaking and networking skills. ", " The job is really mundane but you do feel supported by management and the coaching staff. My co-workers do make the job more fun and you don't feel like a number like you do in other jobs. There is no real chance for job progression and there is a real feel in the office that my colleagues have become stale and uninspired in their work and I don't ever want to feel like that in my work. ", " Can be a tough place to work. You will do a lot of walking. Between 8-20 miles in a 10 hour shift depending on the department you are in. The benefits and time off are pretty good but you will find that you don't always work with motivated people and you have to look out for your own best interest as sometimes people work harder at making you look bad than doing their own job. ", " This was my first job with benefits; it had amazing pay as well. I enjoyed the vast amount of independence concerning my choices and how I was working. Unfortunately I was told that until next year, and without a college class schedule with them to work with, I needed to work full time. I could do it, but I believe this contributed to my injury, which is ultimately how I came to be unemployed.  Still, I would recommend this job to any of my friends (and I have) as I did not meet any unfriendly co-workers, I was always able to find help if I needed it, my job was clear and easy once you got the hang of it, and - as I mentioned - the benefits. ", "  Develop and monitor Trailer pool requirements and coordinate requirements with carriers  Consolidate data from multiple data sources and generate weekly metrics and daily reports to support business needs  Coordinate carrier pickup and delivery issues  Helping support daily management of department duties, including allocating labor, leading meetings, assigning job duties, and communicating with internal and external suppliers  Quickly promoted from level 1 to 4 in less than 1 year (Logistics Administrator, Process Assistant, Logistics Specialist) ", " working at amazon is tough, started in November 2014 and was paid off in july and worked in 3 departments, worked through an agency, there is so much pressure to do things write and hit tagets and no get any errors also a point system where if  your a minute late you bet appoint, sent home sick you get a point, they have no care about health issues which I know myself personally as I had a panic attack in a department and was put on a heart monitor and was not moved departments and hurt my shoulder because of heavy lifting and now im on medication because of this, they have no consideration and it stresses you out. ", " amazon is really a good job to work for the reason the company offer great benifits.since i have been working there a few weeks of opening i woulda hoped i woulda got a promotion already.every manager i worked with say im always one of their top preformers.i dont mind hard work but i would like job growth ", " Basically all you would do is scan, pile, and wrap boxes. You have a certain quota to meet when you are scanning boxes. You have to do 165 boxes per hour. It is an easy job but very demanding. Management is okay. You would hardly ever talk to them unless it is something important or morning briefing. Some are nice and some don't care that you are there. Co-workers are great you would meet a lot of people and make a lot of friends as well. The hardest part of the job is trying to make scan meets everyday. You get all types of different boxes and you have to get 3 at a time and scan them to pallets. If you don't meet them you will be talked to about what is going on. You might even be let go if you can't keep up or move to slowly. One thing I hate is you don't always know when you are going home. Depending on daily demands for how many boxes need to be sent out and ready, tells you when you go home that day. For example, if there needs to be 97,000 sent out that day they will split it between both shifts. Then depending how fast everyone scans tells if you are going home on time. If you work a 9am to 1pm shift and they thing that the boxes won't get sent out in time then they will add an extra hour. You will then have to leave at 2pm if you can't stay till 2 and leave at 1pm you will get points. You have to make 6 points to get terminated. ", " I would say working at amazon was pretty cool considering the great benefits you receive while working there. The only downfall I have to say is dealing with certain managers and there lack of knowledge and personal interacting skills. I feel I should not be intimidated while at work by my upper management as well as some of my colleagues. Maybe the hiring process should be improved. Other than that my over all rating would be Average and could use improvement. ", " Amazon is a good place to work even though it is very strenuous on your body. Will teach you self dedication and hard work. Up to you to continue on a daily basis. ", " Productive work place. Straight to business. Coworkers made it enjoyable. Managers would play music trying to make is easy. Making rate was somewhat complicated, however making friends was memorable. ", " The days are long and there is no variety in the work. It's all about how fast you can work, they do not take any variables into consideration. ", " Management wasn't that bad, although they were unfair at times. There was also some favoritism, certain employees didn't have to work as hard. I learned about the functions of a warehouse. Sometimes it was difficult to make rate and I enjoyed some of the people I worked with. ", " Most days I get in early so I can get my routes done and be ready for the team meeting. On a typical day last week, we had a late change from the client to deal with. I got my shift manager to do a quick technical feasibility analysis whilst I went to see the Account Manager. She explained how important it was, so I reviewed the plan and found a way to get the change in without harming the critical path. The team weren't too happy to have to squeeze in another change, but when I explained how helpful it would be to the customer they got down to updating the specification and use cases. I bought in pizzas to keep them all happy and to let us steal a bit of space at lunchtime, We'd got it done by three and,got everything else back on track by the end of the day. ", " This is a good place to gain quick money over holidays summer time or christmast time. but you have no time for your self as in peak Times you work 5 days for 11 hours ", " I found that co-workers were for the most part cooperative and patient with each other. The managers were willing to work with you or help you in improving at your job and were very patient. It was at times a struggle to make rate while on equipment due to being over staffed. Errors made in receiving and pallets restocked backwards made accurate inventory counts difficult. Very safety focused. ", " typical day would consider either picking orders on the floor, or upon PIT equipment. I have learned many job functions while being at amazon, such as seasonal ambassador, part time problem solve, inbound/outbound pick and pack etc. I get along with most of the co-workers that i work with, never had any major issues. I would say the hardest part of my job is trying to keep up with rates. the most enjoyable part of my job is getting the satisfaction of having a job that i can support my family and be able to come home at the end of the day. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a fast paced exciting place to work! Everyone around you is working on projects that are indeed going to change the world and consumer trends. You feel that you are part of something big. ", " I love working at Amazon. It a place that I really say I enjoy coming to. It's very different from other warehouse jobs I've worked for. I come in happy and leave like you really  accomplish something. ", " it was not the best place I have worked at. They didn't appreciate the hard work you did for them and the pay wasn't correct for the hours you did ", " Has a hectic schedule, but you get to learn a lot too. Open work culture. Work hard, play hard concept Not sure about management as much  ping pong table and other fun activities in the office. ", " Amazon has a very healthy and happy culture. They live to their \"work hard, have fun, make history\" slogan. Working at amazon has taught me a great deal in perseverance, coping under a great deal of stress. It has taught me flexibility. It has also taught me to live life and to have fun while being productive.  The hardest part of the job for me would have been working 11 hour shifts overnight for 4 days in a row. It had taken it's toll on me. The vibe at work and the togetherness and family-like culture, however, made it enjoyable to be at work. ", " Just walking from the parking lot was a workout itself. Hard to find a park and line was down the street in the morning causing me to be late even when I'd been in line for almost 30 minutes. Frustrating, draining, and very exhausting. Co-workers were nice and management didn't do much. The hardest part of the job was trying to get a high rate when u had to stock HUGE boxes on shelves with no room for them. Most enjoyable part is going home!!! ", " No two days are the same, a very organised place to work and the management seemed approachable. Some co workers seemed to be good team players, others expected help when they needed it, but were reluctant to reciprocate. ", " we walk around and pick items for the drivers to deliver to the customers. IT's a great atmosphere to be in with great people. ", " So currently we had a high turnover rate and then I get an email stating that they want to extend my seasonal position for additional months. I do not think it is worth it to drugged through the mud with their customers only to see that they want to keep you in the position you are in. The pay is higher than other work from home companies but in my opinion, I'd rather go back to my other job making more money. ", " An typical day is being assigned to an lane. At this lane, you have to scan two boxes at a time to its assigned pallet. You will continue to it is no boxes yet. Most of the time the boxes are constantly non stop so you have to keep up with it. You usually work with about 10-20  people on your lane.Your managers always aware you of what to do and let you known your scan rate which is important. They will also move you to another lane if they need help as well. You have to scan a certain amount of hour. It is an easy job with good pay. You just have to have patience, be able to stay on your feet and energy to lift and scan. The management staff is cool to work with as well as the co-workers. ", " They burned us out and killed us during peak. After peak we still have no room. Stressful. They were slave drivers and didn't care that we were tired. I wouldn't sugesst to anyone to work at. ", " its was very fast your on the clock there is no room for error take your time but do it fast and correct and show up on time to work. ", " The facility I worked at was over 1 million square feet big and you will learn every foot of it fast as you walk/ride about all day. The people are generally nice but their are constantly new faces as temps are brought on then released during holiday seasons. LOTS of walking and/or standing depending on your task on a given day and must be able to lift, bend, stretch, and stack with many different shapes and size products. If you like what I'd consider manual labor then it's a sweet job that I'm sure offers opportunity for advancement (i was only there for about six months) then you'll enjoy working for Amazon.com ", " A normal day as a packer, starts with \"stand up.\" This is where everyone gets updates and at the end of the updates, we stretch. Before heading to our assigned stations. Once at our stations, we perform a readiness check to make sure we have every thing we need to do out job efficiently. Quick start is a must for all packers. To stay on rate you must get pack everything in your cage or cart in a fast pace. Each product must be scanned, place in a box, scan the spoo (barcode for that package), place it on the box and send it to the taper.   I learned to do problem solving, kick outs, and troubleshooting missing items. I learned how to build boxes in the B.O.D. department.   The management sways with the way the day is going. There are some great managers and PAs that genuinely have the employees interest as well as the company at heart. There are some managers that don't care anything about the employees, only to get the work done. Nothing else matters to those few managers.  My co-workers were some of the greatest co-workers, I have ever had the pleasure of working with. Some have a bad language problem that i had to see pass in order to see the good person that lies beyond the language.   The hardest part of the job was listening to some of the employees referring to the job as a slave driven job. I would tell them, \"You made a choice to work for Amazon. No one is forcing you to be here.\"  The most enjoyable part of the job is making new friends and reacquainting myself with friends and classmates I have not seen in years. ", " Typical day would be to do your job by either palatalizing items or scanning items to be sent out. I learned to work harder than others to get the job done. Management was amazing if I had a question they were there to answer it. Co-workers I never really talked to. I was there to do my job not sit there and talk. There wasn't really a hardest part in my job. Most enjoyable was that I could always walk into the job and see every ones smile. ", " I would not recommend this company to anyone. It's all work no play there is constant turnover and management does not care about employee needs ", " marketing, on a typical day i sell/buy talk to drivers to make their routes for the day, import from turkey and germany products for double glazed windows, very good co-workers, much to learn from everybody and a great place to evolve professionally. ", " Long and slow repetitive days. four ten hour shifts with lots of overtime, but days drag on. Did not feel very appreciated because it is such a huge company. ", " While working from home would seem like  a dream, I felt the isolation of the situation was to much. Amazon did very little in the way of trying to create a culture to give the employee stability.Most mornings there were no managers available. It was difficult to get anyone on the line if you were having computer issues.If you had to wait for IT , you were to clock out and that time was logged against you, even though you were to stay at you computer on hold with Amazon till a technical rep was available. I enjoyed the job , but the isolation and policies such as the one I mentioned took away from the position. ", " This job is very fast pace , working alone to meet goals and deadlines. With a little help from fellow employees you can barely get through the night or day. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Everything they preach to you in orientation is a lie i don't suggest this place.its very unprofessional, the warehouse is disgusting, and the people act like high schoolers every one sleeps with everyone and theres always drama ", " a very good place to work. its very diverse and always hiring new people. the associates a very easy to get along with and they pay pretty well too. great opportunities for growth in the company. ", " Hard and Fast pace work! Good Benefits, Great place to work hard, fast pace, energetic leadership! Thanks for your consideration.  It was a good experience ", " Its a good paying job but i would like to further my career and have more job security. A typical day at work is my going from station to station processing orders, its more of a hands on job but i would like to utilize my degree and use my mind a bit more. ", " Typical day at amazon is a day full of high speed demand, coupled with fast paced learning and high expectation that can be rewarding for those individuals willing to commit themselves to their and their companies success.  The hardest part of the job is keeping up with the highest standards in one of the most fast paced companies in the world.  The most enjoyable part of the job is that in an environment that moves so quickly, so does advancement and opportunities as well. ", " Very bad place to work. Alot of favoritism and bad things going on there with harrassment but if you turn it in you will be the one fired. ", " basically same as the other one. full time hard labor work as a team shipping products in and out the building. warehouse type environment. provide e.xcellent service for our consumers. ", " Working at Amazon is a good experience and it's very fast pace. If you're a person who isn't into working in a environment that has constantly changing situations than that's not the place for you. ", " This group is fun, creative, and present in all of the work that they do. You create your own destiny within this group as well as Amazon as a whole - and I have experienced the encouragement and been provided skills from management to help me get to wherever I want to go. ", " Amazon is a fun place to work. Every one is very nice and supportive from crew to management makes it real easy for one another for growth. ", " I feel like every day is the same here at Amazon. I come in every day review my truck pulls for the day. You have co workers mad about having to work or getting sent out of department. I have a supportive manager but most are just worried about numbers. ", " Great standards, big on safety and great benefits. A great place to work and grow, it's the kind of company that you would to retire with. ", " start day at 6:30a with warm up exercises and manager meeting. Then head to job for the day whether it be book block cutting, inspection or binding. or sent to other departments to receive, pick, pack, stow or gift wrap. End the day at 5:00p   Ten hour day/4 day work week. Except during mandatory overtime. Then could work 50 or 60 hours per week. ", " Fun place to work if you are outbound, sadly you are just a number and even excellent performance does not guarantee you'll get hired full-time, candidates are chosen randomly through the computer ", " This places allows you to obtain experience in a warehouse setting and provides a well climate controlled facility with great benefits. :) ", " Everyone is willing to help one another. It is fast paced but the work is very easy. The best part of working at the Davenport sort center is   the teamwork. ", " They need to have high expectations that is true but not at the risk of a associate failing the first or second week, maybe they should see if they would be more successful for the company and themselves to be put in a department that is best for both parties if no spot is available then what's their 2nd strong point and so on . ", " positive place to work, if you want to have fun and be around positive lively people, its for you. If you have a life outside of work, this might not be for you. ", " My day consists of solving typical problems associated with the outbound pick department and overall plant problems associate with getting product out the door to customers. The hardest part of my job is meeting the critical pull times, and I enjoy every part of my job ", " The Amazon warehouses never close. You'll find some easy cash, some overtime, and some weight loss- if you don't mind the work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I loved working for Amazon Fulfillment, to be clear I worked in the factory not the call center. But the culture at their warehouse is amazing! Tattoos, plugs and blue hair are welcome, they really don't discriminate. They appreciate the differences everyone brings to the table, as long as it fits in safety guidelines lol. Long hair up, no baggy clothes, no sandals etc.  I worked for CHA 1, and some of the managers and people i reported to were just two or three years older than me, and i'm only 21. I was a picker so i walked about 10-20 miles a night, it definitely was the hardest part of my job but also the best part. Working at a job that physically demanding is great, the night goes by so fast. You work work work all night and then go home and eat whatever you want and it doesn't matter because those calories will be burnt off by first break anyways lol.  It's also a great teacher of endurance, because you do have the ability to leave in the middle of your shift and receive points for it but none the less you could still leave. Of course  you had a limit but that's expected. You're definitely going to learn endurance during those 12 hour shifts for peak season. It's so worth it though, the culture is laid back and fun, and they pay really well. ", " Extremely fun place to work. Challenging work load but this has to be expected at a company with such a reputation and force. Fantastic management support and on site training, great opportunities to grow. ", " your oon your own you cant even find a supervisor or manager when you need one and if you do ask there vere mean and rude also the employees hired thru amazon are extremely rude dont help with anything you get blister from so much walking even with the best shoes its too much and timed by seconds. ", " Good work environment to be in. Management very helpful and wanting you to learn how to do multiple jobs within the facilities. Always willing to help. Clean work environment ", " A typical day at Amazon Warehouse was very strict. Honestly I did not learn anything. Management was serious. When I worked at Amazon I did not come to me friends I was going to make my money and thats what i enjoyed most was receiving my paycheck. ", " It was fun, and great team performance,the largest team in the company with 40 members.learning new things every day,making sure customers information are secure. ", " Nice people fun managers never was bored they where always talking about safety better the item get damged then yourself. had very little time to go home with and spend time with my family always felt too tired ", " The hardest was pick time. Work starting from briefing. 3 breaks; 2x 15min, 1x 30min. I met a lot of positive and helpful people. ", " Amazon is a nice place to work! There are friendly people there who are willing to teach you the ropes.  The managers and ambassadors look out for you and try to help you in anyway that they can. ", " Amazon was a fairly decent employer. I openend a new center in Moreno Valley, California. Everyone had their specific jobs to do. Everyone also was trying to get moved to an indirect role. I was a VRC operator for STOW. Work hard and be heard. That's the way to advance. ", " Working hard for customer, but mostly for rate concern pre GM and department managers. To cross train. Management has a lot of favoritism toward associate who they like not by the hard work done. Some associates are somewhat friendly but not until they want a promotion or upgrade tasks. Making rate within getting write ups. Having a job. ", " Great work environment, Violated safety once and got let go instead of warning. Team lead/ problem solver. Unloaded trucks with my team that were mainly team lift or mech lift items, also solved any wrong shipments that came up on my screen on my laptop. ", " EVERYDAY WE WOULD START STANDUPS(GROUP) WITH STRETCHES AND A SAFETY TIP.WE WERE GIVEN A PLAN TO SHIPOUT (VOLUME) FOR THE DAY.AS SHIPCLERKS,IT WAS OUR RESPONSILITY TO ENSURE THE PROPER STAFFING FOR A FAST START.MOST CO-WORKERS WOULD RISE TO THERE EXPECTATIONS AS LONG THEY FELT INCLUDED AS A TEAM MEMBER.I WOULD SAY THE HARDEST PART OF THE JOB WAS NOT TO OVER STAFF OR UNDER STAFF THE DOCK,AND LONG SHIFTS(7:AM-7PM I WOULD HAVE TO SAY THE MOST ENJOYABLE PART OF MY JOB WAS HAVING A GOOD CREW TO WORK WITH  AND VOLUTARY OVERTIME. ", " Packing Loads of Items Tidying working station  Stowing and putting items away on the shelf for the picker to pick them. Tidying Some areas if need be. ", " i would not recommend anyone to amazon fulfillment.  it is a very disorganized organization starting at management level.  poor equipment that malfunction and very hot conditions. ", " the job title, \"picker\" is a very easy, straight forward job. You walk around pushing a cart with a tot on it. You also read a scanner you carry with you through out the mods. When your tot is full you put it on the convector belt and grab a new tot and start over. you walk miles throughout the day. ", " Amazon is a very unique place to work.  You must be prepared to adapt to a new cultural norm where the customer is #1. Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History is an accurate motto. ", " This was a good company to work for, i worked there for 3 years and had lots of fun and got lots of free stuff, of course the benefits were great too.. however they have very high standards, sometimes too high.. it is almost impossible to work at amazon and you almost have to be super human.. but it is rewarding in the end, the job is not for everyone, if you cannot or wont allow yourself to be pushed beyond your limits this job is not for you. ", " I enjoy working at Amazon because of the people and environment are great! I can relate with so many of my coworkers and management. ", " the hardest part of the job is the fact that have to leave work late this sometimes provides some difficulties as i have to drive late. i like working in this company because i have made some great friends which i would've not met if i wasn't working here. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Pretty much handle clearing, partial, canceling, damaging out customer order. Sorting through batches for current customer orders due out by a certain time frame. Manually packing out orders that cannot be send through the machine to be boxed. Management can be reached for extra labor, machine issue awareness when facilities is need. My co-workers are easy to get along with and we all work as a team/ mini-family. ", " The compny is a great comany to work for the work is just physically exhausting.I is alot of mangers you neve truly know who to listen to. ", " A typical Day is stressful you don't learn a lot but the coworkers are what make its bearable hardest part is dealing with unorganized management and leadership dealing with hardly any communication lots of safety hazards and bad HR seeing hard works get fired over small things ", " My typical day was when I got to Amazon was packing items either small, medium or large items by single, multi or hybrid stations and they were for customers or to eventually go to shops. I learned what its like to work as a packager as ive never done it before and a few other things aswel. Dont know about management as I was working under Am2Pm recruiment agency. My co-workers were ok didnt cause a problem left me to get on with my own work. Hardest part was when they vto me half the time i can go home cause theres no transport at the times they vto people so im stuck there and if theres no work the same again. ", " I would recommend Amazon as a good company to work for as a permanent associate, being a temporary associate you don't get any benefits the permanent staff get so it's not so great, there is also pay rises for the longer you work there.  I've never worked in a warehouse environment but it's one of the safer places to work as they pride themselves in making it the safest place to work.  The management and area leads are very friendly and always happy to discuss any queries.  I've not had much experience picking but from speaking to other people working there, they didn't recommend it but there are plenty of other opotunities for work there. ", " Best Job Experience Ever!! Working in Amazon is like being a student. Everyday, you get to learn something new. Being one of the BIG4 internet companies, Amazon is working on a huge number of Projects. Name any technology and Amazon is definitely working on it! People can easily find teams working on their favorite technologies and ask for an internal transfer. This is one of the few companies where internal transfer is highly encouraged. ", " A typical day at work is tiring from the 10 hour days to lifting boxes all day every day with minimal breaks.  My co-workers were wonderful as a place like amazon has people from all walks of life and a huge age range, so there was never a shortage of people around.  The majority of the management i know are very rude, do not explain your job well, and seem to be on a power trip, while i'm sure this is not true of all of them, that was for the most part my experience.  its nice that you come in and know what your doing every day there are only so many options on the other hand that gets very monotonous. ", " A very intense place to work and also very hard. It is a job for younger people to thrive at because of the fast pace. I was there only about 2 months but when peak season started it just about killed me because it was 5 days a week for 11 hour days. The best part was the meetings before we went back to work after each break. ", " enjoyed all the crosstraining, good chance to meet people with 6,000 other co-workers, but no time to socialize while working. work hard of course and the ten hour shifts fly by. air conditioned (great for it being the largest warehouse worldwide) opportunity to work 70 hours during peak ", " I really do love working at Amazon! I love the people that I work with! I am in school right now and I just need something with better hours. ", " If you're expecting a place to advance, I would look somewhere else.  Amazon works you to the bone, with no care for your limits. In some cases people are put in positions where the was no training. It seems like the difference between the temp and the hired on is impossibly large. And, in a way it is. But, with all of that said. Amazon is a good place to work. I did enjoy it, and that sentiment is shared by many. Amazon is either a place you like or don't. ", " I learned a lot there,It was a nice time ..leadership there is ok,was hard work but enjoyable.I think it is a great opportunity for start and make some money. ", " People has clear objectives, critical minds, professional spirits all over. They really live by their leadership principle, and I believe that's why the company keeps on growing and progressing. ", " As a supervisor I would walk over 7 miles a day. First weeks are very hard on your feet and knees. Management is good as far as jobs go, a few do play favorites though and hand down the unwanted work to others rather than rotate. Co-workers are always enjoyable and friendly people. The atmosphere is loud and very busy with conveyor belts and boxes going across the warehouse with constant buzzers and alarms. I enjoyed helping the stowers with their problems the most because it involved thinking and also allowed me to chat with co-workers. ", " Working at Amazon.com is great! Going to work, working in a fun working environment, and meeting great people. Amazon.com is very proficient in training. If anyone struggles at learning the job there are people there to help. The people you work with are extremely nice. Management is extremely helpful and knowledgeable. If there were anything hard about the job I would have to say it is keeping up with the rate required to do your job at. The rate is not impossible to keep up with though. The most enjoyable part is the opportunities available to you as a worker. ", " I was a great experience. I truly helped me to develop my people skills. And helped me better my communication skills as well. And a typical day at work was amazing there was never a dull moment. We all communicated well and had fun. My manager was absolutely amazing. I loved my co-workers, we all got along well. Hardest part of the job was sometimes dealing with the extremely rude customers. What I truly enjoyed most was serving the people. I really brought joy to my soul. ", " - Research and write effective mail is my typical day at work - Learned a lot of technical skills - My co-workers are great - Strict management - The hardest part of the job is to deal with escalated customer issues ", " If you work hard at amazon you will make it far in the company. The pay in Pennsylvania is good for starting out. Its easier to go through the temp agency and then get converted to a full time employee. As an amazon employee you get a raise every 6 months benefits the same day as hired 401k options and stocks. You can pretty much transfer with this company anywhere in the u.s. and outside. I tried the transfer to the Florida plant in Lakeland and it did not happen so i relocated to Florida anyway. But if your not in a hurry and have time to wait on a transfer its a good option. If you just work hard you can get converted and move up from there! Amazon pays there employees at a very decent rate, especially the salary employees. You can make a lot of money during peak lots of overtime! ", " its a decent job just too far out for the amount of pay. A typical day at work would be to clock in. Go to group meeting, then go get scan gun and start working. I learned how to work with others. Management is fairly decent, they don't stand over your shoulder. They only track you down when your off and your rate is down. Co-workers are friendly and love interact with others. The hardest part of the job is just doing it repetitively with minimum breaks. The most enjoyable part of the job is leaving. ", " Amazon is a great place to work. A typical day is clocking in, seeing where you will be on the start up board for the day, stretching, then getting to work. Co-workers are amazing. The hardest part of the job is trying to manage the night shift with life. I love the fact that it is a set time and day every week when I have to work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I learned to work in team and fast doing orders i get good skills of communication.I enjoy to-work. My most enjoyable part of the job was to sea my pick rate how high is and get good words from manager. ", " the work place and environment is amazing. Break times are to short but pay is great and most people are wonderful. work is hard but very rewarding and easy to advance in the ranks ", " we start our day with morniing streching excercise &amp; every department had there own excercise layout. Co-workers were  very outgoing &amp; spirted . I was learned that Breaking productivity records can be fun and rewarding. The hardest part of the job was when it came to quiting time to just stop in the middle of completing an order. the most enjoyable part working for this company was employee moral was always spirited supervisors included. ", " if  you choose to work at amazon you better get very good walking shoes i got cross trainers  its the best diet ever we walked any where from 5 to 10 miles a day  and i was in shipping  one of the least walked areas  i learned you rely on your work mates  management  has issues  my husband got a job in SC i asked for a transfer 9 wks later i still had no transfer  they will tell you one thing and turn around and do the total opposite ! the most enjoyable part of my job we worked hard but had a lot of fun ", " Typical day at amazon as a picker I would drive my order picker to different areas of the building and pick product that was in my scanner. I learned how to find where the product was .the management team was a great team to work with. some of the coworkers where great but you had those that would slack off and not do there part . there wasn't anything hard about the job .the most enjoyable part of the job was knowing that the job got done ", " a typical day at amazon was to stock shelves for customer orders, I have learned that you must stock with safety in mind because we had an awful lot of heavy items to stock, however, you should always lift with your legs and not with your back.  I had the best Manager, and the co-workers, old and new where very professional.  What I liked about the job is we got to see first hand what Amazon has to offer, and I wasn't just an Amazon employee, I am also a Customer. ", " Ive been with the company for over a year now at DFW7.When I first started this job it was great!Great people work was actually work! This place went down hill in such a rapid time. Worst HR staff I've come across they will do anything to avoid peoples questions or conserns. Two of them told me they didnt have time for peoples conerns.The previous GM Derrral was outstanding! There is way too much favortism to the point were managres move certain people out of a department. People are given schedules that were not asked for and they have to work the shift regardless if not your fierd.Managers do whatever they want! Only 5 People that I started with are left it is a disaster.So unorganized i get to work having to spend 30 min to finally figure out were i will be working that day.Worst company i have worked for. It is unfortunate to say. ", " I would generally pick items for customers but i would also at times be n the packing lines or in the shipping department. I learned how to use picking scanners and the learned to recognize the amount of orders was coming in and what was being shipped out. Management was good they pushed us to hit our targets and try and better our targets. My co-workers was a good bunch of people they was hardworking and we had a joke too. the hardest part of the job having to be searched on a regular basis by security because of the value of the good we was working with it sometimes slowed us down to miss our targets. the most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people because it was a very large place you always met someone new. ", " Paid less than promised, unrealistic quotas, long required hours, pain, stress, fear....  Take it if you were starving, but if not, look elsewhere. ", " A typical day at work is working hard and completing assignments.  My co-workers are dependable and trustworthy, hence, we work as a team and we make each other job easier.  My most enjoyable part of the day is the end of the day knowing that you have done a good job and have completed all assignments. ", " A typical day can be very hectic but the atmosphere is nice and upbeat. I liked changing positions every quarter of the day that kept us learning more and more about the company and how it works. One thing I did not like was that we had so many leaders, PAs and managers to go to each day, they were never on the same page so most times we have gotten mis lead on how to correct a mistake or complete a task. ", " Great place as a temporary job and excellent place for younger people of age starting out getting there feet wet in the job world. Good Benefits but management and the amount of hours are ridiculous for the amount of pay they offer. ", " Helping my customers with the things that they needed via the customer service representative and assisting my co-workers with the things that they needed in order to provide superb customer service skills. ", " Good place to work. Good benefits and great hours, The jobs arent that hard to do and as long as your on time and do the right thing you will succeed. ", " Very busy work environment. First priority as a team and individually is metrics driven and second priority is process improvements. Team and Leads are very supportive and thrive off of leadership principles . ", " THE WORST!!!!!!! People always injured, management very disrespectful, also, the pay for the slave work you have to accomplish day in and day out is horrible. ", " Not much bad to say about Amazon. I wish I had been kept as a full-time employee when my seasonal ended. Could have worked there the rest of my life, or moved into HR/Management and used that experience to find something else equally great.  The atmosphere and people were excellent. Management is very personable and helps when needed.  Games and Ping Pong in the break area. Free food once in awhile. Get to be part of a team and there's a strong bond formed. Very sad to leave. ", " I learned to work a faster pace in 30 minutes, I learned how to drive a forklift. The coworkers were ok to work with, they help time pass. ", " good member team torgther hard work.. i am deaf.. teacher america sign language some poeple like learned sign language easy communcation team  ..helper around dept different make me learn fast and good skills my hand .....well-developed working warehouse.Cooerative and fleible team player;equally effective working independently. Abilitiy to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple task.. ", " not bad time goes by fast kind if felt like high school very bug on safety and the days are very longmbfmj ygkl  [poui ogily lifguyk tgiul gilu uigluiy gilu iult iu;lkbnk. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " worest place I have ever worked bad management no communication no trust would not recommend anybody work at amazon ", " Pretty simple job. There is also a good amount of helpful coworkers. Its a pretty great place to work at despite some issues with the managers and HR. ", " I sort, stock, and count inventory. Train other associates in stow and receive process Problem solve for stow and receive process. Analyze and process vender and customer returns. ", " The actual job in the data center isn't a hard one but all the other largely pointless tasks they pile on you to fill up your time get old fast. Management boils down to get rid of anyone who even looks like they might rock the boat in anyway. Some good people work there and keep things going through hard work and perseverance. There is little in the way of real training and most comes from peers and OTJ training. The hardest part is dealing with management. ", " Typical warehouse environment, high stress, long hours, very physical.  Managerial structure changes often.  Great benefits ", " I got hired to Amazon through Integrity Staffing Solutions. A typical day at work for me was clock in, grab a cart and scan it, locate shelves to store the items, scan the items into the bin, break, repeat, lunch, repeat, clock out. I learned out how to use scanners and how to work in warehouse conditions. Amazon management and their employees were great, but the ISS was not. The hardest part of working at Amazon under ISS was the pressure they put on you. They expected you to be as fast and efficient in two weeks as those who worked their for years, and when you're not, you get 'let go'. The most enjoyable part of the job was the friends I was making. ", " This is a different building but most of the same stuff. Only thing I didnt like about MKE5 Is that its part time and you only got 3-5 hours a day n like 20 a week.... ", " It was a good job. However, there was a lot of favoritism. It seemed like they didn't really look at your resume or experience because people who just started at Amazon as their 1st job were moving up. At the end of the day, you had to be friends with the right people. however, their benefits are great! ", " -During The Day I Receive &amp; Stack Packages -Learned How To Be More social &amp; Work Well With Others -Management is very helpful -co-workers are very helpful &amp; Nice - Nothing about this job specifically is hard , but the only thing I could say I have troubles with is the everyday commute back and fourth. -Feeling independent, feels good to have something I need to be responsible for, My social skills are improving. ", " Yesterday I worked 17 hours - 7am until midnight - and got paid \u00a370 before tax and national insurance. I would have finished at 7pm if they had been organised and let me collect my parcels on time instead of waiting in a queue for nearly four hours! They are so disorganised it's unreal.   They also make you register as self employed so they don't have to pay you by the hour to save money. You'd think they'd saved enough with their tax-avoidance!  If you want to work yourself to the bone, have absolutely no life and be treat like something you'd wipe off your shoe, then work for Amazon! ", " Fun work place. fast pace, the most enjoyable part of the job was working with my colleagues, also managements would put teams together to make work more enjoyable. ", " I didnt mind working there, I felt they didnt use me to the best of my ability. Was best to be put in a more active role in the warehouse but was instead put in inventory where I didnt move more than 3 feet a night. ", " great place to work and learn a lot about shipping. long hours but makes up with great co workers and friendly management ", " I was promoted right away to become a trainer for new employees.  Always recognized for my hard work and dedication.  Offered overtime shifts which were picked up weekly.  The management was great and very helpful.  The only reason I am not currently employed with Amazon is due to a back injury which left me unable to lift anything over 10 pounds in weight. ", " good working environment good pay good benefits always overtime co workers easy to get along with  work was easy   start at 7:30 finish at 6:00 pm  pack various items into boxes, perform inventory, general cleaning duties, restock workstations at end of shift  hardest part of job dealing with line malfunctions lines would go down periodically most enjoyable part of job good pay good benefits overtime ", " Being in packing at amazon is the best job ever because your one step closer to getting customers their products. a typical day in packing at amazon is just getting a tote and scanning the products to place in boxes, envelops , or wrapping, once that's done it is sent down the line to be placed on the correct truck to be shipped out. ", " It was only seasonal employment but I had a fun experience. There are 3 different shifts to choose from donut, front and back half. It is a warehouse job so you are expected to lift, bend, twist and have proper body mechanics. Before starting work everyone needs to stretch, afterwards there is a board where your picture/name is to check where you are assigned. The hardest part of the job was the long hours of standing and walking. The most enjoyable part of the job was lunch and break time because its the only time you get to relax and sit down. But the job does give you a good work out so think of it as way to exercise. ", " Good management a lot of walking everyone is easy too talk to fun activities to do on your break you can wear Own Clothing. ", " it was good and i love doing physical work and you get your bad days but you just have to carry on..the people in the work place are very lovely and they work as a team too..and you dont get any problems there. ", " I was told that I had cancer and they felled to work with me and the let me go. The day was overall great, and some of the people that I dealt with were amazing. The HR portion or part of the company is what needs help. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Great and fun Company. Tons of benefits and bonuses for employees. company events and give aways. flexable hours and tons of paid time off and vacation available. ", " one thing you got is job security their always work.  working in this company can sometimes be stressful due to all the people they have , but is not that bad at all. ", " Typical 10 hour shift with 2 breaks and 1 lunch. Making the daily quota in order to proceed working there. Never willing to work with schedule, shift you're hired with is the shift that you keep.(5:00pm-3:30am fri-tues) ", " Typical day would begin with a safety and information briefing, followed by stretching. Then perform task according to the section assigned inbound or outbound. I learned Amazons system overall for fulfilling customers online orders. Excellent management always motived to complete work as needed. The co-worker environment was always friendly. The hardest part of the job is the physical demands placed on workers. The most enjoyable part of the job is working with the people there. ", " The hardest part of the job was looking over the product for any damages. Decent amount of red tape and politics there. Medical Staff was outstanding. Getting a lot experience in the various department was great. ", " Management is terrible. Hours are terrible. Overall the way they treat their employees as just number. I would not recommend employment to anyone looking there. ", " Has a hectic schedule, but you get to learn a lot too. Open work culture. Work hard, play hard concept Not sure about management as much  ping pong table and other fun activities in the office. ", " Amazon was my first job. It was a good experience but there was a lot of politics in my team. Get used to people leaving all the time. ", " a good job but to many deliveries a day. very far from my house, so I would like a new adventure. good pay rates and a nice team ", " standards was low. expectation even lower, they did not want excellence form employees they wanted robots. they system they used was great the people that used the system not so great. ", " I really enjoyed my time at Amazon. I remotely worked on a project here so wasn't part of the day to day office culture, but had excellent support from coworkers and management, ", " The work is tedious. Supervisors and team leaders are bossy. More of slave camp. The pay was good though, with other attractive benefits for staff. Good break rooms. ", " Work day lasts 10 to 12 hours. Learned better organization skill management is chaotic at best. Friends are made easily. Little to no representation as a worker. Being paid a decent wage. ", " Overall Amazon was a good job. Picking at Amazon during the peak season is by far the hardest job in the warehouse. I say this because walking at least 13 miles a shift is a requirement. ", " Fun place to work. Great atmosphere. you get a lot of work experience. If you are not prepared to work hard and long hours then this place is not for you. ", " decent job, wage is decent. But... the agency lies to you day 1, they say you're only required to work overtime only 1 week, once you've done your first week with overtime, they keep giving you overtime until you get paid off, and if your using the bus the agency put on, the extra 20 hours overtime you do one week it hardly adds up cause it all nearly gets taken off for the bus, so overtime isn't worth it. But for a bit extra money over the holiday time it's decent, just try opt out of overtime if you take the bus the agency puts on. ", " I worked 3rd shift at Amazon which was originally called Create Space when I first began as a temp in 2011 through a staffing agent. I worked from 6:30pm to 5am. Starting out as a production associate I was trained on the floor and began in shipping &amp; packing. Before being hired on permanent in 2012, I made it a priority to learn every position on the floor to become and ambassador who' s duties were to train all new associates in whatever area of the floor they were placed. In 2013 Amazon management and HR offered the opportunity for the Process Assistant Position which was like assistant manager to the Area Managers and I interviewed and was given the position. I continued to 2014 and in between time was in a very bad car accident, went out of work for a few months, attempted to return but could no longer perform job duties and had a difficult time with transportation to and from work. I decided to resign and make sure my body was fully healthy before returning to the job scene. The hardest part of the job was after getting a promotion I had built friendships with a lot of my co-workers and being placed in a management position a lot of them didn't fully cooperate but being in a leadership role I was able to keep work and friendships separated. The best part of the job was the growth and learning experiences I had and also the pay and benefits. ", " the money is good, the job gets boring at times the work is not hard, good people to work with, love the safety program, overall pretty good job getting to know new people hate seeing people come an go. they have a pretty strict program ", " Great and exhilarating place to work good co-workers great challenges and rewards for your hard work. I love it hear glad I'm blessed to be apart of this phenomenal place. ", " I liked Amazon it was a nice easy environment. I learned a lot of things there and got a lot of experience on forklifts. It was a good place to work and the people their were nice. It wasn't in the city I wanted to work and live in. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Pretty laid back...I love to assist customers regardless of there reason for call. I learned how to remain calm to calm the customer down. I also had a awesome crew of co workers. No hard days The most enjoyable part of my day was to make sure I made each and every customers happy at the end of the call! ", " 12 hour workdays standing all day was not enjoyable. i Learned how to use heavy equipment jacks karts etc. best part of the job was the people would like to have small talk to make the job a little bit more easier. worst part was if we had a strict floor manager they would warn you to not talk. ", " this is a great job to get your feet off the ground however . you get paid to be there . not for your attitude or productivity. if you work harder than the rest, don\u2019t expect more from the company. everyone gets the same pay ", " Fast pace workplace, lots of work to do and working along side great people.  Working 4 days, 10 hours shift and having 3 days off to take care of family and business are great. ", " I was hired on through SMX, a temp agency. Overall, I loved the job. The only thing is I wasn't able to make rate in stow. I have even had managers, who followed me around and watched as I did my job, tell me I did nothing wrong. It's problems that are out of my control that cause me to not make rate. I got fired. 2 days after I started the conversion process. If you get hired on for stowing, be careful and make sure you make rate. I'd say telling your managers all the issues you come across would help, but obviously not. I wss told that I did extremely well in every other department they had me work in. But obviously that doesn't matter. ", " Atypical day at work would be arriving on time to start your day  The managers were kinda cool  Co-workers were good people everyone stayed to themselves ", " I am not happy with this job, because of the very low salary. Also workng from home gets lonely. A typical day involves typing, data entry, proofreading, performing internet searches and taking surveys for corporations. ", " that was such a nice place too work. that was a temporary work during the christmas period. i do really miss that place. that was a good experience to work there ", " By far the worst place I have worked in my life. Even at Nissan, an incredibly demanding job, I could take bathroom breaks without harassment and get full breaks. They don't want you to log off until break no matter if you are a 5 min walk to put up scanner then an additional 2 to get past security only to sit down for 5mins because you must be back at your last scanned location before break is over. Try staffmark or randstad. ", " Amazon is great with benefits and allowed time off, management is horrible constantly switching hiring managers alot u find that play favorites it's so bad in the \"Mezz\" my area even the white badges are leaving I used to do alot of other task or functions under old manager , 3 new mangers in 6 months time and I'm stuck dormant no growth within the company, they consistently have me packing only ,people are so disgruntled when people come in at the start of the shift there saying the don't want to be there not cause there tired because of management &amp; that's bad. People feel like there getting cheated out of opportunities due to management having there favorites. Tons of people plan on leaving as soon as the other warehouse opens on California St. Due to the fact most people are single parents and 12hr isnt going to provide for a family adequately not in southern California. They need to raise there wages people stress bout bills food thing of daily life necessities and they can't make it on the giving wages you'd hve happier employees. PA's will keep gift cards and not hand them out like there supposed to... I virtually live there and off overtime just to maintain a roof over my head and food on the table with 2 preteen kids without any government help. Wouldn't recommend working here unless college student or here for extra holiday money. ", " My day started at 9am-6pm. There was always a new task to fulfill. At a constant moving environment, there was always new jobs to learn.   Amazon is full of a wide range of backgrounds, so  there were so many people from different environments to get to know.  Each and everyday brought on new challenges, we were tested by our speed and consistency. In a way it was like a game, prizes were sometimes given as a bonus for all of our hard work. It is a positive place to work at, unlimited possibilities. ", " NICE PLACE TO WORK WORKING WITH AMAZON WAS ENJOYABLE LEARN A LOT FROM MY COWORKER THE HARDEST PART ABOUT THE JOB WAS KEEPING MY RATES UP ", " From start to finish, every day at Amazon was almost exactly the same. This is common for warehouse/factory work, but I felt like the employees at Amazon are under-appreciated for the dedication and degree of work that we were forced to put in. I felt like they turned employees into drones, so to speak. The management was very available if there was an issue, but they were not very understanding as far as non work-related issues went. For the most part, the coworkers were very arrogant if they had been there for a while and often looked down upon new hires, instead of raising them up and helping them learn and adapt to the job. The hardest part of the job was keeping up with the rates of production that we were expected to accomplish, however, Amazon offered great benefits and opportunities, if you put in the time to achieve them. ", " Benefits and compensation are good. Other employees range from good to bad but typically everyone gets along. Work is not hard but you dont get rotated so after 10 hours of doing the same thing it gets boring and dreadful (so then people start to fake injuries to get out of the job function). Management in the Fulfillment Center sucks so bad!  they dont care about the associates only to make you think they care so you can shut up and work hard for them. Management talks bad about the associates behind their backs and if they dont like you they will put you in a horrible job function and not let you leave that area. Management plays favorites. they track your every movement. you have to tell them you need to go to the bathroom. if you dont they pull up time reports and say you were stealing company time by going to the bathroom. in some cases they pull video camera footage to track your movements to make sure you are going where you say you are going. I have seen a manager yell at a employee for making a mistake and the same manager told another employee they would punch them in the face, but yet this manager is still working at amazon and the employees got written up/fired. Basically working in a amazon fulfillment center is modern day slavery, so please stay away! ", " i would clock in an we would have to look on the board to see what we were doing that day usually I would be packing most of the time but some times I work sort I loved to do both so it didn't matter where they would put me after we found out what we was going to do we would do a ten minute work out stretch our bodys out before we start we would go to our station an when the bell wrong we started working our co-workers or managers that was in our section would walk around and see if there was any problems or needed help with any thing.the hardest part of the job was trying to keep my rate up all day till it was time to go but I was able to do it 95% of the time I loved being able to work in a fast environment and still get my job done with out hurting my self or any one else..an the most enjoyable part was seeing my name on the board every couple of hours cuz my rate was always high ", " I think that they pay good but should make it more comfortable for you since they make you work like a slave. I liked the hours though. ", " nice work ,clean warehouse,nice team ,all staff are great,the shifts  are perfect, u can chouse to work night or day shift, u have bus to come to work and to go home. ", " The company offers a lot of incentives to make work more fun. They have an on campus Doctor and gaming room. Co-workers are really friendly and leaders are always there to help you even with non-job related problems. ", " The hardest part of the job was the long hours but your co-workers will make up for that. One can make good money here and move up the ladder quickly. They give out daily rewards for fulfilling ones quota. ", " It was a pleasure to be associated with amazon, while working for Testing projects, loved every bit of it .Best wishes eveyone "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " As a person who looks at the metaphorical glass being half full, I have always focused on the positives in places that I work.   That having been said, I can find little to no positives at the Amazon Fulfillment Center (FC).  The leadership walks around with tunnel vision, staring straight ahead and avoiding eye contact even when you say hello.   The rules are constantly changing depending on which manager is in charge, though the company brags about standard work practices.   The low wage is comparable to a fast food restaurant, even though it can be tedious and back breaking labor.   The employees are promised two fifteen minute breaks, yet it takes five minutes to travel to and from any break room- most people have learned to sit quietly at their stations rather than risking being written up for not making it back, and going one minute over their allotted break time. After repeated employees voicing complaints, the facility has responded by saying, \"We have always said you get two ten minute breaks during your shift, if you don't like it, there's the door.\"   The company explains that employees cannot bring phones into the facility because it is a safety hazard, yet contract employees who frequently work within the FC not only have phones, but are watching Youtube and checking Facebook while they are there.   The opportunity to advance is limited to Tier 2 and 3 unless you have a Bachelor's Degree or have been with the company for several years. Even so- the way the promotion system is set up, you must apply for a job, and then ALL correspondence about the status ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> of your job application is done through your manager. That means that if HR has scheduled an interview, you put your trust into your manager having your best interest and checking their Email in a timely manner to inform you of any updates. Your manager will have full control over your advancement within the company, and they are able to sabotage that advancement if they decided to.   Positive motivation does not exist with most managers. The only thing they seem to know is, \"Work harder and faster or I will write your up.\"   Another issue with the FC is the cleanliness within. Flies are constantly fluttering around the break room and facility, and fully mature roaches are seen regularly in the stairwells. Management will just tell you that this is normal for any large building that has food within, \"Just squish the ones you see.\"   Amazon advertises a climate controlled warehouse, yet walking inside is like walking into a humid tropical jungle. It can take your breath away. Verbal fighting over the less than adequate number of fans is a regular thing at the FC, as well as fighting over step stools that associates use as chairs at their stations. It is not uncommon for someone to steal a fan or stool while another associate is at their break or lunch.  Should you find yourself getting injured (torn back or leg muscle), a qualified employee is at the first aid room to patch you back up and send you back. Full disclosure- I do not know this first hand, but I have heard from several sources that the FC does not do paperwork at the time of the injury. Instead telling the associates, \"We will treat you in house for three weeks and if it doesn't get better, we will fill out the paperwork saying you were injured on site.\"   You will need to watch your time clock punches closely because HR is notorious for deducting an hour or two of UnPaid Time off (UPT) each month due to \"errors.\" When you lose two hours of UPT in a month, you lose a 4% bonus as well. I have personally had to correct HR twice in the last two months alone to get my UPT back. You can also forget about getting the productivity bonuses that are available as your productivity is dependent on everybody doing their job efficiently, and everything running smoothly. Your picking or stowing station can go down for fifteen to twenty minutes at a time depending on the competence level of those that are trying to restart it.  Lastly, the company does mass recruitment to fill the repeated voids in their workforce. Going to job fairs in the area usually means, \"Amazon is hiring, do you want to work at Amazon?\" Many of the people at the facility travel over an hour to and from work each day because Amazon has exhausted the supply of local residents. Most people work at the facility just for the benefits.  I have worked at places where people were sour about, and have done my best to find good things about them. The Amazon Fulfillment Center is the first place that I have worked where I can find little to no positives other than a pay check. ", " Working At Amazon Wasn't Bad the Pay and the Benefits were great but some of the managers and Ops Managers Changed the Job So Often that it was Hard to Keep Track of What We could Or couldn't do.  Not to Mention when they Did change things it was things that They Have Never Done. So I was I picker there and Our Ops Manager has never picked a Day In his Life, So Him changing things about the Job Didn't make Much Sense, It just messed up the Flow of the Work, for No reason. It seems to Be this way across Most Departments, at least at The one I worked for. ", " The hours are long and its super hot all the time. They preach about safety but so nothing about it. Management is rude on the rare chance you actually see them and the pay is terrible or how much work you do. Constantly on your feet with minimal and short breaks that always end up being cut even shorter by strict policies. By the time you get a chance to sit down your break is already over. ", " A typical day at work was great everyday i learned something new and everyone i worked with was a team player didn't have any issues while there the hardest part would be the weight of boxes and the most enjoyable part was there was always work to done and less time to be without a task to do. Always productive and up going ", " Amazon isn't a terrible place to work you just have to be prepared to do different jobs everyday. Everyday was a different experience for each person. The jobs were different depending on who you were working with some people trained you others didn't, that makes your job hard. ", " Working there I met interesting people, and learn something different over day. I was unorganized, and at times could be unprofessional. ", " Hardest part of the job was keeping my goal rates high. Other co workers would pick through the orders and leave me and others with less work to pack, leaving me with a lower rate then normal. ", " Very busy work environment. First priority as a team and individually is metrics driven and second priority is process improvements. Team and Leads are very supportive and thrive off of leadership principles . ", " Amazon is a fast-paced, exciting place to work. I highly recommend anyone to apply. Management was strong and colleagues were great. ", " I enjoyed working independently after our Morning Huddle, great atmosphere, great people, wish it was more structured ", " Productive, extremely busy place to work.  Met several very nice co-workers. Brought alot of need jobs to Murfreesboro, Tennessee. ", " This is actually my second week working at this warehouse. The job itself is very repetitive and demanding as far as \"to make rate\". You are constantly on your feet 10 hours straight throughout the day. You get two 15 minute breaks, but they are very short if you walk to your car and back to get something to eat so it's best just to stay where you are and get like a granola bar and water. The atmosphere is very stuffy and kind of hot but not to the point where you are sweating but yes as soon as you go outside you realize how comparable the weather is inside which is crazy. The managers are all on their own schedule and the organization is really bad. Most of the HR staff is never in their office. I met only two really nice HR managers but that was it. They constantly are laughing behind people's back cause they don't do anything there but tell people what to do and make jokes with others there.  Most of the people working there are really miserable and want to run you over with their carts cause they have to make rate, probably cause they feel like passing out too. The company seems over staffed as well.  You have to constantly work or else you will get written up. Also if you are a stower you have to stow the items properly or else you will be in trouble for only even one mess up. Sometimes you can get written up for it. You can also get written up for bad rate, or taking small bathroom breaks. If you are not scanning an item for up to ten fifteen minutes they will question you and write you up. But sometimes you will not be able to find a spot for a large item and it will ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> take a lot of time to find the spot and that is actually counted against you. You actually walk up to 20 miles a day! Especially if you are a picker. Your feet get so swollen, and nobody cares about you or your existence! Simply put. Make rate or your out!   You get 40 hours of PTO time every year. That is up to 4 days off.   Lunch is only 30 minutes by the way and you work until 5:30 if you take the day shift. Remember that! It's not what you think it is those last 30 minutes kill you actually!.   If you are looking for another job, please give it consideration because this company does not value their employers much as well as the way they are generally. I was originally suppose to work the mon,tues,thur,friday shift and they changed my schedule last minute to friday- monday shift. Very unprofessional! And guess what their response was? Oh I'm sorry that shift doesn't exist! ", " As a Customer Care Specialist, I answered questions regarding customers account, orders and company devices via incoming calls and chats. I've learned to diffuse sensitive and complicated situations by staying objective and focus on the solution. Management were everyday people with a common goal of customer satisfaction. My co workers were genuine good people who strived to make an honorable living. The hardest part of my job was convincing some customer's policies apply to all but created situations for me to build on my professionalism.  The most enjoyable part of working for Amazon is that Jeff Bezo is a leader who is focused on the big picture while keeping in mind of the process. ", " A typical day would be keeping quality control on products by counting all day. I've learned keeping quality control is very important. Management was great and co-workers very friendly and easy to get along with. I cant say there was anything hard about this job because I enjoyed showing up for work. ", " I loved my co workers they were to friendly,no dull moments. i liked my co workers because u might as well say we were family by the way are hours and days were. ", " Very fun easy going work day. I got along well with all co workers and management. However the work wasn't challenging and at times didn't feel I was moving forward. ", " I opened the store almost daily, covered Managers shifts as well as other employees, and made deposits to the bank when needed. ", " With a staggering array of metrics and analytics, Amazon.com is truly the most customer centric organization in the world.  A true pleasure to work alongside so many gifted and brilliant people that are all dedicated to the customer. ", " cafeterias are very relaxing and have eveything including couches. work is consistent and competitive. physical activity throughout entire shift, great people. ", " I would only recomend people who have litterly no other options go here. The pay is ok and the benifits are really good. Where everything goes wrong is with the \"leadership\" nothing wrong with having someone or some people in charge, but having a team to be in charge causes alot of confusion. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The training, supervision and support at the Amazon Virtual Call Center was top notch. I would rejoin the work from home team at Amazon in a heartbeat. ", " Packed orders, pick orders from the bins i had a great management teams and my co workers was great and walked all day get and putting orders in the belt ", " Amazon is absolutely thee best company to work for and environment to work in . Safety is there main rule and They are all about there presentation and professionalism . ", " I would never work for amazon again! Staffing was very poor, expected you to meet targets every week and if you didn't hit targets every week they get rid! Two strikes and you're out! So you can expect for the agency to dispose of you within a few weeks.  Aswell as that the leaders didn't have a clue what they were doing and looked puzzled half the time when you asked them something or for help. A lot of them very rude as they expect you to not make an errors on your first day! They promote the idiots who don't turn in on time and have no interest in the job what so ever. This is because they're liked by management staff and so there targets have no part of it.   Don't work for this company if you expect to go far they'll only lay you of before the 12 weeks anyway.   Worst job ever. ", " Face pace environment with not enough time for breaks and or lunch. Long work hours six day work weeks. No room for advancement. ", " Excellent place to work. I would refer Amazon as a company to my friends.(As a matter of fact I already have done that). Pioneer in the internet and innovative ", " start at 23;45 have a briefing,make sure all cages are set up correctly on assigned route.label cages.collect scanned parcels of the belt and put them into the correct cages.unload wagons using a pump truck and placing work by correct belt.re-start belt work. scan the shipments after all work has been received and pack cages ", " I did this assignment fort three weeks through a temp agency and I enjoyed it to the fullest. Amazonian really care about you. Number one key is to keep yourself hydrated and safe. They have cool incentives for all worker. I loved this place! ", " Everyone was very friendly, helping. Job environment was great.no complaints. Hour lunches , very flexible schedules. Supervisors and manger were great to work with. ", " A typical work day was from 8 am - 4 pm, sometimes later depending on what was going on that day.  My duty as the recruiter included organizing, planning and producing events.  The events were anywhere from going to Community Colleges, Community events, and Workforce Division Facilities.   I was doing everything and anything to put the word out about Amazon hiring.  The events were always very successful and gave anyone the opportunity to apply and work with Amazon.    This position was never a part of the Human Resource Department before, so I created the position starting at ground zero.  Eventually the events were growing and the flow of people applying was increasing.  Unfortunately, it was only a 3 month contract position, so my time came to an end.    I gained a lot of wonderful experience while I was there.  I learned/achieved the Salesforce training, created presentations and brochures for the events.  I became familiar with posting job Ads on craigslist, social media, etc.    In all, the most enjoyable part of the job was having the responsibility and trust to go forward with planning as many events as possible to enhance marketing the Full-Time Fulfillment Associate position. ", " Working in Amazon FC is very competitive and gives the opportunity to improve on your abilities to drive your career forward. ", " You will lose weight if you work here and meet lots of nice people. Room for advancement if you work hard. Very good training programs. ", " Amazon pays good. but the hours are long and soon you'll want more pay, within 6 months you'll get a .25 raise. they change rules there almost every week and you won't even know because they will only tell front half and they expect back half to come in knowing all the new rules. they start new duties for employees to do and you will not get the proper training for it. someone will come up to you with a kind stand there and take 5 minutes of their 10 hour shift to explain new duty to you. they cancel over time all the time. they have favorite employees. their vending machines almost never work. ", " Worked there twice and will not go back a third time. Zero hour contracts. Permanent staff are not very helpful and tend to help their own ethnic friends more. ", " Great Place to work, love my co-workers, great management, no micro managing, great growth, and love the business trips. ", " A typical day consist of preparing for the day by going over the projected inventory numbers for the day. Along with getting mental and physical readiness. ", " I am not especially happy talking abot amazon work. Many people are not friendly, feeling higher than simple agency employer. Also all employers which have target feel pressure always work more faster, better and etc. Amazon have pluses, but not more. For example free voichers for dinner, free coffe, cookies, ice cream if day are hot or especially busy. ", " i love working at Amazon. the people were nice &amp; the environment was very professional &amp; easy going. i learned more organization ideas. ", " The typical day of work at Amazon is rarely typical.  The consistent is the fact that we always start work at the same time, beyond that you need to be flexible.  The length of the work day depends on the timely arrival of trucks bringing the packages we process each shift.  The job function you perform can change during the four/five hour shift, from scanning packages and building pallets, to splitting packages to the proper lane, to preparing pallets for final shipment.  Management works hard to keep the work flow even so the maximum number of packages can be processed during each shift.  The most enjoyable part of this job is creating the best pallet possible and being informed that your pallets are good by the PIT drivers. ", " Any time help is needed, Amazon will do everything they can to help correct any issues as fast as possible. I have become more confident as a writer with the help of Amazon "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The benefits were great. The pay was pretty good. The environment was very stressful. They expect you to do 5 things at once while they watch. Coworkers were great. ", " Stowed inbound merchandise for company inventory, receive items using scanning device, and Basic inventory functions. Worked Tuesday through Friday 7am-530pm ", " Amazon is one of the best companies in the world. #27 on the Fortune 500, #4 in the Most Admired Companies, constantly the #1 or #2 company in the world for customer service and innovation.  I loved working at Amazon. Almost everyone within corporate Amazon ranks in the top 1-2% in terms of raw intellectual horsepower, and in the top 1-2% in terms of drive. Or else they don't last for very many years.  At Amazon, you have the opportunity to do really big things that change the ways that hundreds of millions of customers discover, learn, buy, engage, interact, etc. There is really no limit to what you can invent there, or how big you can think.  On the other hand, Amazon will suck up your entire life, if you let it. It's easy to find yourself working 80-100 hours per week. Sometimes the pressure to perform and deliver vs goals is excruciating. ", " A typical day at Amazon would be me coming into work at 12:45 pm. I would then unload my backpack, apply my vest &amp; put it in a locker. After that I would walk to the time clock line &amp; wait to clock in at 12:55. Then head to the stand up area to be debriefed about our work load &amp; volume for the day/shift. I would have to sort, scan, &amp; apply packages to designated pallet locations. Also, I was a water spider, which required me to close, wrap pallets, &amp; place them in staging lanes. Water spider was probably the hardest, yet easiest job because you were always busy &amp; the day flew by. ", " walked around picking items and sending down the line. thats pretty much all i did for 10 hours a day 4 days a week. everything else was great. ", " My husband and i haven't even been there a month and we already quit the place is a JOKE. If I knew I was going to be babysat I would've just hired a babysitter not work at that h*ll hole. If you're down for 30 seconds they b**** about it you can't go to the bathroom or find something or someone without being b*tched at. I would NEVER recommend Amazon to anyone. ", " Not much room for advancement because when 2 jobs open, 560 different people apply for that job. And if you dont make rate for 1 day, they make a big deal. ", " Every day I would do the same thing and stow items that arrive into the facility. Management and co-workers and very nice. The hardest part for me working there is the night hour shift, and work is boring and repetitive. I have learned to deal with night shift, and really don't mind working for Amazon, although I want to find a career someplace else. ", " This was my first job and it gave me a positive vibe towards the corporate culture. The 14 Amazon principles which act as  a role model of each employee is truly bliss. I enjoyed working with on of the fortune 100 companies and so called a retail king in the present world. I worked hard, had fun and someday hoping that history will be made. ", " I enjoyed working for Amazon for the first couple years despite having a salary well below my education and experience.  Constant changes in policy and work practices made development and advancement difficult.  I had the opportunity to work from home which compensated for the cons of the job enough that I stuck with a temporary job outside my usual field for a few years. ", " You go through security and clock in, making sure not to take any personal items, like a cell phone or a recording device, along with you or you will have security issues coming back out. Then, there is a \"stand up\" meeting, where your supervisor takes questions, and relays daily information, and important changes. After a quick optional stretch, you start your day in whatever department your in. Depending on how many departments you are trained in you could be sent anywhere throughout the day. You clock out for lunch and at the end of the day.  I learned here how to pace myself in a 10 hour work day, where I could end up walking over 40 miles on just an average day. I found out that, while very often important messages won't be sent between managers and supervisors (and often lost at HR), some of the managers who work there are the hardest working people I've met in a long time. I learned how to Pack, Pick, Stow, Ship, take inventory with ICQA, Divert, how managerial tasks are planned, and most importantly I learned the difference between working hard and working consistently  The hardest part of the job would be staying on top of a given message, that needs to go through a couple departments, or a couple \"chain links\" of command, before reaching it's destination. The most enjoyable part is the people. The salt of the earth work at Amazon. They are the elves that pack and ship your Christmas toys, they are lighthearted in the face of enormous work loads, and they are fun to be around. ", " this company is great however they start you out as a temp, and then offer full time company positions that not everyone will get. ", " Amazon is a good place to work. I really enjoy working with my peers and have some good managers. Although, a lot depends on who your manager is and Amazon's performance management system. My co-workers were very diverse and i got a long with everyone. The hardest part about the job is working long hours during hot summer season. ", " working a few day per week with local electrican duties inculed repairing eletrical equipment and appliances running wiring for lights and other equipment ", " You typically work 10 hour shift with non-stop working with the exception of two 10 minute breaks and one 30 minute lunch. You stretch everyday before starting your shift and after lunch. Lots of walking, bending, twisting and lifting. They will hire anyone. I learned about working in a warehouse environment and the rest is just physical labor. The hardest part was working 3rd shift. The manager I worked with and his team was awesome! ", " Everyday started with a meeting in which the same thing you heard on the first day is repeated every day you work that week, but none of the actual changes were discussed. You weren't treated as an actual person, you were a number that had other numbers tied to. All red tape and politics, with a very visible glass ceiling for all hourly employees. ", " Amazon is a good place to work. I really enjoyed working with my peers and had some good managers. Although, a lot depends on who your manager is and Amazon's performance management system. Also, the higher up you go in the company, the harder it is to stay in managers good graces. There's a lot bureaucracy, so you might get a bad rating due to managers being pressured. Once I started getting bad ratings, it was all I could do to get above it. And when I did, the stigma still followed me like a dark cloud. After 5 plus years, I felt like they didn't want to pay the high wage for my position anymore. Maybe I stayed in the same position for too long. There was talk of the position changing from management and other folks that had been there a while were also let go before me. Amazon said I was let go for poor performance. Specifically, it was related to 20% of my position. If you're thinking of Amazon, be careful. Their performance reviews are really subjective, especially at call centers. I would not recommend staying in a call center leadership position for more than 2-3 years. ", " I've been working with Amazon for a little while, of course I have another job as the pay checks are so little after taxes. I don't like a lot about the job, but there is some good parts. I'll start with what I do like. I like that they have vending machines and all that in the job, many other jobs I've worked at didn't have that.. they have some days where they'll enter you into a drawing, some people I know won Amazon gift cards and game systems. They also would have days where they'll have pizza or something for workers. One last thing I like is they offer a lot of VTO almost everyday. Every once in awhile I'll take it(not a lot since you're not paid for that) . They also get out early most days. OH! and the pay isn't bad, as well as being paid weekly.  Now, the orientation and training, they bring you in for 3-4 hours two days in a row to train you. Training was too quick, I honestly couldn't understand half of what they were saying cause they had construction going on and it was noisy. My first day was easy though my PG was really nice and helped me out a lot. Now, I'd seen a lot of people doing things they shouldn't and telling me don't carry 2 at a time because it takes more time, and if you carry 3 light ones going in the same area it'll be more time, and the PG had agreed. during stand up they said whatever your PG says you should probably listen. So my second day I was on another line and I got yelled at by this PG, she started yelling at me telling me I could've been seriously hurt for carry 3 tiny boxes.. i told her it was only my second day and I was told to do ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> that. This place is so mixed up and disorganized they all tell you different things. I'd finally grown to liking small areas where you only go 1-5. ending my first week I walked in and a whole pallet was tilted over badly. I asked if I should fix it and the ambassador tells me \"no you need to learn how to continue building even if it's titled like that.\" 80% of Amazon workers are rude and don't know what their talking about. You get lucky if someone actually wants to help you out. With break, you literally only get a good 10 minute break. this isn't my favorite place to work but pays good. ", " I worked remotely from home, which is great for someone who likes to be confined to a chair continuously taking phone calls ", " A typical day at work consist of building pallets scanning boxes and also wrapping and taking the pallets to the trucks to be sent out very productive and everyone worked together as a team to get things done "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " ALWAYS BUSY , LEARNT HOW TO WORK UNDER PRESSURE TO MEET  CUSTOMER DEMANDS . THE MANAGEMENT CONSTANT COMMUNICATION WITH STAFFS CREATED A GOOD RELATION WHITING THE FC AND IT HELPS IN MEETING SET TARGET AND GOALS THERE IS NOT ALWAYS HARD TIME BECAUSE WE WORK IN TEAM , ONLY IF D NETWORK IS DOWN AND WE COULDN'T MEET OUR CUSTOMER DEMANDS THEN WE HAVE TO DO SOME OVER TIME TO CLEAR THE BACKLOGS. MOST ENJOYABLE PART OF THE JOB IS WHEN WE MEET AS A TEAM WEEKLY TARGET. ", " It was an ok place, a better place for someone starting out of college.  It was a 50+/week day, learned a lot and some managers were leader and some were not. ", " lots of walking envoled long hour shifts does keep you fit and very tiring. Duties where scanning packages and putting them in storrage bins and genrel tidying ", " Each day we had a list of orders we had to fill, and our output was constantly being measured and displayed so you would know were you stood.  I would pick order with a cherry picker forklift and deliver it to a staging area.  Also I would work on the production lines and sometimes I would hand pick in the warehouse. Management was supportive and motivating because we had a lot of product to pick. The hardest part of the job was the heat sometimes, It reached 120 degrees in the warehouse sometimes. Great pay is what I enjoyed most. ", " Work was enjoyable, competitive, and comfortable. Pa's and other team leaders guided us great into achieving nightly goals. ", " Great place to earn immediate cash and have fun working. Great place for warehouse experience and fast place to move up in promotions. ", " Worked there for a seasonal work, the agency ISS are liars , I was offered a position with Amazon and the agency screwed me over, let me go prior to Amazon doing my background and drug testing, stupid point system, they are there just to ruin lives, and they treat humans as commodity. left there quick. ", " We worked from 6:30 pm to 5 am five days a week. I learned that alot of people around the world order things such as foods to children's clothes on the amazon.com website. The management was real friendly and helpful to all employees. All the co workers were friendly and helpful and worked together as a team. There was nothing really hard about the job at all. I enjoyed every moment of my job at Amazon.com and would love to work there again. ", " A typical day consists of researching and reviewing missing or lost inventory.  I learned how to constantly stay ahead of a fast paced online retail store. Management does a great job of staying on top of rapid changes in various departments and communicates well with their employees.  My co-workers have all learn to adapt and adjust to working in various departments at a moments notice.  The hardest part of my job is the locating missing inventory in a timely manner.  The most enjoyable part of my job is researching and analyzing various amounts of data. ", " I stand at a station and pack boxes with customers orders. I put bubble wrap in the box so the items are tight and secure inside, then I tape the box and send it down the line to be shipped out to the customer. Management is usually pretty fair and safety is always topic of discussion. The most enjoyable part of the job is knowing that there will be a smile on someone's face when they receive their package. The hardest part is standing on your feet for ten hours. ", " Decent job but horrible management. lots of hours, mandatory overtime. ", " Long hours in hot conditions learned nothing management sucks co-workers are good people hardest part is walking ten miles a day ", " good place to work and every one very friendly to each other which shows that how good they can work as a team. also you get praise for your hard work ", " i would recomend it to anyone. the people that work there are great. my area manager would do what ever he could to help you out and work with you on what ever you needed more help on. the typical day was easy you went in and stocked trucks up with boxes to be sent out all over the world. i was appinted the postion as an ambassitor. i was one of the people that helped train the new employies that we were getting. the hardest part of the job was just being on my feet for ten hours a day for four to six days a week. ", " Great place to work, even if the hours could be somewhat difficult. Management provided excellent support and training across the board ", " Working for Amazon is not for lazy people.  If you like to work and keep moving this is a good job.  The Amazoniens ( full time permanent employees )  say the benefits are above average.   Everyone is friendly and want you to be successful. Amazon provides your safety equipment at not expense to you.   There is onsite care for any minor injury you may sustain while working.  There are 2 large break areas for lunch.  And there is a smoking lounge on site for you smokers. ", " Over worked, stressed out, middle management. great work for an 18 year old. Work not worth the pay, even with really good benefits. ", " While working for the Amazon Fulfillment Center in Chattanooga, TN the first thing one would  notice is that it is very high in demand so you are always busy.  You are on your feet (standing or walking) for ten hours a day.  There is little room for error because you have a daily quota to meet in a certain amount of time and the whole process throughout the whole warehouse to make certain that our customers are completely satisfied by all of their orders. The management and coworkers are the best! ", " Throughout the Shift, you will walk about 20 miles. The shifts are about 10-11 hours long. Amazon is a HUGE place and there's thousands of people working there. Most of the time you won't have time to talk and socialize with any co-workers. It's a great place to work. You will come to know that there's all kinds of items and things that you've never heard of and at times you will be shocked by some things you find. ", " Amazon is a very good place to work.The supervisor helps out when needed,he makes sure that you are working in a good situation, and  he makes sure that you are given time off just in case you have a family situation or something else. The pay is good as well as the people who work with you. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I used to walk in at around 11 A.M and then check my mails and talk to my colleagues figuring out whats the task ahead for the day! And then around 12 P.M we have our regular stand up meetings(scrum) where we discuss whats the task that lies ahead and whats the progress made so far and how to split the task among the colleagues! ", " a typical day at amazon was to stock shelves for customer orders, I have learned that you must stock with safety in mind because we had an awful lot of heavy items to stock, however, you should always lift with your legs and not with your back.  I had the best Manager, and the co-workers, old and new where very professional.  What I liked about the job is we got to see first hand what Amazon has to offer, and I wasn't just an Amazon employee, I am also a Customer. ", " It is a very hard job. However, management is very willing to help prepare you to be successful in any way that they can. The business is very customer oriented and aware that a happy cusomer starts with a happy employee. ", " As a picker , I had to collect goods ordered on the scanner . I had to be very careful. Last hours were the hardest . I enjoyed the break that I could talk to my colleagues. ", " Probably the most telling incident was an all hands meeting where they asked how many people (in a room of 550) had been working here for the last 2 years. It was supposed to be a \"pep talk\", but maybe...just maybe 10-12 people clapped.  The workplace is set up so your body lasts about 3-4 months. You have to be hired by their \"temp\" staffing agency first. Then at the 89th day I magically got my conversion letter and became an Amazon employee. This is so they don't have to worry about the majority of people (that last just days/weeks) getting any health benefits through SMX or Amazon. Quite a little system.  I'm a hard worker, grew up in a farming family. This is not \"hard work\", it's impossible work long term. That's exactly the way it's set up, to take advantage of out of work people in need hoping they can make the best of it. Not possible, I did 752 totes in a time frame where 500 was considered 100%, Supervisor walks by right at the last seconds of my shift when I'm getting even more slammed with no help and laughs saying \"Stay after and clear at least half of this line\" as if I was slacking. I did. See management has a quota to meet too, but instead of helping the individual worker to where they can make it in the next day and be productive it's more important to just run down the big horses they have because the company is built for you to never succeed long term.   I suggest you work here as stop gap to get to your next job if you have to. But keep your head up high knowing the climate is to just use you, but you're looking and leaving here for a real job you can ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> be proud of. ", " I worked for them though an temp agency. I seen alot the pay was good, they watch everything you do even if u go  the rest room. They walk around all night on laptops checking you speed watching you. You get like a 9 min break not 15 and when the bell rings you better be  at your stations like a machine working. They check you  going out too make sure you dont steal nothing. Everyone goes on every break together like you are robots. ", " family oriented environment with caring individuals who will go out of their way to assist.  I would work for this company again. ", " I was overall happy with the day as it rolls along but the lack of breaks and amount of security clearance checkpoints diminished my time. ", " I think that Amazon is an amazing company. My work day was pretty simple, come in, clock-in, meet up and get to work. Management wasn't nearly as professional as to what I am used to and the communication was at a lower level then what I would have expected with the company being so big. My co-workers were really cool people who I enjoyed working with. The hardest part of my job was actually being able to maintain my personal life on the outside of my job. The most enjoyable part of my job was getting to know different people. ", " They only offer 4 hour shifts, little to no room offered for advancement. You spend your shift walking in circles or up and down a line, or rebuilding pallets because no one else can understand that little boxes are bad as support. You get one \"15\" minute break, but it is actually closer to under 10 minutes as the time to walk from where you are to the break room and get through security is part of the 15 minute break. ", " I was top packer and KO and did not receive compensation nor encouragement from Management. Co workers were friendly ", " I enjoyed working there i had no problems, seemed to get on with everyone in the building, met a few nice new people, the hardest part id say was that you had to stand for long hours but for me it was no problem cause im only young with full of energy so for me i didnt complain, i learned a few new thing i didnt expect to learn whilst i was working there, i learned how to communicate with people more, i worked in big groups during some periods, my mind set got much better i was focused at all tiimes. in general i just enjoyed working there. ", " no work life balance. be prepared to work weekends and nights. poor people management. everything is a fire drill. hair on fire environment. pay is good. ", " after morning stretches you are sent out to your department. as a picker you have from 7:05 to 7:20 to pick 20 items. Depending on which floor your scanner has started you on you need to bustle. If you miss these fast starts you will be talked. Your two 15 minute breaks are actually 10 minutes, the other 5 used as travel time from scan to scan. You need to keep picks to 115 items an hour, if you have trouble during the week and end up using your UPT this will lower  your weekly average and if you get lower than 115 items per hour you will get a written official warning. Trying so hard all week to keep up with the quota detours you from the job quickly. After work all I wanted to do was sleep. 10 hrs on my feet to do it all over again tomorrow, sleep was a necessity that interfered with my home and personal life. ", " I learned a few new skills at Amazon, i learned how to process returned goods, i learned how to drive a tug truck. I learned how to stow and i learned how to use scanner guns. Management gave us before and after shift briefs on targets. I got on very well with all the co-wokers that i worked alongside. I cannot pin point anytime of the day as being most enjoyable. ", " Very fast paced and busy. Lots of exercise and great people to work with. I was able to learn the complete warehouse which  gave me a better understanding of the business. The hardest part of the job is moving from function to function while trying to maintain rate expectations. The greatest part of the job is it's like shopping 10 hrs a day without paying the bill.  Most of the management team is great but they are all fairly new and do not realize what it really takes to do this job. ", " A Typical Work day involved Sorting to make rate for 5 hours and pulling product for another 5 hours.  on other days I'm In TDR for 10 hours or 5s I've learned Sortation, Safety, Water Spider, TDR, and 5S at Amazon. Management was great, always worked together with  all co-workers. On that note Co-workers had great team work ethics.  The hardest part of working at Amazon was that It could get real crowded. The most Enjoyable part of Amazon was being a part of the T.D.R. team (trailer, dock, and release ) ", " At this job the best days was when I worked in team cause I could learn new things. I also was happy about that job cause I was always busy.  I leave the job because I relocate and couldn't afford for the transport. ", " Your typical day will include standing on a hard rubber mat and opening boxes all day/night and searching customer and shipment ID's. Your responsibility is to check the products and make sure they're not damaged. ", " Amazon is good for needing a paycheck. There is no room for growth or development to expand your experiences or even make it up to management. If they see that your ar good place and doing well there, they keep you there and that hinders a lot of potential. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I was employed via an agency, who were pretty much useless if you had any issues, they didn't want to know. They are paid by Amazon and will never go against them. Amazon constantly broke the law and the agencies went along with them. I loved working for Amazon, but was treated so badly by the agency. All agencies at Amazon are the same, they have no interest in your concerns or well being, all they are interested in is the money that Amazon pay them, they couldn't care less about their own employees. ", " The company focuses on productivity. There was not much motivation as being an employee of the compan. Be prepare to stand all day there is no sitting down at Amazon. The breaks are short where you get two 15 minutes break and one 30 minutes lunch. You cannot be a minute or you are up for termination. Leave your cell phones behind or you are terminated. Make productivity or your teminated. Make sure you make it to work on time or your terminated. Do not take to long using the bathroom or your terminated. ", " It was only seasonal employment but I had a fun experience. There are 3 different shifts to choose from donut, front and back half. It is a warehouse job so you are expected to lift, bend, twist and have proper body mechanics. Before starting work everyone needs to stretch, afterwards there is a board where your picture/name is to check where you are assigned. The hardest part of the job was the long hours of standing and walking. The most enjoyable part of the job was lunch and break time because its the only time you get to relax and sit down. But the job does give you a good work out so think of it as way to exercise. ", " Amazon Fulfillment Center is a job not a career. The work load is fairly constant, the pay is not fair to the workload, the management for the most part are only concerned with rate of getting the product out on time. They have little concern for their workers needs. I want to explain how i feel their payment is unfair. Upon entry to Amazon they guaranteed me and everyone that we would get hurt no matter how save or careful we where. Certain workers has to walk between 15-20 miles a day. ", " Assigned to the Outbound Section where I rapidly pack/ship customer orders, load parcels into daily outgoing 42 foot trailers, adhere to strict safety, quality, and production standards. All the co-workers worked together as a team and the floor department manager's were always true professionals. ", " Amazon was a great place to work. The down side to Amazon was Keeping up we their rate. It became a challenge when they move you from place to another when you barely kept up your rate in the first department. I learn how to wrap gifts with 3 pieces of tape. Yruly enjoyed on hoildays the free meals they provided and also a live band. ", " 10 hour work days that require you to stand on your feet and be in motion for 9 out of those 10 hours. Very demanding but very rewarding. The hardest part of the job is being in motion and on your feet for 9 full hours almost unceasingly. The most enjoyable part of the job is the friendly community and the light a fun environment you get to work in. ", " First of all i would have to scan in, and log into the scanner. The scanner then would tell me where to go and which item to pic up. id go to the required row and then pick the item up, check for any damage and then scan it.  I learned about how to use the scanners correctly, and the health and safety in a warehouse. The hardest part of the job was to walk for the 10 hours of the shift, but after a week or two, id get used to it. The most enjoyable part of the job was getting the chance to meet a lot of new people within different age groups. The management was good and would help you with any problems that you might have had.  Co workers were friendly a easy to get along with. ", " working at amazon can be hard at times as it is very demanding but i feel i do not get paid enough for the amount of work i do as a team leader i am always in 1 hour early and only get paid for 15 minutes before my shift and 15 after im always first in and last to leave.  The amount of work that we do is very demanding and the brakes are very short two half hour brakes in a 10 and a half hour shift, when im on task it is very demanding on your feet as you are having to walk sometimes upto 18 miles a day and what makes it harder is that fact you have targets to hit which is way some people don't keep there job at amazon. ", " Meet at standup, then go to mezzanine to work, 15 break from the time you scan one item until the next and after you walk to the restroom or break room your 15 mins is up because of the long distance you have to walk, then back to mezzanine to work then a lunch break, after lunch meet back at standup, then back to work, the last break is determined by when your supervisor decides the next 15 minute break is going to be. ", "  \tPicking products and scanning to go for delivery  \tPacking items, making sure items are secure to go out for delivery  \tFlowing (unblocking conveyor belts, and replenishing picking totes)  \tPicking for case ( picking extra large items that cant be picked by normal picking )  \tCommunicating with managers about picking and problems  \tCleaning and Tidying  \tPicking transhipment  \tPacking specialist items ( Jewellery )  \tFloor inspections ( water machines clean and tidy,picking floors clean and tidy and reporting any problems) ", " Provided customer service via telephone remotely from residence. I learned the back ground of Amazon. Their mission is to provide excellent customer service. The hardest part of the job was not meeting the quota of customer calls in the day. I loved providing great customer service and problem solving so at the end of the phone call the customer was happy. Every communication was through the phone since the job was home based. ", " A warehouse full of life &amp; enthusiastic people willing to do what it takes to do the job right. The hardest part of the job is not getting off task by looking at all the exciting products going down the line. On the other hand the most enjoyable part of the job is the satisfaction you get knowing that whatever you picked, packed, sorted, or shipped will be arriving to customers all over the world with a smile. ", " I hated the job because intergrity staffing do suck. All they do is harsh all there workers. Being a picker is not a good position to pick. It's constantly a lot of walking ever day for 10 hours. The breaks go by so fast. The intergrity staff will claim you been off task for 10-55 mins and try to write you up. Their point systems is so stupid. If you do decide to work there then try to get hired up and pick another position beside PICKING. I never hated a job so much. It's a lot of overtime during the holidays too. ", " Its all fun and games the first week or two, But you only have 6weeks to be at the gole of 100%. They write you up for everything. They preach safty but know that in order to make the gols you cant fallow the rules all the time. Let one person go over the rate set and they up the rate. If your a person that struggles to make rate you will be gone because you couldnt keep up. Over all this place SUCKS!!! You would be stupid to work here.. ", " always a lot of moving around speed and accuracy. Learned many things about computers, scanners and pallet jacks and other things. management was really great at getting everything running smooth and simple. co-workers were awesome i miss them too haha. the hardest part of the job was making quota i would say since there was alot of the quota to be met. lunch best part of the day i guess its every part of the day for any job but other than that was after lunch more relaxed work place. ", " I would start work by clocking in and then pack until break. I would then have to clock out until I was going to be packing again which would be after a 15 minute break. I would then work again up until lunch which i would get half hour for. I would then clock back in and work until break which i would get another 15 minutes for. I would then work until the end of my shift. The hardest part of the job was being on my feet for so long as you stand while you are packing and the most enjoyable was having the people i worked with around me. ", " At work we are measured by metrics of investigations /hour and the quality of our work, work well in a fast pace environment  The team I work with is very enthusiastic and focused. We work well together as we all help each other and strive for the best quality of work.   The hard and challenging part of the job is to make sure we catch fraud before it happens. ", " Communicate with customers, fulfillment centres and couriers to correct any faults in the ordering and delivery system. Learned how to speak with and calm irate customers and how to co-ordinate multiple assets. also learned about the logistics behind such huge companies. Management were on the most part very consistent and helpful. Co workers were friendly and helpful. the most difficult part of the job was having to explain to customers that their orders would be delayed. the most enjoyable part was getting great customer feed back ", " A typical day at work is taking back to back phone calls and assisting excellent customer service to all our callers and making even the worst thing better. I have learned how to have more patients with people and how to kind of put your self in their shoes and understand where they are coming from. I love my co-workers they are the best and management as well its a very family oriented environment. The hardest part of my job is getting angry customers and not taking it as a personal attack. The most enjoyable part is going to a great work environment and making great money in  the process. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " received detail assignment(s) and followed  inventory requirements on daily 10 hour shift.  followed task guidelines as instructed ", " Answering phone calls and emails for customers who need help with their orders. I learned very good customer relation skills, however, we were severely judged by customers' reactions to how we helped them, making the work environment quite stressful at times.  The company is very generous to their employees as far as celebrating holidays and company goals. ", " started good but didnt work out in the end too many rule changes and expecting you to do mirricles on a day to day basis  expecting you to deliver nearly300 parcels for \u00a3100 a day isnt good ", " i was a picker i was picking things for customers an i was a packer to packing them for customers i liked thi job it was a great busy place to work an good targets to hit ", " - Random - Unplanned - Chaotic - No time for social charity - More power to all - distributed decision making  - hardest part: Moving from Microsoft to Amazon - Enjoyable part: freedom  co-workers: Not welcoming of employees joining from Microsoft ", " Learned a lot in both Inbound and Outbound departments. Had supports and positive feedbacks from upper management team. Got trained and did excellent performance in the company. ", " A typical day at work was very fast and active, I learned how to work with a big group of people. Management was ok I felt like some mangers cared and some didn't. I got along with my co-workers. The hardest part about the job was standing for long periods of time and walking. The most enjoyable part of working at Amazon was trying and learning something new. ", " tired for walking the long time, but they do have paid lunch time and few break periods. The people there are very nice and young. ", " A typical work day USE to be fun, challenging and motivating. Now it's just a job that makes you wish you could find a better one. I learned alot in my first couple years from the leadership team but as the turnover of managers increased, the culture, principals and values decreased tremendously. The co workers were amazing, they just felt the same way as me. The hardest part of the job was driving from Cincinnati to Hebron, Kentucky. The most enjoyable part was knowing that know customers during Christmas wasn't going to miss their packages. ", " A day of work here could consist of stowing packages or scanning packages virtually from location to location. The majority of the positions require continuous heavy lifting. At times, the atmosphere is very laid back.  I learned how the reverse logistics process works.  This company is very diverse.  The hardest part of the job is trudging through the sixty hour over time weeks.  Meeting new people was a very enjoyable part of this job. ", " So far I do enjoy working here. There are a variety of people and I've learned a lot. Working with these packages of things people have orders gives me a sense of accomplishment when I fix an issue with the package. It's a neat company with fun people. ", " continuous work flow constant change in work enviroment. With the changing of the management it can be hard at times to establish one self new managers new rules and change of work processes ", " The job was easy to do. The hardest part of the job was staying awake and the easiest part was loading the line with items. Co-workers was very fun and easy to get along with ", " good workin enviroment fun place to be bennefits are great manager are exelent the hardest part was the schedule and the standing up ", " My typical day at work is to greet my fellow employers and co-workers, smile with a Great big hello daily.  Keeping yourself on a positive level can Influence other co-workers to follow behind you, be a Influence to someone else  Life is Management; our daily routine, we plan and coordinate and set goals for our day, just like our jobs.  In every job you have to be able to work together as a team, and learn from each other experiences.  The hardest part of any job is when you\u2019ve gotten off work finding the energy for down time relax mood.   It is challenges each day when you work with the public, trials are going to be there, but Influence matters. ", " Depending on your proffered job role i personally think this suits me, reason being is because of long hours and night shift availability. We deal with approximately 75000 parcels daily during off peak times, during peak times we deal with nearly double that amount which is 150000 parcels each night. ", " its what you make it. love my coworkers. it was hard but easy work. i made the best of my job working there. some managers care about you and some dont ", " tiring work (12hrs/day, 4-5days/wk) with good weekly pay. Learned to work efficiently for long periods of time and make sure a full system of people working in an assembly line worked smoothly. ", " I had the opportunity to launch Amazon's kiva sortable fulfillment center in Ruskin, FL. I worked with carriers all over the state of Florida to ensure that shipments made their promised arrival date. ", " Great company for advancement and opportunity. Seasonal position is excellent source of additional income throughout the holidays, however, be prepared to work 50+ hours a week. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day at Amazon is very fast paced and somewhat demanding. None of the jobs are truly that difficult, it can just be very demanding, but that is something you should expect working for one the world's largest online retailers. What I gained most out of Amazon was how to better manage my time so that I could get the most done, but also complete each task with accuracy. To me the only issue that I really had with Amazon was the hours and management. The hours I worked didn't allow me to have any time with my daughter and my family, which in the end is the reason that I left Amazon. My other issue was with some of the Management through out the warehouse, some weren't approachable and acted like helping you was just a waste of time. There were also a select few managers that didn't really care what problems you were having that was affecting your work, for example, there were a couple of managers that if you were tired (in the sense of falling asleep while on equipment) they would still make you operate equipment. Therefore creating an unsafe work environment. I do have to say that best part of working at Amazon was my co-workers, of course there were a few that were hard to deal with, but I feel you're going to find that anywhere that you work. Another plus to working for Amazon were the benefits that you were eligible for as a full time employee. I would say that the hardest part of the job were the hours and learning to deal with the fast paced environment. The most enjoyable part of working for Amazon is how well they recognize employees for working hard and rising ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> above the rest. All in all in truly depends on each person, you're either going to love it or hate it. ", " Great co-workers. Love getting up and going to work everyday. You learn something new everyday. Would definitely recommend to family/friend. ", " Job is simple enough with pretty good benefits. I like the vision plan and the pay is good enough for my life requirements, ", " I do enjoy the people here, and have made many good friends and met many great coworkers. However, the general impression from management and from the company as a whole is that the well-being of the actual employees is a low priority. ", " Long and often tiring work (12hrs/day, 4-5days/wk) with good weekly pay.  Learned to work efficiently for long periods of time and make sure a full system of people working in an assembly line worked smoothly. ", " Amazon is a great place to work. A typical day is clocking in, seeing where you will be on the start up board for the day, stretching, then getting to work. Co-workers are amazing. The hardest part of the job is trying to manage the night shift with life. I love the fact that it is a set time and day every week when I have to work. ", " Morning stretches get us hyped up for the day ahead... Daily goals based on business needs.  Getting CPT (critical pull times) out in a speedy but safe fashion,  break then more cpt then lunch followed by stretches and more cpt then one more break followed by the end of the day cpt's.  I would normally be fixing the problems handling any issues anyone might have.  Running a specific area like gift wrap where i would makes sure everything was flowing and getting done in a speedy fashion... Never wanted to miss a customers order or have it late.  Quality of the item and the packages(s) itself were also very important.  I learned how to do every function in the outbound department, became very good at them in-turn.  I was trained to train new employees in there function.  I learned more of the technical side of things began fixing shipments, any red flags and managing inventory...  I also learned how to become a PA (process assistant)...  so basically i was responsible for all of the packers in a specific area.. and making sure the thousands of orders went out on time. ", " Amazon is a bottom line company. They do not investigate any incident that slows down productivity to determine what the root cause is and see if the incident has occurred before and correct it, rather \"coach\" and reprimand.  There is high personnel turnover rate, including the site head. ", " Dynamc company that is growing relentlessly. Everyday you get to work on something new that the company has never done before. Its a great place to launch a career. ", " Say goodbye to your social life if you work for Amazon. The workload is intense, but you will learn a lot and burn out fast. Get in and then get out! ", " The place was well ventilated considering it is a big warehouse. And there was always work and good people to work with.I had a great time and would like to return to Amazon. ", " Amazon was a new experience that I regrettably could not keep up with. I learned more about team work there as well as multiple warehouse skills. My co workers where fantastic and wonderful to be around and management was great. The hardest part of the job was being on my feet for 10+ hours a day hence why I could not continue with the job. Most enjoyable was my time with my co workers. ", " Easy work, but management believes SOLELY in negative reinforcement. You can scan the most items on the floor in a day, but they'll nitpick about one overage or shortage that's typically caused by someone else earlier in the chain (but they don't want to hear that)! If you DON'T see management, consider yourself as doing a good job because they don't give a darn about you or getting to know who they're in charge of. You're just a number. Or, if you're doing your job, they come by to watch you and NEVER give a perfect score no matter how productive, accurate, or fast you are! Most Managers are fresh out of college and walk around with a laptop and a radio and do zero real work. You can forget about leadership by example if you think a Manager is going to show you how to do your job. They care only about numbers and then at he end of the day....try to give you a high five as you walk out the door.....for what? Making them look good? Oh, and the absolute worst part about the job? You're there for 10 hour shifts. You might be a football fields' length away from the nearest break room, so when you get a 15 minute, it's really only like 5-7 minutes due to the travel time to get there! Same thing with your 30 minute....more like 20-23 due to travel time, lines to use vending machines, etc.... ", " A typical day would be checking Trouble Tickets using the Remedy system for issues that associates are having. Trouble Tickets would be solved and closed in a timely manner.  Very relaxed working enviorment. Everyone is very friendly. ", " I was working as the final stop of the Amazon process, so sorting pre-packed parcels on to their routes. It was easy enough but they only operate at night (10pm-8am) so the hours are unsociable.  Coworkers were nice and friendly but the bosses seemed stressed by their deadlines all the time.  It was alright as a temp job though. ", " Very strenuous on your body. There is always an opportunity to be trained in a new area. Management try to motivate the teams.  Co-workers are okay but some steal your lunch, which that's against policy.  There isn't anything hard. You just have to be physically fit and it is very competitive. You will lose weight if you're an associate. ", " I love working here. The benefits if i become permenant are excellent. The management is great and they will work with you if you have kids or are in school. ", " strict guidelines on work production, very strenuous on your body. you will leave in pain. plenty of opportunity for overtime ", " As a stower at a fulfillment center, the employee turnover rate is extremely high in my department.  I would only recommend working for Amazon if a person is out of work or needs employment for a brief period of time (like the holidays).  The wear and tear of my job accumulates quickly.  I have worked there eight months, and my feet and hands are always sore.  A stower must be able to consistently reach two metrics:  Rate and Quality.  Rate is how fast you work and Quality is how accurately you work.  To reach the rate, you really have to push yourself for all 10 hours of your shift to attain it.  For Quality, a person can make approximately one mistake per day and make quality for the week.  On the positive side, the health benefits are good.  To conclude, if you take a job there, be realistic about your expectations and don't look at it as a long-term opportunity.  Use it as a stepping stone to something better. ", " The job requires a lot the pay is okay but the Picker job in a big and second largest Amazon warehouse is difficult, with walking around and getting the job done "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I work from home using my own computer. Amazon provided me with a phone, webcam, headset, and other materials I would need to complete my duties. I participate in flex scheduling, so I can work when it's best for me. Calls are routed to a home phone line and I help customers solve their issues with orders, or any other question they might have. ", " At first the work seemed difficult to handle but with more dedication to learn how to be productive and quality efficient it all got easier to deal with. I learned how to work really well under pressure and according to the required time frames given, made new friends whilst on breaks and being supportive when working with others. The workplace is very much a target based environment but i did enjoy myself during my contract. ", " Any job at amazon is simply simple except for the extreme physical requirements. Chairs are not allowed and there are 10 to 12 hours of long shifts with usual brakes. On second day of assignment I barely could walk to my car. My feet kept hurting for next two days with fever also. Hundreds of people work there, it was not for me though. Job function is totally mindless. No sense of achievement for employee everyday. ", " it includied alot of standing in the one place for 8 hours and it wasnt to pleasant.. id rather be moving around. some of the employees are very ignorant. management ok. i learned about the sytems and whats good and bad packaging. learned alot about saftey too. there wasnt a hard part apart from standing in the same place you sometimes got a good laugh with the people around you. ", " A days work is hard, face paced environment. I did not learn any thing that I did not know already. Management sucks they don't know what is going on half the time. The only good thing is my co-workers. The hardest part of the Job is everything they work you to death for no money at all. The most enjoyable part is my days off cause I am not there. They do not pay at all but want to work you to the bone literally. Anyone who says they like it, love it do not believe them at all.  ", " Amazon was a interesting work experience for me. I was in the outbound department working as a packer. They offered overtime sometimes up to 60 hours a week. The real downer was that it wasn't a real secure job, as shown by the fact that the company decided to close its Texas distribution centers. Hate that i was laid off because of a dispute between them and the State of Texas. ", " I love working for the company and wish I had a permanent position that grants me security. I have learned so much more about myself and the variety of people that I worked with. I have became patient, patient and customer obsessed. The management here at Amazon was very well structured and are excellent in all they do. The hardest part of the job was taking multiple chats with two challenging customers at the same time. I enjoy the culture, the people, atmosphere, management and the free things we got from time to time. ", " Okay company overall. Would never work for Amazon.com again. Shifts are okay, 4 days on, 3 off. Mandatory overtime no matter what you have planned. You work when they say you work. Management will play favorites. No real room for advancement unless you know almost every aspect of every job, and you know the management. ", " You are on your feet the entire time powerwalking to locate and scan items at a particular rate. So no matter how fast you are moving if u dont make rate it really doesnt matter. My co-workers are really nice. Management is very polite but tough. I learned how to read numbers in a way that I am more efficient with timely tranport to conveyer belt for packing and shipping.I like the fact that I am losing weight due to the constant moving on the job. ", " Sorting stock then Stowing them away also picking and packing i learned that eveyone including some manegment work together as a team. hardest part of the job is trying to sleep through the day while children in school ready for when they come home to make them ok before i leave to start my nightshift work its enjoyable meeting new people while gaining new skills and doing diffrent work challenges ", " My typical work day was simple: Received products inbound; shipped customer orders outbound; Input data for inventory tracking. One of the most important things I learned while working with Amazon.com was that no question is a bad question. My management team were very helpful and inquisitive. The hardest part about being a Receiver was four consecutive 60+ hour work weeks during December. Laslty, the most enjoyable part of my day was coming home to my family and telling them about my work day. ", " It felt like you were partnered up with Amazon. Of course this is where I self taught myself about online marketing and the first way I ever made real money. It's up to you how you learn to drive this business because you're doing all the social media work and etc to get people to click and buy through your link. The downfall was the fact that you didn't make much money at the very beginning. ", " Ten hour shifts, fifteen minute \"breaks\" were actually five minute breaks and the 30 minute \"lunch\" was actually 20 minutes at best.. You are your production rate - nothing more and nothing less. Firing seasonal employees for not meeting their rates yet totally ignoring safety issues. The work was exhausting but I have a new appreciation for the \"permanent\" employees who work the long shifts. ", " I have been with the company for a few years now. As any job it has its ups and downs. I have seen managers come and go. Lately they have been acting upon employee concerns and people skills. During peak, it is always a mad house. I have learned so much in the field I am in. I would always recommend this if you have trades skills or a degree in a position. As far as the warehouse labor, it is a lot of walking and always have to worry about rate. ", " I sit in a cubicle and troubleshoot and support the Amazon Kindle. I have done many projects for design and development improvement across the network. I've also participated in focus groups to help support the company. Everyone is so easy to get along with and everything is easy to learn and adapt to . Hardest part are some of the calls or dealing with customers. The most enjoyable part would be the ease of having a flexible schedule, getting off early and everyone is so friendly to you. ", " Amazon is a fun place to work, i enjoyed my time there. It is very well organised with plenty of support if needed. There is always someone to help with any problems that may arise in the workplace.  I had never used a RF gun/ hand scanner before but was shown in great detail how they worked.  The management were very hands on and always approachable with any questions or concerns that arose.  The hardest part of the job was lack of job security, it could end at any time and that was the most difficult part.  Most of my co workers were a joy to work with. As with all workplaces everyone did not get along. ", " Amazon is a great company that will challenge you everyday to your limit. Always striving to improve processes in order to enhance the customer experience that will fuel growth. Company is developing leaders to have engaging interactions with associates. Great pay for management but expect a challenging work life balance. ", " Amazon is not such a bad job especially if you need some money. Getting paid every week is worth it in the end. Working there twice, I learned of two different jobs and the standards to meet. Some of the co-workers are not some to obilge. There is always someone that may catch an attitude for no apparent reason. The hardest part of the job is standing for 9 hours with a 1 hour break split 3 ways. Overall it is something to act upon but after a while it may not be for some individuals. ", " 10-12 hr shifts with only 2 15 min breaks &amp; 30 min lunch n with the time spent walking there, it will eat it up. In addition, theres 100's of employees all taking their breaks @ the same time. You'll never get a full break to rest your feet after hours of standing n walking. Job is easy n can get boring after awhile, but the distance from walking back n forth makes it tough. Not 2 mention, there strict policy of no sitting. Never minded the work, only the cramps n pains felt on my feet everyday. ", " I had a great experience managing the inbound department of an Amazon Fulfillment Center. The challenges I faced kept me engaged and motivated every part of every day. The people I worked with, both the associates and the leadership team, were professional, genuine and simply good people which made the experience much more meaningful. Amazon\u2019s culture is inspiring; it incorporates all the aspects of positive leadership and motivating high performance. I would recommend anyone who asks me to work for Amazon. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is world re-known for innovation. If you want to work in an environment that is constantly breaking new ground, this is the place to work for. Management depends on individual management abilities. Work life balance is dependent on if your team is part of an organization trying to gain market share. ", " Pay is okay and you can dress how you want but they DO NOT care about the well-being of their associates. Their have been multiple incidents in the year I've been working there and the ambulance have been called to the site. Overall if you like long 10 hour shifts this is for you.! ", " Multi tasking is a must, face paced environment, and highly evolving. Change is constant and must be able to deal with anything at last minute's notice. ", " My day start off by preparing work, I create batches and distribute the work load every 11/2 to 2 hours in a 10 hour work day. I also resolve any variance that may occur, such as erroneous products received or incorrect quantity. The management is awesome but precise. The job is easy and stress free but there is times where the bottle neck process can be intense but that occurs mostly during peek season. ", " - A typical day at work usually started with my associates and I working at our stations, receiving products. As the shift progresses and the number of items that need to be received decreases, I rotate between receiving items and doing other jobs that need to be done throughout the warehouse. - I learned how to effectively work with others in order to get tasks done.  I also learned how to problem solve. - Management was very upbeat and always provided feedback. - My co-workers were friendly and always made the workplace a positive environment. - The most enjoyable part of working with amazon would be the satisfaction of working hard with my co-workers to go above and beyond the rates that are expected of us. ", " a typical day at work was exciting because each day you could be doing something new and even cross training in other departments. I learned many new things, aside from all the new types of jobs I was taught I learned to use the RF scanner and the work can be fun even when you are working very hard. Management was typically very understanding if there were any problems or anything you didn't understand. Co-workers were usually fun people to be around when there were \"team\" jobs to be done. Usually you're quite solitary in the ICQA department. The hardest part of the job PEAK SEASON. longer hours on the feet make you so sore, however I never noticed till I got home focusing on work as easy for me. I loved the physical demands of the job and the night shift and I loved being cross-trained in other areas. ", " Now working in Amazon wasn't so bad and its really hard to get hired on as their standards are a little high but not unattainable. The managers and assistants consistently are aware of each worker and want to make sure of their well being, plus each work department is very simple, simply repetitive and the long hours that would get to you. Now working their may seem a bit like high school when it comes to break times, if you weren't the social butterfly then you were the loner and that in turn effects your outlook on the rest of the work period, so I recommend finding some work friends and when it comes to working, well it goes by very quickly, especially if you break it down by breaks compared to thinking the whole time frame. Overall they really look out for you, sure their are some cons but I found the pros more worth looking at. ", " start off wih standup and then onto your stsation for 2 plus hpurs then brea for 15 bac to wor for two more plus hours and then lunch repeat first par of the day ", " They need to have high expectations that is true but not at the risk of a associate failing the first or second week, maybe they should see if they would be more successful for the company and themselves to be put in a department that is best for both parties if no spot is available then what's their 2nd strong point and so on . ", " There was hardly any communication within management. They put everyone in different places constantly. They would do this and act like you knew what you were suppose to do. When in reality you would be wandering aimlessly for an hour trying to find someone who knew what they were talking about. You could be the quietest and most efficient worker and they still would complain about your performance. The devalued their workers every day. It was like trying to win a losing battle working with them. It got to the point where I would come in a feel like a zombie. I didn't want to talk to anyone in fear of being barked at by the \"management\", or even process guides with big egos thinking they knew it all after being there for a week, and were younger than you. There is nothing like having a job take the life out of you and making you into a person you never wanted to be. It isn't worth to pay. Just don't do it!   ", " Working at Amazon is a crazy day that is never the same. I have learned the job of receiving clerk and have gained forklift experience. ", " Working at amazon fun and stressful at the same time but it is a very easy job as long as you make rate get the work done do what you was told follow all direction and you will have a spectacular days work ", " Work flow is steady but they treat their empolyers with respect Learned the importance of shipment and packing Coworkers give me the motivation of working hard and taking the job serious The long hours is the hardest part but is always beatible The attitude of management is very good and that makes the job enjoyable ", " Good working enviormnment but need to improve. frequent change from one place to other.do not share with officials. immuture. some  are very nice  and some misguide. despite of  positive progress worker may be change for personal reason. all things should fixed when start packing. ", " The pay in this company was good, but I that was about it. I never knew how long I was going to be working there since it was a seasonal position. No one seemed to know anything and everyone has something different to say, including management. They would change the schedule last minute. ", " Pack orders on moving belt   Exceeded pack rate for each task    Perform production duties as needed    Adapted to changes in management    Assist team members coached/trained do to circumstance ", " Well never a dull moment.What I learned is patience is a virtue. as for management well it was a big big turnover  with that .coworkers made lots of friends.The hardest part of job was when machines broke down then your rate drops then you get yelled at .we tried to make everyday fun no matter what the day brought everyday was different.You never knew from one quarter of the day to the next what  you would be doing.kind of exciting always something different.we did exercise every morning before starting and after lunch every day. ", " Amazon does not care about their employees. employees can be easily fired and wages are low compared to other warehouses with similar duties. ", " I found it to have been somewhat the enlightening experience.  What stood out to me was the actual use of a water machine not a water-cooler.  It really did say something about the awareness of the management and their reach to accommodate the employee.  It overall was a fascinating operation of retail in its system to have been handling mail-order as I can recall that it was expressed that mail-order was very big in terms of living in America through Warner Bros. cartoon characters Bugs Bunny and Wild E. Coyote.  I believe the word amalgamation is the correct term as many people did not live in the big city yet and disagreed with traveling more than twenty miles to get to a department store.  So, I have to believe that Amazon is taking quite a challenge with continuing such service.  My hats off to them, they have the gung ho to do it. ", " I felt like I wasn't good enough and they wanted more each and every day. It was ridiculous and they have a 100% quality assurance  which is very very hard and they harass you every few days to week with stats and telling you to be faster. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon overall is a good company, with great benefits. Low paying. On a daily basis I handle the work flow for about 24 to 48 pack associates, I am responsible for quarterly associate engagement. I have learned a lot about time management due to the fact that Amazon is an extremely fast paced environment. I do enjoy what I do. I like working with people and helping them preform to the best of their ability. ", " Run reports at SOS, time and attendance maintenance throughout shift, customer service. I've had the opportunity to learn different areas outside of my normal job function. Amazon offers great benefits. ", " Hard working facility that want to make sure each customer was happy. My days flew by at this place. It could be overwhelming at times, but overall is was a great place to work! ", " Work begins at 630 and ends at 530. The occupation does not really require you to have a brain it includes a long day of only scanning products in to the system. Great place just not for me. ", " typical work day is stretching grab scanners go to location and start counting, fun and energetic  co-workers. it maybe a stress full job but knowing that work was taken care with no issues ", " It's hard work but it does reflect on your pay. The warehouse is fully of signs giving clear instructions and in case they don't help the supervisor gives you great assistance. There's a lot of co-workers who speaks very little English so team-working wise could be a challenge but in most cases it turns out well. If you want to work with them, you gotta have stamina, an open mind and great determination ", " Very well paid job that was all about customers needs and also their workers safety. Many different jobs to move to n company also. ", " A lot of new faces and different things every day. As a picker I was always on my feet but my body was used to it in the end. Everyone was also friendly. ", " A typical work day consisted of the same thing, constantly, which made the job itself very boring. I learned how to stow at a fast pace. As for management, and co-workers, they were both not very helpful. The management was very rude, and not consistent, along with the coworkers. The hardest part of the job was the hours, and poor management. The most enjoyable was the pay ", " I helped wipe functions from the dell laptop so they could be resold.I helped burn new software on the computer. I did learn how to run different programs on laptops and desktop. ", " working at amazon has drained me emotionally and physically, if you have loved ones good luck seeing them. between working and getting enough sleep, you'll be too zombied out to have a social life. ", " Amazon is an amazing place to work. All the members of management as well as trainers are all about getting you to where you wanted to be. The moral of the place is at an all time high as well as the environment that is worked it. There is always something going on for team members to take part it. ", " We work very hard with our co-workers, and the hard part is. Getting all our pull's, and packet's out on time. We work for one of the largest internet company on line order, where all our work come's from people shopping  on line internet. ", " would be a great place to work if the uppper positions, was perfessional. Work hard for less pay, need more compensation. Really great co-workers. ", " 4x 10 hour shifts with mandatory 10 hour overtime. rediculously high rate to meet. most boring job ive ever had. management loves complaining about your rate. some co-workers are cool but then you have those team of douchebags who expect you to get out of their way immediately. nothing fun about this job, 30 minute lunch flies by in what seems like 5 minutes. ", " A typical day would go along with mangers talking down to you and expecting more from you that exceeds your rate. While walking 15 miles a day and having to squat for every other item you have to grab isn't enough to kill you, the heat will surely kill you. The most enjoyable thing about this job is going home ( if you didn't have a heat stroke or heart attack.) ", " A typical day at amazon, start out slow, but the pace pick up due to the unity we are getting in the building/ what is going out also. We have two major department, inbound and outbound . Inbound come in two parts, receive and stow . Working in receive we take in about 35k to 75k daily .I learned how to management people more and better. also we show improvement on productive daily . Great co-worker are great to work with , great people . ", " I work in inbound at CVG3 in Hebron, KY. I come in and check to see where I'm at for the day. I'm either in a unrated or rated task. Associates work on the dock or they receive so the items can be sent to outbound to get shipped out. The co-workers at CVG3 are nice and very outgoing. They offer help when it is needed. The most enjoyable part of the job is meeting new people and getting to know them. ", " I would rather like go to the moon without protective gear than work in a horrible company. 0% job security, 10-hour straight walking, Pick 138 items an hour and annoying managers (who even doesn't know how to run scanner properly).  Absolutely 0% of chances to grow within the company (if you get hired by SMX you are busted, one of the earth's annoying coaches and supervisors supervise you. When I ask some technical question about the job, they just stare at your face) You will get white badge if you hired by SMX and let me clear one thing every single responsibility or work is for white badge people and every single benefit only for blue badges (permanent employees). If you are a white badge employee you even don't get your gloves to use from vending machine with your badge, you have to ask manager every single time to get gloves. Spoiler alert DONT WORK IN AMAZON EVER IF YOUR LIFE REALLY MATTERS TO YOU. ONE OF MY HORRIBLY WRONG DECISION TO WORK WITH THEM. ", " Good place to work, has good benefits and full time work available. managers and associates are replaced quite regularly. Overtime is sometimes available. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I enjoyed Amazon very much, The work was hard and your body had to get used to it. The management was nice and the other workers friendly. I made a lot of friends I would also add that they had Thanksgiving dinner catered in for us and paid us for lunch and gave us an extra 15 minutes. We also go 40, 50, and 60 hour work weeks. Everything over 40 was time and a half. Part time seasonal employees were also eligible for health insurance. I would give Amazon a very good review. I guess I just did. ", " We worked from 6:30 pm to 5 am five days a week. I learned that alot of people around the world order things such as foods to children's clothes on the amazon.com website. The management was real friendly and helpful to all employees. All the co workers were friendly and helpful and worked together as a team. There was nothing really hard about the job at all. I enjoyed every moment of my job at Amazon.com and would love to work there again. ", " The Walmart of internet commerce. To sum up my experience there i'll put it like this. One morning i sat in the parking lot watching people file in to start a normal workshift. Then i had an epiphany, everyone walking in who worked there for over a year had various arm braces, special boots for foot problems and wrist braces. ", " A typical day at amazon was to count what was stowed. I learned a lot because I did not work in a warehouse before and it was a learning experience. I enjoyed it very much. I had no issues with management in fact they were very helpful. The co-workers were fun to be around. The hardest part of the job was the bending,stooping,and walking for this warehouse was the size of 3 football fields. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting all the people you worked with. ", " Amazon pay is great, but when it come to everything else they need to work on a lot of area. The human resource dept is the worst i know at this company. They all talk about each and everyone in this company will throw under the bus. The General manager is the wost one in this company, he will walk around and make the employee life miserable. if you dont go along with what they want, you will be railroad out of this company, no one is on your side with this company. They company spread lies. Worst company i ever work for ", " When I start work I always want to do my best and show what I can achieve. Within 5 weeks I was made a Ambassador and still wanting to learn more. I work well to targets and deadlines and achieve my goals. Improvements can be made but needs to be taken to highest level within the company to make the business thrive. I made a couple of thoughts to help the company be more efficient. I always thought that being efficient gives more to productivity and I do my best to see this within any company I work for. ", " - The typical day at work was always busy, I always came to work with something to do. There was every few times where i was sent home due to no work. - I learned how to tolerate people a lot more, my leadership skills has improved and also i learned how to operate an Electric Forklift. - Being able to work with my co-works was the highlight of working at Amazon. - taking orders from managers that contradict one other. Was not every easy being told to do something by one person then told to do something totally opposite by another. - Being able to enjoy my time with co-works. ", " A typical day was taking phone calls from customers that needed help with their kindles. I learned alot about kindles and how to do troubleshooting. Management was great. They were all easy to work with and always had a solution. Since everything was in a virtual setting, it was hard to really get to know my co-workers, however, when I was able to interact with them, they were all great people. The hardest part of the job was trying to learn all the technical part of doing tablets and phones that had the kindle app on them. To me the most enjoyable part of the job was talking to my customers and treating them like friends. ", " I worked many different jobs duties tasks at the fulfillment facility I was rated on my accuracy speed of performance standard operation procedure the job is very physically demanding so I was in great fitness shape I got a lot of experience at Amazon I also had really good benefits the best of any job I`ve had to this date. ", " At amazon every day is different, some days are harder than others. I have learned many a things while at Amazon, customer returns &amp; how the supplies supply Amazon with the products are one of many. The management team are good, they help you tell you everything you need to know and try and help you succeed. The hardest part of the job for me is on customer returns which is what I am on at the moment, you have to be careful as one mistake could lead to a customer getting a damaged item so you have to make sure you check it when it comes back and make sue its in sellable condition, The most enjoyable is being able to in a nice environment due to co-workers and how everybody is around eachother, nice place to work in. ", " A daily routine was to be quickly learned when working with Amazon. I learned how to have a great work ethic and how people work so hard for the extra dollar. Co-workers were great, many people were not from around Phoenix, so you got a really good culture mix at work which always kept things interesting. The hardest part of the job was getting into the routine. Most enjoyable was the wages I earned and the people I got to work with. ", " A typical day at Amazon as a Order Picker is hard work. You are on your feet for 10hrs+ , you have a 30min lunch break, with two 15min breaks. You're constantly speed walking back and forward from aisle to aisle, 1st to 2nd to 3rd floor , pallet land to library, kneeling, climbing on ladders to reach the top of the shelves, etc. Somedays it's cold, and somedays it's extra hot. You get sick working there due to all the dustiness. The management of their company is terrible, the higher power plays favoritism. You will come across a few loyal co-workers, most of them are rude and messy ( drama ). The hardest part about this job is being on your feet for 10hrs+ .Every Friday (payday) is the only enjoyable part about this job. ", " I enjoyed my time with amazon.com. Providing world class customer service. Amazon is a customer oriented company with a great focus on taking care of the employees as well. With amazon I learned how to identify customer pain points and help eliminate them using the six sigma process. I always enjoyed learning from and teaching my fellow co-workers. While being apart of the escalation team, customers were pretty upset by the time they were transferred to me, while most people would get flustered I saw that as an opportunity to make the best out of a bad situation and brightens someones day. Rapport and courtesy go along way. ", " i worked 12 hour dhifts mon /sun one day off.The travelling hors where 14 a week so as you can imagine it was work work work ,with me not drinking ,wasnt a problem needed money.the hardest part was keeping you body and brain going at the same time or it could be boring ,music was always my answer ,kept me going ,. ", " They only hire for seasonal workers during the Christmas holidays. You work for a good two weeks, then back to job searching. In order to work full-time you have to know someone personally from the inside. ", " I would never be bored and not want to leave work due to my work pace. I learned how to use a scanner well and work around a lot of people. The management was great and tried to help any problem that could be solved. My co-workers weren't really to happy due to their age and long hours. The hardest part about my job was the last couple hours of work because you knew how much time you had left. I enjoyed working at a fast pace to try and when the picking competitions that we had. ", " I was there such a short time. Nov.16th to Dec.28th of 2012. I learned how to use a scanner to locate products Management was very strict, but seemed fair Co-workers had their own production on their minds Hardest part was not having enough time to complete assignments as the pace was extreme ", " Receiving ,unpaking and sorting off goods for future customer orders.Managment target and quality orientated. co workers mostly agency ,the ones I was working with where tempory for the Christmas period the same as me. Hopeful off being kept on after the Christmas period. The weight of some of the boxes you have to unpack.when the products you are dealing with are easy to process and the shiping codes and bar codes are working ,ie when the line is runing smoothly. ", " - verify schedule to demand and volume to capacity - I learned how to stay composed, even when deadlines could not be met, to creatively make capacity constraints work at the last minute by reaching out and finding unconventional ways to achieve the daily goal. - Worked well with everyone, strongly believe that a team effort can combat any obstetrical. - doing 5 different tasks at once, sometime a call out for assistance is needed, knowing when to make that call is a crucial part of any job. - people, I love to work with people, to achieve a daily goal through a team effort. ", " Go to work everyday and take phone calls along with looking at e-mails, going to meetings and solving customer issues. I learned a lot at Amazon from the customer's, and how Amazon works to the people I worked with. Management was always going above and beyond to help out their employees, and there were always there when you needed them. The hardest part of the job was dealing with customers who were angry but, at the end of the day, it was all worth it. The most enjoyable part of the job was my co-workers and the overall enviorment of the job. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Not Bad at all.  Just some of the management only thought for themselves and not for the good of the group or the company.  I worked there for a little over 6 months but for whatever reason I was never offered an opportunity for advancement or any chance at a pay raise.  Other than that I liked my job there at Amazon. ", " A typical day starts with a morning meeting with management. Then everyone goes to their assigned stations to begin their workday. The hardest part of the job is staying busy sometimes. Sometimes there isn't enough work to keep us all busy. ", " They only worry about there customers. Can care less about their employees. I just kind of enjoyed the pay, they way the people talk to you and treat you is just down right ridiculous. ", " A typical day at work consist of me stowing customers orders at a timely matter. The hardest part about the job was finding space for the items during the busy season. what I liked most about the job was meeting new people ", " A  freelance worker is a term commonly used for a person who is self-employed and is not necessarily committed to a particular employer long-term. Freelance workers are sometimes represented by a company or a temporary agency that resells freelance labor to clients, others work independently or use professional associations or websites to get work. \"Independent contractor\" would be the term used in a higher register of English that designates the tax and employment class of this type of worker, the term freelancing is most common in culture and creative industries and this term specifically motions to participation therein. ", " \"From the great benefits to the investment on professional growth of their associates Hyatt values their most important asset:it's employees\"   \"Free Hotel rooms throughout the company and good benefits\" ( Cons \"Managers are not considerate of work life balance\"   \"Hospitality industry is hard long hours\" ", "  \tAssisted the warehouse with multiple tasks  \tAdministration of Windows domain and accounts  \tAssisted the managers by responding to the objectives and goals ", " Enjoyed a great year learning a lot and developing as an analytical thinker and salesperson.  It was a great environment to work in with a lot of great people. ", " At Amazon, I had an opportunity to experience, first hand, the efficiencies of \"The Toyota Way\" production system.  I, also, enjoyed the opportunity to work in coordination with the  KIVA ROBOT SYSTEM. ", " I learned a lot in this position. It is a very busy job that I enjoyed. The hardest part was commuting when the weather was bad. ", " I worked in a well-organized, fast paced environment and maintaining an efficient personal rate along with accuracy. I was to inspect every item to make sure it was the correct item, damaged, or in suitable condition to ship out. I had to make sure I maintained a safe working condition for myself and for my co-workers by fallowing dress codes, safety procedures and by maintaining my work area. The job was relatively easy and repetitive. I enjoyed watching the new technology that was introduced from time to time and, like the KIVA systems. I also enjoyed learning the way the company operated, and what they did different to make sure they met costumers expectations. ", " I work at packer and check my rate everyday up to 100%. Show to the supervisor or PA manager keep feedback with me every 2 weekly. Very difficult as job and fast work hard work make perfect no mistake or missing what customers order online. If damaged or anything immediately to PA manager respond make sure agree or disagree before send to the delivery what customers make happy. I learned lots and hard not easy job. I enjoy my part of this job because I seeing many millions of items from toys, goods, etc...in the warehouse. Most coworker always help me and I help them we are team work. ", " Working a amazon was very productive, long hours and hard work, but I learned several different job while I was there, that I feel will help me in a future job. I met a lot of people there, and became friends with many. I have always been a people person, I got along with everyone. ", " Amazon.com had a great environment and lots of friendly people. I gained organization and inventory skills while also learning to work as a team member. ", " The insurance is available as soon as you start. Amazon gives the opportunity to study in another field after one year. On a typical day you could be moved multiple times which effects your rate; and your daily rate is how you keep your job. Co-workers are able to talk to each other on breaks and at lunch, but can be reprimanded for talking any other time. The hardest part of the job was walking the 10-12 miles; the distant of the building from side to side and all three floors. ", " The first year was actually a good experience. I was one of the fortunate ones to be able to work in the Prep department. It ran smoothly efficiently and for the most part was not stressful. The WHOLE netwrork could take note of this and realize it was the management style that was DIRECTLY responsible for this. UPPER management here, would not HAVE THAT! How quickly changes were made to take that harmonious balance away. The constant revolving door of middle management does nothing to help this place. In fact as a direct result it creates more lost time and HUGE amounts of money that ANY other source of lost labor hours. Add in the indirect causes and you can no longer wonder why there are truly NO profits. WITHOUT all the local governmental tax breaks as well as the federal breaks this company would have gone out of buiness long ago. THANK YOU CORPORATE WELFARE ..  The pressure to continuously INCREASE your production WEEK OVER WEEK is ridiculous. This is not a stock measurement Humans and robots can only achieve so much efficiency esp in an atmosphere that is rife with operational and logistical inefficiencies. FIRE people for pretty much ANY reason they can make look good on paper. Including but not limited to outright lies and numbers manipulation. To clean ouse get new bodies in so they can receive another financial incentive from the government for hiring someone getting them off welfare or unemployment temporarily. There is NO review or vetting of aork habits or past work experience. Over all THE WORST JOB AND 2ND MOST STRESSFUL JOB I'VE EVER HAD. All for an entry level ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> non skilled job..  I am glad its not my \"career\" as it is for so many of their employees. ", " This is a job meant to tide you over until you get to where you actually need to go. It is not meant for you to stay at for years and years. ", " I come in see where im supposed to be go set up my station and if im a slam operator I get all my machines running make sure I have everything I need I check all the packages that kick out from bad ones to good ones check the weight check see anything is missing from the package before I shipped it out to the customer. ive learned a lot from amazon but I also taught them about being a team player management never was around or did they care that you needed help only ones we could rely on was our co workers the hardest part was lifting stuff with variety of stuff that was the wrong weight for shipping only enjoyable part of my job was my co workers ", " When hired by the company, they sold their image so well, it was hard not to be enamored with them and everything they claimed to offer. They give you health care, paid time off and a \"block\" of unpaid time off right away. You're also accruing additional paid, unpaid and vacation time from day 1. Unfortunately, once you cut through all the glitter, you'll discover this company is far from golden. Rate and output demands are ever changing and, depending on department, quite literally unobtainable for most people, on a consistent basis. Management claims to have an open door policy in place, as well as on sight HR representatives ready to address any concerns associates may have, but the longer you stay \"off task\", the more likely you'll be written up for failing to meet productivity requirements, thus making it practically impossible to utilize these resources, unless you're willing to sacrifice your breaks, or personal time (off the clock). This environment is not a nurturing one, so don't expect anyone in management to approach you and commend you for your hard work. Also, don't be surprised when the only time they interact with you, is to tell you everything you're doing wrong, regardless of any legitimate explanations for concerns with productivity or quality. Favoritism runs blatantly unchecked or addressed. If you're the type of person to \"rock the boat\", \"complain\", \"defend yourself\" or \"contest any management decisions\", be prepared to experience unwarranted psychological abuse by anyone wearing the \"leadership\" vest that happens to take offense to it. If you are an individual ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> with any disabilities, seen or unseen, be prepared to be mocked and ridiculed because of them, by management, both behind your back and to your face. I strongly suggest avoiding employment with Amazon Fulfillment Center - DFW7 location. The monetary compensation is not worth the absolute nightmare they'll subject you to. ", " Good money and hard job as I've been working night shifts. Very happy about the overall process of how the warehouse was managed wih so many employes out there. Very high standards of health security as well which made Amazon a really safe place to work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Overworked and underpaid. Top out pay is only $9.85 , 10.00 if your a cashier. You can work every department in the store but it will take you 10 years to become a manager or you may never become one. ", " Training new employees, positive and negative feedbacks, handling several different types of situations daily, using scanner, insuring that each person understands strengths and weakness of job performance. ", " Nice place to work. Everyone was nice and helpful throughout my employment. I was only there for about 3 weeks because my school schedule conflicted with work, but I would've stayed if I wasn't pursuing welding. ", " I stow shoes off of a cherry picker that  raises to a height of thirty feet. Managers at Amazon are knowledgeable about  their jobs.. The associates seem happy. There is nothing difficult about any aspect of the job. I enjoy going to work at Amazon and not knowing what to expect from day to day. ", " the job is okay. the building is very hot and the people are okay. while i was there i made the best of it and did what i had to do to make sure my job was done. ", " I would arrive to work at 7:30am and would be given the area I was to work at for the day. I learned to stow items into a bin at a fast pace and also how to package items properly. The hardest part about working there was being on your feet for eleven hours. The most enjoyable part was that we participated in games and events. overall I did enjoy my time with the company and the managers. ", " My work is based on rates and production. Can be very competitive. A lot of room for improvement regarding management. Very friendly co-workers. ", " Being a Sorter can be challenging when PA and ambassadors remove people off the line and  only leave one person by them self for hours. Not Joking. I feel like they really need to watch who they put in a management role before they lose a lot of good workers.  They push for Production but Preach on Safety. ", " It's hard to get in direct hire. It's doesn't last very long through temp, but the pay is amazing. Great for landscapers and contractors who are slow in the winter months, that's their peak season when they hire hundreds of people. ", " I just think its long hours, and also you discriminate against people with DBS records. which I think is very unfair &amp; as for people that work with the company are very rude, they all talk in non English which is unfair to the rest of the people. ", " Shifts are good.  Work isn't that hard, but you do work.  Pay and benefits are decent.  You are on your feet for 10-11 hours a day.  Shifts are 4 days a week 10 hour days, with the exception of overtime. ", " I enjoyed working at Amazon but was released due to an illness causing me to gain points, a system I do not agree with.  Otherwise I found the job challenging and fun, and made friends along the way. Currently I am trying to be recruited again but whether that happens or not I do not know. ", " i work at night shift 6pm to 6am love those job kind of fun and friendly peoples to understand me and they also help me because im deaf and the manager have no problem they understand they write paper that way i understand those job and very depend myself if needed help my management very nice they communication me thur writing on papaers, and my co worker also friendlys and nice talking new friends at break and lunch break .This job gave me oppurtiy for me to learn and work with Amaon i would like to thanks Amazon for me to have a expericene working with Amazon i would like to come back and work with amazon Many Thanks ", " I loved working at Amazon. I was in a smaller division that operated more like a startup and gave me a high degree of autonomy while also allowing me to feel like I was contributing in a meaningful way. I set my own hours (within reason), could work from home at times, and generally found it to be a manageable workload that was handled in a fair and well-planned-out way. My managers were great and I was able to be very direct with them, control my career, and generally do what I wanted to do with myself in terms of side projects and advancement.  Probably the biggest drawbacks that people coming from other tech companies might find is the lack of perks: no free breakfasts (we got bagels once a week, but all teams don't do that). We used to have beer on Fridays, but then that went away, then it came back. It's entirely random if your team will have beer. But yeah, there are no beanbag chairs, beer fountains, or free lunches at Amazon (well, VERY rarely will you get free food, so eat it when it comes around!). But overall, I found it a great place to work: I was well compensated and the culture is good. ", " I enjoy my job but it is hard to move up there. I am there all the time never miss and never leave work. I work all my overtime and I work hard at my job so I can try to move up. My co-workers are great and I get along with everyone and try to help when they need it. Management is a all young and sometime get overwhelmed sometimes but he is still learning. The hardest part of the job is standing on the picker for 10 hours. I enjoy my job a lot but I would like to move up to make more money and to me a leader. ", " Easy to do tasks but have room to grow and learn more skills and positions. Rapidly evolving work place, management does their best to help with any issues you have. ", " Very long hard enduring hours, not really enjoyable, somewhat moderately easy yet very tough due to length and temperature. ", " work hard its worth it...if your lazy don't even apply Raises every 6 months  .75 cent diff. for nights  pays for school  I had one good manager and then the rest sucked but its a job go there to work not to make friends and you will make decent money ", " This is thee worst company I ever worked for! It's probably as bad as working in the blood diamond mines in Africa! You are treated as such, a useless individual that is worked to death, and are ALWAYS expendable! Your hard work doesn't pay off. I wouldn't even recommend working here til you find that next job like another ex-employee has mentioned. They saw me limping, and they fired me because they viewed me as a \"future\" worker comp claim. I never complained about the injury because it didn't happen at work. Your breaks are short waiting behind others in line to clock out and the LONG trip to the break room makes your 15 min. break cut in half. Part of it consists of using the last 2 min. of it walking back to the time clock and waiting in line yet again! Run, don't walk, AS FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE AS YOU CAN! You've been warned.... ", " On a typical day at Amazon, i work as a team with 5 other co workers in my station. We get visits from our managers, questioning if we need any help or to see how our progress is going.Each day work i become familiar with the box sizes whig allows me to move much faster when i have to pack the item. My co workers and I talk throughout the time to make the time go faster. The hardest part of the job is the amount of time i have to stand on my feet. For 12 hours i have to stand in one place packing as much items as i can. The most enjoyable part of the job is meeting quota for the day and getting to list to music as I work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " enjoyed the night shift work, met up with a lot of old friends from the past, the hardest part about amazon was working under pressure.. best part of the job was lunchtime just to relax the feet and watch television, and the pay was good ", " The facility I worked at was over 1 million square feet big and you will learn every foot of it fast as you walk/ride about all day. The people are generally nice but their are constantly new faces as temps are brought on then released during holiday seasons. LOTS of walking and/or standing depending on your task on a given day and must be able to lift, bend, stretch, and stack with many different shapes and size products. If you like what I'd consider manual labor then it's a sweet job that I'm sure offers opportunity for advancement (i was only there for about six months) then you'll enjoy working for Amazon.com ", " Everything you hear about this company is true. You learn a lot, you work hard, you are a part of building something exciting ", " in the morning you get to stretch and listen to the plan of the day. We learned how to get along with many different people. Management was on point the whole time. Co-workers were nice, but amazon people wouldn't really communicate to integrity people. The hardest part of the job was to get up in the morning whenever we had over time and work 11 hours straight in 4 days. pay check was the most enjoyable part of the job. ", " Being in the mods picking was fun until they started ranking up the speeds and if you was past there daily speeds that they wanted you at you would get talked to and if you couldnt keep up (which there was alot of people) you would get a write up and then moved to a different area because they didnt want to keep talking with the same people. One of the reasons i went to pack was because how my orders/items to pick came in my RF Scanner wouldnt keep up with the speed they wanted you at so i got trainned in pack. Which i did better in i went was past the rate they wanted there. I do better working with computer and a constant work flow of things to do which in pack thats what they wanted. ", " I'm a part of a teamwork that is responsible for a variety of task. Some of the task can very from day today. For example making sure all outgoing shipments are packed in a careful and organized manner, as well as carefully review orders and select them for shipment, and also loading items into shipping containers. ", " amazon didn't work out because the hours were all separated. The job was fine but the hours were bad. A typical work day was not good. I learned a lot . ", " Amazon is a great company to work for if you are looking for a challenge. You will work on broad scope, disruptive projects that will develop you at any level in your career. The pace is fast, the work is interesting and the people are fun. ", " Working for Amazon was a great experience, the warehouse is orderly clean and one of the best fcs I have seen of a warehouse. ", " Amazing workplace and environment! Management is involved with lower level employees and everyone is treated equal! ", " Really Clean Code. A lot to learn. Most of the day you would be designing the feature, developing it and testing it. Co-workers are really helpful. ", " early hours was great, how to train a employee to its fullest. Management changed a lot many quit many good managers. Co-workers were great workers. Peek was the hardest never saw family much. Enjoyable part pay day and OT. ", " Great place that compensates for the work that is done. It is hard work but well worth it. It is hard to build employee relationships because the shifts are always changing, and seems to be new people all the time. ", " Amazon is a culture of high performers filled with people who strive to please the customer and maintain the Amazon brand. Work-life balance is what you allow it to be, but in order to move up and be successful, working from home will be required. Amazon takes very good care of its employees at all levels and never forgets the customer. There are always ways to stay inspired at Amazon. ", " worked there for two and a half years went through new managers constantly so you never had anyone of position to help you move up in the work place. supervision is almost non existent so people play the numbers. ", " horrible, unorganized company, Management just plays around in their computers flirting with other girls.  Too many lazy people working yet they have the blue batch and managers dont tell them anything. All of amazon employees are lazy just wondering around and smx people working hard getting all the hard work; us girls get to carry heavy boxes while the mens are carring tiny boxes . It's ridiculous and not worth it. ", " not a bad job and typical of the industry. nice managers and the coworkers are like family. i only left for personal reasons. very fast paced environment. you receive a 3 day weekend most weeks. the benefits are great. ", " We are a growing company with a lot of advancement.  Great benefits with fun jobs to do!  My co workers are so fun to work with! ", " The company did not include its deaf and hard of hearing employees in the daily announcements. The initial process, the 3 day orientation, was the best part about the job. During this time, an interpreter was provided for me and it did help me understand about the job better. During the last day of orientation, there was no interpreter for me because management had been complaining about the cost to provide one. So I missed out on valuable information because the company is cheap. A typical day of work started with mini meetings in which information was shared, important information that they always leaved their deaf/hoh employees out of. Instead of taking the time to print off this information for us, we were left to depend on the patience of others to explain in detail what was said. When I wrote about the need for changes on the suggestion board, I was treated differently and with contempt. ", " I loved working there. they give you full time hours plus benefits. Workwise you just have to be ready to stand for long house at a time without a break. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " to many drops up a 6am returning home 10pm getting  tired not much time to relax like a robot the job is easy  just follow google maps ", " Good opportunities to promote up. Very busy days with amazingly smart and awesome people. Not a lot of work life balance. ", " A typical day in a fulfillment center at Amazon.com would vary between facilities. The facility I was apart of was a legacy fulfillment center. It was recently closed in Feb. of 2015. I loved my job, blood sweat and tears. I believed in the fulfillment process and making customers happy. The job was always rewarding knowing what I was doing was helping the Operations team get packages out the door. I was a vital part of the system keeping IT equipment in operational condition. ", " You are expected to work at a pace the equivalent of a slow run for 10 HOURS PER DAY  4-5 days per week. Pay is pitiful with 25 cent raises every six months (if you are not fired or quit first!). Amazon is constantly hiring and their employee turnover is the worst in their industry. Their daily business plan is to work the fewest possible people they can employ the hardest they can and get the most out of them until they quit, are fired, or get hurt. If you pick items from the warehouse to fill orders you are expected to walk 9-12 miles a day and pick 1200 items or more each day to keep your job! Your break and lunch time does not excuse you from meeting that quota either. If you pack orders for shipment you have to pack more than 2000 items a day to make quota. If you count inventory you have to count thousands of items hourly and if you make any errors you are written up as well. Management is virtually useless. They are unable to meet quotas and are clueless on how to make it. HR is there only to document your performance write ups to fire you for failure to meet your quota. Co-workers stay stressed out rushing to try to make quota and cut any corners possible to do it. Management only cares about numbers not your safety or well being. Temperatures inside are so hot your clothing is soaked with sweat within your first few minutes of work. The work is hard and your body will ache for hours after you get off work. It will take you your weekdays off to recover. There is no opportunity for promotion because if you are hired you have to stay in that job for your first year. If ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> you have to go to the bath room during your shift the time you spend there is counted against your quota as well. Many people who are injured there end up requiring physical therapy and sometimes surgery to recover from their injuries. There are many other companies that offer better jobs and working conditions than Amazon! Do yourself a favor and find another job working somewhere else and doing something at a pace that will not cause you a permanent debilitating injury! Amazon will use you up and throw you way like a food wrapper! This is not a job for personal or career advancement. it was the absolute worst employment experience I have ever endured and would never recommend Amazon to anyone. If their customers knew how they treated their employees many would never order from Amazon again! There is nothing I can report enjoyable about this company or how it treats their warehouse associates on a day to day basis. If after reading this you are still uncertain then ask yourself this question. \"If Amazon is such a great place to work why are they always hiring?\" Do yourself a favor an research Amazon on the available search engines. You will be amazed at what you learn about their employee relations. ", " days at work are 10 hours long and goes by fast. as a picker being timed on productivity and efficiency puts the fun into work. working at a fast pace to ensure customer satisfaction from collecting items from one end of the warehouse to the other pushes me to get it done. its a great place to work and definitely worth the money. ", " Play the game, mind your business and you will be fine.   The associates are seen as a number. They come and go.   Work long hours (12 minimum) and shifts are not family friendly. Days or nights. ", " The morale is low, turnover is high, and the management team obviously does not know how to operate effectively in China. ", " Everything is great at Amazon Lab126 - they don't care if you contractor or intern, they welcome you as one of them. Management is great also, considering how much time they spend on all important meeting - they still have time to chat with you and ask if everything alright. Just awesome place! ", " The management group was horrible treated the employees like they were disposable. This was not a family environment at all. Would call mandatory overtime and would give you the notice at 4 am in the morning thirty minutes before you are going to get off of work. ", " It was really motivating and accepting workplace. I learned about a lot of ways to make the job easier. Had great management they were willing to help out in anything and made everything easier because they were really organized. The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to see the different types of things they sale. ", " I enjoyed the environment and met a lot of interesting people along the way. To be apart of this job you have to work at a fast pace. To work at this job you need a lot of time to work. My days would start at six thirty at night and end at five thirty in the morning. Long nights were needed to work and I am able to work with very little sleep. I would find the items that needed to be shipped and send them out for shipping. The hardest part of my job was being on my feet all day, but I handled it. The best part of my job was meeting interesting people along the way. I learned from this job that working overnight is nothing to joke about. It is hard work and not as enjoyable as the day shift. ", " Everyday will be tiring but fun at the same time. I learned working for my first time is not very easy. Also, the managers were good always checking what they were they doing right &amp; wrong. My co-workers were hardworking. The hardest part of the job was surviving each day. The great thing about the job was meeting different people. ", " Employees are all treated fairly, the only thing I would consider a downfall would be the pay rate. I feel I work very hard and make little money. ", " Hardest part of the job is actually simple. Show up on time, dress appropriately, have protective gear required for your station with you, do your required job to the best of your ability at all times, take breaks only at allowed times.  Management is usually more than understanding. Most of them have been there. As with any job, you will have those random co-workers that you disagree with due to conflicting personalities or work ethics. Worry about you and your job not them... ", " Amazon was an amazing place to work. The toughest part was definitely positively positioning bad news to customers. But other than that, the co workers were knowledgeable &amp; friendly. The managers &amp; leadership were SPLENDID. Every day was awesome because we constantly received snacks, that was awesome. ", " I enjoyed working there a lot, I had my own little family, awesome hours, got to move around a lot, have fun, and experience new things, also if I ever had a question I wasn't scared to just ask someone everyone was so nice and helpful ", " I worked for Amazon in Irving, Coppell, and Ft. Worth. Irving generally has the happiest employees, easiest jobs, and most relaxed management. It is a part-time only location. Coppell and Ft. Worth are mostly the same and I will reviewing those in this review. Anything mentioned from here on in this review does not pertain to the Irving location, unless specifically mentioned.  My goal is to be as well rounded and helpful as possible in this review. I will try to not be emotional but only state facts. I will start out with some basics:  - Do not plan on becoming permanent if you start between September and December. Do not get your hopes up, regardless of what human resources or any agency tells you. Don't do a bad job because you're still getting paid, but don't push yourself past what you can handle thinking you will have job security.   -If you get hired between March and June, you will almost certainly become permanent within a month, regardless of how hard you work or how lazy of an employee you are, because they have to fill roles during this time. -Your experience of Amazon will largely depend on which department they put you in. You will have little to no say over this and will basically be put wherever they need people at the time you get hired. Some people think working here is absolute torture, and some think it's the best job theyve ever had in their lives. Generally ICQA is very relaxed and easy going, with relatively little psyical labor involved, and other than use common sense, has little to no strict rules and can easily be a job for life for someone ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> who is okay with warehouse pay. Inbound is purpose driven, but a lot more relaxed than outbound. Outbound is probably where 99% of all negative reviews on working at Amazon come from. It is very labor intensive and not for people with weak bodies or little strength. Impossibly high rates are strictly enforced in outbound. -Once you become a (permnant) blue badge employee, you get absolutely unbeatable benefits. You even get a lot of benefits 30 days upon being hired as a temporarly employee. But as a blue badge employee you get paid time off, vacation, and UPT. If you run out of unpaid time off you are fired no questions asked. That sounds  bad, but in reality, running out of UPT and falling asleep with a knife in their hand are the only reasons I've ever seen anyone get fired for at Amazon. Most people will have to work 4 days in a row every week. 5 days during peak volume. Same hours same days every week. Some lucky people work 2 days, then get a day off, and work 2 more days, but don't count on getting that. Shifts are ten hours long. I personally loved working there and would go back again in a heartbeat. Not everyone will say the same. ", " Great people, work environment and pay. I really enjoyed most of the people I worked with and was able to schedule my own time off. I miss the job immensely but was injured (not work related) and had to quit. ", " ok place to work would of been more better if i had more hours and a better shift.The people besides the managers and supervisors my coworkers were all cool. ", " Day at Amazon is not what i had in mind for an HVAC career. learned various trades basics UPS, transformers, generators, evap cooling, ATS, surge protectors, bldg automation. management is great but higher ups are not the friendliest and not conservative of employees, co workers are great, hardest part of the job is the change day to day the amazon way. most enjoyable part cant say I enjoy my job reason am looking to be back in the HVAC trade only. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " At Amazon I learned to stay work hard, stay focused, and keep  consistent pace. The hardest part of the job was making rate, however learning the different areas of the warehouse made it easier to locate the items, the most enjoyable part of the job was meeting goals and receiving rewards for them. ", " I would of stayed working here but I was having problems with another employee and they weren't helping me out with it. They day started early and finished late. We were on our feet for 10 or more hours a day. We had two meetings during the day to stretch and to talk about what was suspected for the day. I learned to work with others and to work at fast pace to finish what was needed for that day. The management was nice until I was held up with a problem that they wouldn't help me out with. The hardest part of the job was when the conveyor would jam and take 15 minutes or longer to start up again because it would slow everybody down. I enjoyed having the meetings and having the chance to win prizes. ", " As an intern, a typical day for me is sitting in on a weekly meeting discussing the campaign projects in-placed or will be beginning soon. I usually work on major donor organizing via excel as well as other administrative assistant projects. I am surrounded by wonderful activist who teach me more and more about the struggles of the Amazonian basin and the indigenous peoples who live there. The future of my internship is now taking a turn in which I will be apart of a country and their specific campaign. ", " Working for Amazon UK was an interesting start to getting into work, as there was a lot of physical exercise but very little time to enjoy yourself, as the breaks didn't give you much time to eat lunch.  I learned how to accurately pick items, store them in a tote and which areas to transport them to.  The management was good, any problems that arose were sorted within moments.  I didn't have much interaction with my co-workers as there wasn't much time for breaks and we couldn't really interact much on the job.  The hardest part of the job was learning to reach the targets in such a short time, without much time to get used to the area and methods for the task. ", " i used to work for lovefilm which was owned by amazon, i enjoyed working for lovefilm. i would get out 6 am in the morning and return home 11.30 pm/12.30 am everyday and saturday was optional. i learned how to sell lovefilm  face to face to people which gave me more confidence and enhanced my customer service skills. i didnt find the job relatively hard as i enjoyed my job but the part i liked the most was to meet new people everyday. ", " Amazon has a very healthy and happy culture. They live to their \"work hard, have fun, make history\" slogan. Working at amazon has taught me a great deal in perseverance, coping under a great deal of stress. It has taught me flexibility. It has also taught me to live life and to have fun while being productive.  The hardest part of the job for me would have been working 11 hour shifts overnight for 4 days in a row. It had taken it's toll on me. The vibe at work and the togetherness and family-like culture, however, made it enjoyable to be at work. ", " A typical day at work was great and relaxing at times. I learned alot of stuff there like how to pick/pack groceries, how to cut/pack various types of deli meats and cheeses and how to problem solve issuses that came about through out the work day. The managment team was great. They really knew how to make it a super workable environment. My co-workers became some of my closest friends during and even away from work. the hardest part of the job was getting used to working graveyard as the most enjoyable part of the job was the interaction and friendlyness everyone had with each other. ", " This is a small agency that tried to bring in more people and grow but struggled to learn how to manage new employees. Everything was very micromanaged and not a very positive environment. This was probably the hardest part of the job and made it difficult to want to go into work most days. Amazon has great clients and they are nice to work with. Other co-workers are still good friends of mine to this day. It was a true learning experience in management styles and the treatment of others! They did have very nice benefits and competitive pay, nice kick-backs from clients and a well stocked fridge with wine! ", " Working in a warhouse is definately not for everyone. I do not mind working in a fast timely manner, however the management team does not have all of their stuff together. The senior ops managers make all the decisions and some times its very hard for the manager to adapt. I have learned how to use amazon computer systems, understand the different quality of products. A great experience because you are working with many different people. The warehouse is very diverse. But the best thing about working with Amazon, you know you are making some person at their house happy to receive their package. ", " Overall to me, Amazon was a great place to work at, but the only bad thing for me was the fact that I lived 1 hr and 15 minutes away. The hardest part of the job was the ride home for me but the work there was fairly easy. I worked with a group of amazing people that I had the pleasure to work with and get to know. Management was great for the most part also except for the fact our managers in our department changed 4 times during my tenure. Never got the chance to really get used to any one in particular. I learned the importance of  teamwork. ", " Fast paced employment in growing company. Learned multiple positions in company. diverse employee staff management engaged in daily work ", " Ive worked at the Amazon fufillment cernter for a few months. It was offered to me as a temp job through smx of lewisberry, PA. The training was great, the fellow employees are great. But i must say that the management at smx does a pretty poor job. They hire about fifty people a day for over a week. The hours are then cut down by the previous employees who have been there for a while. Then they lay off everyone that has recently came in due to the scheduling problems due by management. In my opinion its a great place to work but the management needs a bit of a touch up. ", " A typical day at Amazon for me was locking in trailers, taking care of paperwork between truck drivers and dock clerk. I learned how to operate several battery powered vehicles, how to sort, receive, and store product safely. Management was typical,more worried about numbers than the people working for them. Dealing with Amazon policies was a pain, they don't take into account the human equation. In other words \"To ere is human\". The most enjoyable part for me was all the people you interact with on any given day, so many different personalities, good and not so good. ", " I worked night shift for over a year and a half and I loved it. As soon as I went to dayshift that all changed, the whole atmosphere on day shift was horrible. Everyone was rude, and didn't work. The management on both shifts really wasn't the greatest. But they would work and sometimes listen to you. This was a great place to work pay and benefits wise. ", " The 2012 holiday season was my first with Amazon fulfillment. My department and team were working 70 hours a week between Thanksgiving and Christmas. We worked hard, had a great time, and set Amazon Fulfillment Global receiving records.  Set 2012 World Wide Inbound Volume Records for Holiday Season - Inbound weekly volume record of 5.2 million units processed - Inbound daily volume record of 958,687 units processed - Inbound night shift record of 416,824 units processed ", " I would have recommended Zappos (now Amazon) to anyone before September 1st 2012, but now its just awful there. They took all of our FREE benefits away and they didn't hold on to culture activities and the true values of the company like they said they would. And the management there needs serious work. I wouldn't recommend and or my family or friends to work there. Also, I wasn't happy with the top out pay there. I think its ridiculously low. ", " Overall, a solid work environment with customer centric goals and a strong emphasis on employee safety. Work was very challenging at time but very rewarding. Typically I performed a hodgepodge of duties ranging from the beginning of the ordering process (grabbing items and loading conveyers) to the end (loading all the packaged items on trucks) and everything in-between. A very fast paced environment where an employee goes where they are needed, and no job is ignored simply because it is not in the job description. Every worker works in every capacity. ", " There isn't much time for a personal life when working at Amazon. You work up to 60 hours a week. The managers are mostly fresh out of college with no experience. If you're lucky enough to get a mature manager then chances are good things will be easier on you. I have met some of the best people while working at Amazon. It's very cultured. If you are hired on direct things are easier on you for sure, but if you have to go through their temp service you really have to prove yourself to get the opportunity to be hired on direct. ", " If you are looking for a place to work where you have opportunities to advance and possibly use the skills you have acquired over the years then look somewhere else.The position that you are hired into will be the position that you will quit from unless you are out of the military. All of the area managers at the Chester fulfilment center are former military whether they are qualified to manage people or not. If you are not former military, do not even think that you will advance past the position that you are hired into. The best that you will do is a lateral move.  ", " A typical day for me is walking 20+ miles a day picking customer orders for 10 hours a day. I have gained warehouse experience and organization skills. I also have gotten better at pacing myself and multi-tasking. Management changes every couple of months. The hardest part of the job is not the actual job itself but dealing with the monotony and low morale. I do appreciate that I've lost 50+ pounds since working there, though!! "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I've work for Amazon.com for two years now and I have to say this job Crazy! I'll either come to work watching my fellow \"coworkers\" spend their time talking wasting time, getting in to fights,or swearing.  Now the benefits and pay are nice but if your planing on making this a career then think again. ", " In my particular building we had to work a lot of mandatory overtime, 11 hour shifts, and the work is intense. I have a family so this just did not work for me. They need improvement in how employees are treated by some managers, but its a company where you can grow. ", " I personally don't think they give efficient breaks nor do they truly care about their employees.  The hours they gave were over extensive and they truly don't care how much sleep you get to come back and provide work the next day.  They will tell you, you have a 15 minute break but you must clock out and clock in by the time you do this your break truly is only 8 minutes. ", " typical day was an 10 hour shift packing goods to go out to customers. i learned health and safety and ways to pack goods.  made friends easy. was got good fast working day ", " I worked 10 hours four days a week.  My position was \"Picking\" , filling customer orders.  It was a fast pace position.  The management was encouraging, helpful and did all they could do to make you succeed in your job.  My co-workers were also helpful and easy to make friends. The hardest part was making quota and the most enjoyable was doing the job. ", " This job worked out well for me at the time.  As long as you are self-directed and disciplined, you could keep steady pay.  The secretaries were helpful and courteous. ", " I would ensure the restaurant was immaculate by the end of the shift. I need to successfully deliver all the orders that came in during my shift in a efficient and effective manner. Also provide a great customer experience at work. ", " A day of my tasks would go as follow...I would go in early to work, to set up the shift before my Inventory Control Quality Assurance team of 150 associates showed up. I would then have a 7 minute stand up meeting to go over any changes, announcements, achievements, goals, and tasks. Once they  were off i would consistently manage the flow of the shift to ensure all workers didn't run out of work, i would also train, provide constructive feedback to the low performers and make any labor moved if needed. At the end of shift i would send out a report of the shift performance and details of overall shift to the next Process Assistant. Most challenging part of the job was handling the associates since they can be very sensitive and needed to ensure i was very professional and by the book. Work was Fun, daily goals and prices! ", " Amazon is a great place to work, and there is a lot of opportunity for promotions and recognition... as long as you put in the time and the hard work. It is definitely not an environment where you can coast (granted some people get by with it), but you get what you put in. Management can be tricky, you should make sure the team you land in has a good manager, otherwise it will be difficult to get out of your role or learn if you don't have an engaged manager. ", " bad management you wrote up for anything they have favortisim only thing good about the job and the job security and the benefits other then that the job is a waste ", " Just a regular small business with very down to earth staff and management. Very patient and willing to work with my schedule as needed. ", " A very fast paced company, built around customer experience and productivity.  Amazon as a company has a very aggressive and competitive work style. ", " As a packer,picker,sorter and problem solver faced different challenges. Learned how to work very fast since every position has a rate to achieve. I always kept a positive attitude on the hardest days. ", " Amazon's reputation as an innovator is well deserved. The only thing constant is change. That can be very exciting when you're driving the change but it can also be frustrating when trying to establish cadence and standard work.  A typical day usually runs around 12 hours. Starts with a pre-shift planning meeting followed by leading the team in a stand-up meeting. Day-to-day area managers coordinated flow in their area and deal with all the concerns raised by associates. Everything from punch issues to process improvement ideas. ", " Lots of labored work which is great, helps the time go by faster. However they are constantly pushing you to make better rate and have no recognition for those that are. You feel very unappreciated, like you are just a number. ", " Its no doubt a good company to work for. However i was working on the bottom. As my department had no set place to work, even though my department was responsible for inventory control and quality assurance. A high working there was meeting a bevy of new and interesting people. A low working there was the amount of favoritism some of the managers played. I learned a lot working there and do not regret it one bit. There are so many possibilities to move up in the company if one so chooses. ", " I say work for this company as a sublet. Maybe a year to 5. but wouldn't advise to make a career choice at amazon! I Had fun an enjoyed my co workers. but did not like the amazon experience as much. ", " Grabbing a cart filled with totes that are filled with items, take the cart to an ill and begin scanning the items and placing them on shelf's that have enough space to place the items on. ", " Depends on the team you are with, work life balance varies. It is all set by senior management. Career advancement varies as well. Have to be very aggressive to be promoted. ", " the people there could care less about one another. for being just a few points away from production you get dropped like 30 points for no reason. not much room to advancement due to easy write ups "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " As a Manager you will work long days (4 on, 3 off) working around 14 hours a day.  You will be in charge a department managing anywhere between 15 associates to 150 associates.  The pay and benefits are really great, but work life balance is hardly existant. ", " Was about getting your numbers and keeping them up. I learn that you have to be fast with finishing a cart when you get it. The management was great. The coworkers was sometime fun but not all the time. There was really no hard part of that job it was fairly easy to me. I enjoyed the work. ", " Great place to work for young workers. Great place for college students. Most employees are in their twenties and thirties. Great pay and benefits for full time employees. ", " Amazon is an excellent place to work; the management teams are approachable, cordial and eager to help you succeed. A typical day at work entails team start up meeting, success tips for the day, then order fulfillment. The most enjoyable parts of the job are the team members and the actual order picking process; because its just like personal shopping.  Truthfully there aren't any hard parts to the job..crazy right? :) ", " Amazon is a very fast moving Place. I like to look at it like a beehive everyone is working hard toward a common goal. Customer satisfaction is the number 1 concern at amazon. ", " A typical day at work is working hard and completing assignments.  My co-workers are dependable and trustworthy, hence, we work as a team and we make each other job easier.  My most enjoyable part of the day is the end of the day knowing that you have done a good job and have completed all assignments. ", " Amazon is a fast growing company.  You are surrounded by smart people everyday, there's definitely a lot to learn.  But it's hard to find work life balance. ", " This company offered me a lot with regards to my field of work. Even though my time with Amazon.com was short I was able to learn so much within the short period I was with them. ", " i will never work amazon again. management is the worst they play on their computers or chasing young girls around than doing thier job ", " Fast paced environment, diverse group of people, strict safety and production guidelines, hard work. Great place to work, everyone is friendly, and management is good. ", " 10 hour work days, 4 days a week leaves you with a 3 day weekend. Employees start the day with stretches and being informed of what the workload looks like for the current shift. Then, you proceed to your work station to pack items, power industrial truck to obtain items from up to 45 feet in the air, or to where your scanner is telling you to pick up an item on the ground from the hundreds of shelves. 2 hours later, you get a 10 minute break. then it's back to the grind. About 2 and a half hours later, it's lunch time, which you get 30 minutes for. After that, more stretches, and a progress report of how well your shift has done and how much the shift has left to go. About 2 and a half hours after that, another 10 minute break. Then back to the grind for the final and longest push of the day. ", " need more stability in several departments and areas of the facility!  a typical day at wok in amazon is very fast paced and confusing as well. while trying to meet quotas to trying to meet requirements for other things managment  tells you, tyoure constantly going to other departments to help out.   management is corrupt! alot of favortism! co workers are amazing ppl to work with! most enjoyable part of my job is my co workers and also seeing everything amazon does handle.] hardest part of the job is the enviroment youre in. some parts of the building are dark depressing . and the work gets boring. ", " The job was fun and exciting, the co workers was really nice and fun to get along with, they were helpful. Management was also helpful. T he most enjoyable part of the job was moving around to each conveyor belt and helping them out. ", " It was a fun place to work. Management team was a Okay, co workers was nice and helpful. I learned a lot about working in a warehouse. ", " Management was perfect, they were understanding and handled everything with proper work ethics. The hardest part of the job was adjusting to the long work days. The most enjoyable part about working for Amazon was the coworkers and managers encouraging you to do better, as well as helping you when you need assistance. ", " Management was perfect, they were understanding and handled everything with proper work ethics. The hardest part of the job was adjusting to the long work days. The most enjoyable part about working for Amazon was the coworkers and managers encouraging you to do better, as well as helping you when you need assistance. Amazon is very flexible, and a nice place to work. With the laid back dress code its makes the day easier to get through and more comfortable. ", " stressful, some departments better than others my dept was the best everyone got along well. group atmosphere. total of 40 hrs pto spread out through 6 months. ", " The lack ok communication between production and shifts makes it hard to be successful for the common associate.   Management is very detailed oriented when it comes to numbers. So if you are a person and you live day to day as a person why do you feel like just a number as soon as you punch in?  After 2 yrs it feels as if the company knows that the entry level position will feel non rewarding for the common associate. So they start offering different incentives to drive you into a different career path. ", " It was a very difficult job which ordered you to be very active and fit and on your feet all the time. But the pay was good and you got to make new friends who worked with you. ", " It's a department store that thinks it's a warehouse.  Breaks are too short. Discount is a joke. Co-workers play around too much and don't get in trouble. Management doesn't have a clue to what they are doing. They train you by showing you how to do it once and then look at you funny when you have to ask a question.  Not a good place to work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I really like to working for Amazon and I like shopping there too. It was always something new when I went to work and learned a lot everyday. ", " very good and safe place some minor problem with money . i work for amazon but with one  very bad agency deva. i want to work again with amazon but and another agency not deva ", " a great company with a lot of different type of products. I would say the hardest part about the job is standing for 10 hours. I enjoed the friendly people ", " Typical day at work : \tSupporting team of Electrical Engineers and Mechanical Engineers responsible for safe and reliable data center operation.  \tPerform and supervise preventive maintenance and calibration of data center equipment and systems.       \tSchedule and supervise HVAC, generator, and electrical systems maintenance.  \tUpgrade and utilize Data Center HVAC system to meet requirements.   \tOperating and monitoring data center critical functions in order to meet Service Level.  \tResponding to emergency alarms and dispatching help.   \tMonitoring alarms from BMS, PRITCHETT and POWERLOGIC control systems.   \tHandling any issues related to Building Management System (BMS), Data Center AHU, CRAC units and Chillers. ", " working with amazon makes you focused and motivated  to achieve your target for the day because its a customer focused company the needs and demands of all customers are paramount at all times. its always very busy because we attend to thousands of customers daily, team work is very important. the hardest part of the job is you are on your feet through out your shift and the most enjoyable is you get to work with team mates you can call friends at the end of the day because we assist each other. ", " I would count the quantity of items in the bins How to count faster and more accurately Good communication between the mangers and myself if I needed help I could go to my Tier 3 manager easily If they needed help I would direct them to a manager Staying up from 12:30am till 5:30am Meeting new people and the pay check ", " A typical day involved working with people over the phone at a steady pace, inside of a comfortable, well-lit building surrounded by my team, with free coffee and popcorn waiting at breaks and lunches. I learned how to work with others, including refilling the coffee and popcorn machines. The management is nice and eager to help. The hardest part was the sheer variety of options available for customer assistance and having to remember them all. The best parts of the job were the aforementioned free concessions and use of their untethered computers for free use. ", " Alot of the time I felt taken care of, all the staff were helpful and I felt like my voice was heard. HR always listens and they take every injury seriosuly no matter how small.  Cons are you have a better chance at peak season as they have an agency hire you first then they dump you after if they don't need you. ", " A typical day at Amazon was going through security scanners to come in to work. all the employees meet up at their stand up station to get our jobs for the day. My job consist of walking all day. I learned how to use scanning guns and how some machines work while working in the warehouse. Some of the management were good people and some were strict. I had fun co-workers, some would talk and laugh with me and teach me how I should do something right if i didn't know how to do something. The Hardest part of the job is by the end of the day your feet would be hurting for walking on them all day. My most enjoyable part of the job is scanning Items that I seen that I wanted to buy and losing weight. ", " Support in the development of a strong culture of health and safety practices and initiatives, through the compliance with legislation and policy. Assist with the training of new associates to ensure they have the right knowledge to carry out tasks required. ", " If you need money and don't plan on living (both socially and in terms of life expectancy) then this is a place for you. You work hard, work long, and work consistently. That is, until you become less cost efficient than the constantly cycling brigade of temp workers. You'll hurt, feel neglected, feel used, and quickly lose a sense of identity. If you like struggling and feeling absolutely helpless, apply now; the turnover rates is so remarkable that they can find a spot for you, no problem! ", " Pros: Lots of room for advancement, good pay  Cons: poor communication from management, not a good job if you don't want to move around, poor work life balance ", " I work as an inbound dock worker. Runs smoothly. Nice environment. Made a lot of new friends. Got trained on forklift and cherry picker. ", " My typical day at work is to receive all the boxes and scan in all the products coming into the building. I've learned good communication skills and to always make customers your number one priority. Amazon is a very large warehouse and there are many different type of co-workers there. I have learned to be a good team player and get along with each one of them. Amazon has a great management. They are always trying to do whats best for not only customers, but the employers too.  The hardest part of the job is to be standing in one spot for 10-12 hours a night. The enjoyable part is working with many different types of people and there's always something new going on. ", " Atypical day at work was very busy. At a constant rapid pace, you needed to pick up an order paper and get a cart, follow your scanner to the desired aisle in the warehouse and get the product. After retrieving the items on the sheet, you take your full cart and return it to the drop zone.  After you drop it off, you get an empty cart and start all over. I learned how to better manage my time to keep up with my rate. For the most part, management was nice.  They listened if you had any problems or suggestions, and tried their best to help. There were so many coworkers in the warehouse with me.  I didn't get to meet most of them, but the few friends I made were very great and helpful.  The hardest part of the job was being on my feet all day long.  You are constantly moving all over the warehouse, wherever the scanner told you to go.  The warehouse was very dusty and dirty as well.  A lot of coughing at times but the cleaning crew tried to keep up with it.  The most enjoyable part was having three days off in a row and making good money so I could do fun things on those days. ", " This team will kill your soul. They encourage bad behavior (excessive drinking) and leadership goes out of their way to make things more difficult for you so you will burn out and leave quickly. The strategy here seems to be to hire young new college grads and tempt them with stock that won't vest for years, then burn you out with 60-80 hour work weeks before your stock can vest. ", " This is a very good company who treats employees very well ,there is a lot of room for improvement .a very safety oriented company. ", " This job was not hard at all. I enjoyed the work that needed to be done, along with the employees that i worked with; however, the management of the building could have needed some work. They didn't stay focused on keeping everyone working on an even pace. Those that did work had to pick up the slack of those that really didn't want to be there. Third shift wasn't a bad haul to make money, but i didn't get to be with my family as much as i would like too. I did learn to work as a team with others in my department. Working with others helps the night go by quicker. ", " Hard work in a warehouse with variable temperatures. Co-workers are generally easy to get along with.  New skill training comes to those who are in good with management, not necessarily those who are deserving.  Amazon DOES NOT promote management (area managers, OPS, etc) from within. ", " i did enjoy working here, I learned some warehoude skills and health and safety skills about working in the warehouse although I found lunch time very unreasonable. 30 mins was not long enough considering the amount of people waiting on lunch "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Everyday I scanned items using scanners, placed items in totes, and placed the totes on conveyors. I've learned to pick the right items and increase my pace. The managers were nice, helpful, and understanding of my situations. Some co-workers were mean and rude, but others were good and polite. I hardly spoke to my coworkers because I was always busy. The hardest part of the job was being timed trying to find the correct items and dealing with some of the mean and rude co-workers and people sometimes being in my way. The most enjoyable part of the job was listening to music, and the job was pretty laid back. I liked my job. It was also peaceful. ", " I was hired to work at Amazon through Integrity Staffing Solutions, Amazon is their only client. I thought I was on my way to being hired as a Amazon associate. However despite being trained on Clamp-truck two days before I was let go on December 21st. It wasn't just me of the 250 employees working through Integrity all but 4 were let go that day. ", " I loved the job a lot but unfortunately the only downside to it was the fact of it being seasonal only. the work was fulfilling, and the co-workers and managers were very team oriented and friendly. The hardest part of the job was also the most fun since we were being timed and posted on how fast our stocking speed was. ", " At amazon my job was to pick,pack and stow items into the warehouse. I learned to receive items into the warehouse also to put items away. Management was good also they were very hands on and made my job very easy for me. There training classes were very helpful. I worked with all kids of people and got to meet many new people in the warehouse. We were all team players so it made the work very fun and easy ", " The atmosphere and people at Amazon are great, but the job can be very draining in the long-term. You begin to feel like you live only to be at work, and talking to the same ten archetypes for days on end on the phone can make you want to scream. They do work their best to keep you happy, but unfortunately their best isn't always enough. ", " Was cross trained in various departments including Retail, Amazon Web Services, and Simple Email Services. Also fine tuned correspondence with customers remaining confidential when needed. Developed the inner workings of SES for a better customer experience and for our team, and uploaded notes and team ideas into Sharepoint (database platform) for the entire department to review. ", " I current work at Quidsi/amazon, Amazon took over not too long ago. Since they have taken over the company has took a turn for the worst. The attendance policy is designed to get you fired. They dont care about family life or emergencies. They run a very strick business. They expect more then what is achievable. Their expectations are VERY high, too high. It's like working in a sweat shop. Only positive are the benefits and the pay. ", " My typical day at Amazon was always filled with new and interesting jobs for me to do. I was thought how to pick, run cages, and was licensed on the order picker. I met many amazing and fun people that seemed to have loved the job as much as I did. I wish I was not a temporary worker because working there I felt comfortable, and I actually looked forward to going to work everyday. Also, the management there was spectacular they all knew what they were doing, and kept everyone on task. Over all working there was amazing it was a bit challenging at first but once I got the hang of things I grew to love working there. ", " A good employer with bonuses (VCP) and company stock distributions (RSU). Currently going through some growing pains as the the warehouses in Shepherdsville, KY transition from Zappos management to Amazon. ", " Soon as you walk in amazon it very hot and the exprience where to make sure all the correct items is on the line and out for shipping and then make sure your UPH is up amazon standards. and my co-workers very tired and the hardest about job you had to make sure you pick the right items before u take them to the line and the most enjoyable time was christmas if you pick 300 items you could of home early during christmas hoildays. ", " I like working for amazon but the 10 hour shifts are hard to manage when you have full time school. If they offered a part time job it would be amazing but they dont. The managers are great people and are always worried about other workers so its nice to feel valued in a huge company like amazon. ", " Like any warehouse job, it will require a lot of energy, and endurance. It's not a bad job choice if your seeking to improve your life financially. Management has been in &amp; out which causes lower morale. Co-workers are sometimes friendly but sometimes they segregate themselves with certain people which cause those to feel uncomfortable. The job requires (depending on where you are place in each department) standing, walking, lifting, and sitting for eleven hours. It is a four day job for which you receive three days off. It does have annual employee incentive programs to recognize employees for their effort. Even so, they throw annual events for it's employees. ", " I liked the work was difficult at first to get used to walking 10 miles a day but did help keep me in shape, only real complaint is the pay and the incentive pay. That a lot people really do not try because it is so low why walk so fast it's hard to walk at the end of the day if you only get a paper saying good job, do not get me wrong it's good to know how your doing it would be nice to make enough money to pay basic bills ", " I hated going to work everyday busting my hump just to know that i did not have a chance in the world for advancement in my position and its hard knowing that a company you are working to the bone for does not value you as an associate. ", " AWS technical support for the US and Japanese customers. Technically, new cloud computing business in Japan was hard but fun. The most important thing that I learnt in the company was to have a strong passion to work. The enthusiasm of employees for new business and new technology for customers satisfaction was truly sincere and it was excellent experience for me. However, the management of the department was not so matured in this company. I often had to confront chaos situation. But the company admits that kind of chaos for managers to keep every employee in high motivated leadership. ", " 1. A typical work day, especially during peak, was conducting multiple department trainings, testing, and inputting data.  2. I learned how to multitask. 3. The majority of the managers were great and showed concern and care. 4. My co-workers were great, the hardest part of the job was during peak season, but the enjoyable part of the job was helping new hires and co-workers in accomplishing their goals. ", " Amazon is a easy going job with a tough environment to stay on as a full time worker after the holiday seasons. The jobs you are tasked to do are very repetitive but are also very easy to put to task. You can learn many things from the job if you seek to aim higher on the employment chain as many bottom level jobs are common sense and don't take any skill what so ever to perform. At the time I worked within Amazon we were undertaking 10 hour shifts starting from 7pm and was perfect for everyone to keep both their work and social life separate from each other and yet still have time for them both and came as one of the many perks to the job. ", " Arriving for a 6.30 am start, picking goods using a scanner, then putting goods into a plastic box, scanning the box and sending the box to the packing department.  I learnt how to use bar codes and check items in the picking location were the same as those listed on the scanners. The Management sometimes didn't know where people were and also didn't like you being off the floor for too long, so I felt that a lot of pressure was being put on me when I needed to go to the toilet, not to be too long. My co-workers were good and we worked well together, I enjoyed working as part of a team.  Hours were not conducive to my health and I ended up being signed off sick. ", " I have learned a lot about warehouse work here.  Being able to bounce around and learn whatever job that needs to be done is very enjoyable.  Many people that work there so it made breaks very crowded and hard to find a place to sit.  The management is very important, they pump us up every night before we start our shift.  The most enjoyable part is when we set records for most items processed. ", " Horrible hours, 6 pm to 7 am about 6 days of the week, not to mention too strict on new employees and barely anytime to see family or sleep when you get home. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Stand up meeting to begin the shift where manager talks about the work flow and amount of work expected for the shift. Then head to our stations and begin scanning items and placing them in the corresponding slots for orders. The hardest part of the job is not knowing if you'll have a job when you come into work. There is alot of laying off and instability. They send people home early almost daily due to the lack of work for everyone to do. The most enjoyable part of the job would be the simplicity of the job itself. There's nothing to it and its the same everyday, you just have to maintain speed. ", " When I'm at work I grab U boats of totes and scan each items into bins. With it being a new location management hasn't really done much to show interest in their employees. Hardest part of the job is standing and walking around so much and once its break time you barely have time to rest. Most enjoyable would be making new friends, break time and getting off work. ", " A typical high-volume day can be stressful but it is easily an enjoyable job. Management is supportive and the company is supportive of you. ", " Once arrived in the building you head to your locker to lock up any personal belongings because you cannot bring it on the floor. Then you go to your department and stretch and have a meeting. Once assigned to your job function you log on under your name so they can keep track of your hours. I'm currently in the pantry department and one of my favorite jobs is to pick. My department also deals with the robots also known as a kiva. In the process of picking, the computer gives you the orders you have to pick for the customers. You select the boxes and pick the items then you send the box down the conveyor belt to get packed. Teamwork is a key factor working at amazon, from receiving to shipping, everyone works together to meet the customers needs. ", " If you are lucky enough to have a good manager in a good org, you can have a great experience. This is very rare here. Almost everyone I knew the entire time I was there was overworked to the point of exhaustion. It was not uncommon to receive (and be expected to reply) to emails at 10pm on a Sunday. You are always expected to be available. Sick days are not sick days. They are days that you *only* respond to email from bed. Almost all of the management team will tell you that they believe in work/life balance, but take this with a grain of salt. If you clock out at 6, you will not be promoted. And if you are not promoted after 2 years, they will start to make moves to have you removed. ", " fullfill orders , hot pick special orders and problem solve shipment problems learned working skills with people of different background loved working with my direct management  alot of my co-works were from around the country and world . great meeting new people  hardest part was learning amazons numbering system  loved the fast pace and challenges ", " Amazon has a really good atmosphere to work in. It's a company that values their employees and the employees love their job. The leads work really hard to help people get good metrics. Co-workers are very helpful. Hardest part of the job is dealing with customers that are screaming and not letting you try to help resolve the problem. ", " An absolutely rubbish place to work.....I got disciplined for not being able to arrive on time when I clearly stated that I was going to be late on that particular day 2 weeks previously, and reminded the agency numerous times. I was promised work after xmas only to be told 2 days later that i wasn't needed anymore, about 10 minuted from the end of my shift....nice timing 4 day before xmas. Basically lied to me.  Very short break times (2 x 15min morning and afternoon and 1 x 30 min for lunch) for long hours and absolutely backbreaking work for little or no praise /thanks, moral very low, no communication. Felt like I was a machine, not a person.  Never apply to work for these lot, you'll regret it. ", " EVERYONE THERE WAS VERY NICE AND POLITE. IT IS A CLEAN AND WELL KEPT WAREHOUSE.  THE CLIMATE CONTROAL WAS PERFECT AND VERY NICE !!  I ENJOYED WORKING THERE AND WOULD OF LIKED TO CONTINUE ALL YEAR LONG.  BUT MY HIRE WAS SMX STAFFING AND WE WERE SEASONAL HELP.  THE PAY WAS GOOD BUT BEING TEMP WE HAD NO BENEFITS. ", " I had an amazing time working for this company. Unfortunately i was under a temp agency and was let go after peak season was over. I was cross trained in two different departments. The hardest part of the job was finding space to put everything (i was a stower). I met many new and interesting people with many different nationalities, religions, beliefs, and personalities. ", " Everyday clock in, go to stand up and look at the board to see where you are. Stand up last about 10 mins with stretches. The AM puts their favorites on the easy jobs. they cut breaks short and pop mandatory overtime up on you. they only care about numbers. they make you work holidays. pay tops out in 2 yrs. dead end job. no advancement. ", " I am an honest and enthusiastic person, who takes pride in my appearance and am always polite.  I work well within a group or using my own initiative.  I am hard working, reliable and keen to develop and learn new skills in the workplace.  I am determined and committed to finding employment and have retrained to ensure I have the relevant skills and qualifications needed to carry out this type of work to a high standard.  I enjoy taking on new challenges. ", " Fantastic Company. they gave me the hours I needed while i took care of my child. I worked from home so I only spoke to the manager ", " Really good if you're in need of money, but I'll prefer to starve than go back in there again. At least they rent a bus to take you from your house if you're living far. ", " The job is really easy. Only thing is they have let go of some really great workers but have been rated on speed, instead of replacing them in a different job that may be a better fit for them, they fire them. Not everyone will be able to do a job as better as the next man but it don't mean they can't do another job better. Give them a chance to find what they are better at. ", " I worked the 5.30am to 1.30pm one week and the 1.30 to 9.30 the next, although they were easy shifts it was quite hard adjusting every single week. As an inbound stower the work was quite simple but tedious and not much of a challenge, i would have preferred to have been trained in all aspects of the warehouse to give a bit of variety to the work. Team Leaders were brilliant but didn't see much of management ", " Amazon was a great place to work whilst in the building, I enjoyed my job very much. However there was no job security what so ever. Although I knew it was only a temporary position, they are severely strict on all employees. For example: While working there I had a Chest Infecton, a Kidney Infection, the Flu, and also broke my ribs and was told I couldnt even take a day off to go the hospital to get them checked. So after finishing work at 9pm I then had to book a late night hospital appointment at st Johns to be checked over and given Anti Biotics. I also had to travel home to Livingston before I could book this appointment meaning it was aftet11pm. So i would NOT reccommend working for Amazon CS.! ", " Is I would go to the pack house get our guns and trolleys and start scanning the shelves for items to place into a box and be put onto a belt to go to the packers. How to use the guns. Not great as I was there constantly asking them to change my address since I started and still they did not change. Don't really know as they were mostly Polish Was lifting heavy goods onto the bigger trolleys. Was the job itself walking all day and being your own boss pretty much. ", " Amazon can be a challenging place to work. It has a 100 mph culture and the expectations on employees is very high. However, there are great opportunities to work with some of the brightest and most talented people in the industry and on innovative projects. Few people last more than a couple/few years here, but most move on to bigger and better things because of the experience Amazon provided. ", " A typical day at work for me consists of teamwork, self-confidence, and hard work. My co-workers were very friendly and willing to help when the work became to strenuous. Management also were quick to lend a helping hand and were very sincere and responsible. The hardest part of my job was maintaining the fast pace scanning for all ten hours. The most enjoyable part was actually achieving the quotas  and being acknowledged for it. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Start 18.30 5.00 or 6.00. Apart from breaks mostly constant work. The management were never to be seen UNLESS you did something wrong. Hardest part getting to work (a lot of traveling) and the best the PAY. As the rep said before I started its like marmite love it or hate it,  I loved it. ", " when I first got this job I was so excited, starting pay at 10.00hr I was told we will get a raise every 6 months. this is the longest job I ever had, the work is very easy. the hours is so awesome I actually love this job. until I got bills and I couldn't rely on the hours anymore but its a great job for people who don't have bills at all. ", " Amazon did not want to make anyone full time. Gave only 3-5 hours a day. On December 26, 2014 they fired over 148 employees by phone. This is not a business to work for thinking that you will be advancing in positions. ", " amazon its a fun job you get to learn alot of different stuff  I learned how to actually stow and the hardest part of the job its being standing and walking for 10 hours and I love to work 4 das a week . ", " A lot of smart people. Definitely a good experience. My favorite part is mentorship: define the area that you'd like to improve, find the mentor  and work hard to excel yourself. ", " Work Task oreinted. No room for mistakes.Leadership is mostly run by college student with no life experince and very little people skills.  Very hard on the feet and very loud. Often time asked to volunteer leave because they want to keep labor extremley down. ", " to be blunt. Not worth the drive for the money nor the aggravation.  unless you standing around for 10 hours packing boxes in station covered in tape, labels and trash covered floors then this job is for you.  decent 401k, alright benefits, but the starting pay is the same pay rate for a retail job ( 12 An hour), so this or may or may not cover your personal expenses. ", " Probably the most telling incident was an all hands meeting where they asked how many people (in a room of 550) had been working here for the last 2 years. It was supposed to be a \"pep talk\", but maybe...just maybe 10-12 people clapped.  The workplace is set up so your body lasts about 3-4 months. You have to be hired by their \"temp\" staffing agency first. Then at the 89th day I magically got my conversion letter and became an Amazon employee. This is so they don't have to worry about the majority of people (that last just days/weeks) getting any health benefits through SMX or Amazon. Quite a little system.  I'm a hard worker, grew up in a farming family. This is not \"hard work\", it's impossible work long term. That's exactly the way it's set up, to take advantage of out of work people in need hoping they can make the best of it. Not possible, I did 752 totes in a time frame where 500 was considered 100%, Supervisor walks by right at the last seconds of my shift when I'm getting even more slammed with no help and laughs saying \"Stay after and clear at least half of this line\" as if I was slacking. I did. See management has a quota to meet too, but instead of helping the individual worker to where they can make it in the next day and be productive it's more important to just run down the big horses they have because the company is built for you to never succeed long term.   I suggest you work here as stop gap to get to your next job if you have to. But keep your head up high knowing the climate is to just use you, but you're looking and leaving here for a real job you can ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> be proud of. ", " The company just cares about money and not too much the employees. Their greatest concern is rate and if you do not hit rate you will get written up. Majority of the time you do not get acknowledged about your hard work until after the fact. ", " This is a great job for someone looking to have a fast paced job and loose track of time while working. The work shift goes by quickly. ", " This place will work with you if you are ethic group of people. You will get extra breaks if you are of that religion.They have there pick of the group in the area who get to bend the rules and nothing is said. ", " a typical day at work: clock in, grab scanner for fast start, do daily stretches than start picking.what i learned was how to work in a fast pace environment.all my coworker were very friendly.the most enjoyable part of the job was knowing the customer is gonna get there product on time. ", " The people are really what make working at Amazon fun. They do need to learn to promote people who excel at their jobs. I don't believe in the whole \"Too important to promote.\" thing. ", " picking orders and packing them. I learned that amazon cares more about their customers than they do about their employees. the management there was not very inclined to listen to employees to fix certain problems and sometimes made the job more difficult. the hardest part of the job is having to deal with incompetent managers on a daily bases. the most enjoyable part of the day is seeing some of your fellow employees. ", " A typical day was long and fast paced. I learned that time management is very important. My managers and co workers were helpful. They always checked on the employees gave tips on work. The hardest part of my job was balancing school and work. I enjoyed the effort that was put into work. ", " I pack and wrap customers orders I handle inventory as well as the vendors supplies. I stack boxes on the truck to be delivered ", " taking boxes off the line, using a package to package scanning method to ensure a quality product. safety driven warehouse ", " Everyday was something different and the people i worked with took they time explaining everything in detail so i got to doing things pretty fast. ", " Amazon was a great place to work. I enjoyed working with my co workers. The pay was excellent and I could work as much overtime I wanted. ", " One screw up and you can be gone. My managers were pretty great but as a whole the management at Amazon is horrible. Avoid this place if you can. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazons a great company to work for, I would start my shift early set up roster and where each person is assigned to. Hand out rates and productivity goals. had also trained opps the direct hired opps management in tasks. ", " Clean place to work, a lot of people to associate with and well managed. Its a well rounded distribution center with excellent logistics. ", " It's a typical call center environment. They pay is decent, and the benefits are great. The quality of management varies, although they claim to all be calibrated on how issues are handled. Management won't even consider interviewing you unless your resume is perfect to their standards, even if you are more qualified than other applicants. Most co-workers are fun, but some will find anything to complain about, and others don't understand basic hygiene. If you have a family or participate in activities outside of work, this job may not be for you The shifts are unreasonable unless you're in management, and they often assign you mandatory overtime with only a 24 hour notice. The break room is very nice. There is books, board games, video games, movies, and a really neat self service store. ", " a typical day at work will be long and full of hard work. management does a great job tending to employees. the hardest part about working for amazon is standing on your feet all day but it is worth it, this was a great place of employment! ", " As it a very well known company that delivers products all over the UK not only that but also, they have opened their branches outside UK too. services are very good and fast. ", " When I first started at Amazon I was having a hard time but after being there for awhile I built relationships with coworkers and made it through. ", " Amazon has the potential to be a great company to work for but as long as they promote from the outside and not from within and utilize the people who actually know the job inside and out it will it will remain a place where the only thing that matters is what the numbers say on a printout never really knowing the people that make that place function ", " From the outside looking in, you might think Amazon is a good company to work for, but that's not exactly the case. There is a lot of workplace drama between the coworkers. The way you can get ahead is by sucking up to the managers and the people in HR. Also, they require so much hard work from you throughout the day, but you don't get paid enough for the work we put in. ", " I just started some managers are okay (Thur/Fri/Sat) Sunday managers are excellent. This is demanding physical work. My body is exhausted. I'm exhausted mentally and physically. Short short breaks. Very strict . Decent pay ", " I liked working here a lot. Having to deal with immature people and not being able to balance regular life with work life made me leave. The work is super easy but there is a lot of it. ", " I enjoyed my time with Amazon. It is a great place to work. The co-workers and management are very involved and helpful. The hardest part of the job is sitting for long periods of time. Almost all the customers are friendly and very appreciative. ", " Althought the days work at Amazon were long and the back to back shifts were exhausting, i always found myself feeling forfilled at the end of the day. The management were fantastic and i was able to meet amazing people and see the sights of Amazon too. ", " Amazing Company, great culture and leadership principles, good teams across departments and corporate culture, there  is a lot of multitasking to be done it doesn't matter if it is part of your job description you have to help ", " The work involved in an Amazon facility is not hard at all. It can easily be done. However, the management can make or break the job. If the management is good, the job will be enjoyable and the environment will be positive and supportive. If the management is bad, the environment is slow and they make you feel useless. The coworkers range from students to the elderly and are genuinely kind and fun to be around. The job is fairly light in terms of labor, but can become labor intensive if you are not perpared. The repetition of the job eventually begins to affect your perfomance. ", " One of the best jobs that I have ever had. I wish I could have stayed longer than I did. Great pay and wonderful experience. They truly care about their employees. ", " Excellent Customer Service with the occasional bad customer. working at a call center you learn how to talk to people. management is always spot on when it comes to assistance. benefits and extra is what drives the company to be the best call center place around. ", " Amazon offers a lot of hopes and dreams but does not live up to there reputation and expectations. There were to many shot callers and not enough hands on effort. Frequent unmentioned schedule changes bad hours not to mention the fact that there are several days during the week that voluntary time off is made mandatory and the only way to get paid is by using vacation or paid time to guarantee that my bills get paid. ", " Very fast pace work environment Strict scheduling Strict attendance policy Great Pay Physically demanding Good benefits Long shifts Good opportunity for overtime ", " Pick/Pack/Sort/Ship/Receive in a fast pace environment .I learn to be more confident in my leadership skills. I get along with anyone. Had no issues with co worker because my job came first before issues. Hardest part of my day...there was really no hard part of my day The most enjoyable part was having the chance to  be cross trained in many department because I learned quickly ", " Enjoyed working at Amazon, kept me very busy and on my toes. Don't agree with being paid off for having to take time off with illness during pregnancy. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " best place too work, Demonstrates positive work attitude and leadership skills -Demonstrates excellent job performance in productivity, quality, safety, and attendance  -Demonstrates a commitment to a culture of safety ", " A typical day would consist of heavy lifting and walking for long periods of time over a long distance. I learned how to operate within a warehouse environment, along with the health and safety proceedures that need to be followed. My co-workers were keen to help, and management was very approachable. I found the hardest part of the job was The late finishes as the shift did notr finish until midnight. However within a week or two, I had adapted to this and learnt how to use my time productively when outside of work. I mostly enjoyed the area of work known as 'Kick Outs', this is where all the packages that had problems would be sent, and they need to be sorted into the correct departments. ", " A typical day at work consumed of meeting at stand-up and getting our assingments then we stretch and start work. The management was very helpful and nice. The co-workers were nice and friendly. The hardest part about the job was trying to keep your rate up with limited space on shelfs. The most enjoyable part of work was getting to meet new people and making sure the customers got the right order and on time. ", " Hard work in a warehouse with variable temperatures. Co-workers are generally easy to get along with.  New skill training comes to those who are in good with management, not necessarily those who are deserving.  Amazon DOES NOT promote management (area managers, OPS, etc) from within. ", " Make sure you ask about oncall duty. Even software developers need to carry a pager all the time. And it's not a fun thing when you get paged several times per night. Environment is so so. Technologies used is so so. It also depends a lot in your group. My group just uses dated stuff. ", " \uf0a7\tProvided Level II technical support for Kindle devices \uf0a7\tDelivered customer service regarding online purchases, returns, and refunds \uf0a7\tGathered, analyzed, and provided recommendations for process improvements \uf0a7\tFulfilled duties as they were requested of me \uf0a7\tMaintained an exemplary customer satisfaction rate \uf0a7\tProved my leadership abilities through promotions and peer to peer performance coaching   ", " ONLY 30% OF THE ORIGINAL DIRECT HIRES FROM THE OPENING ARE STILL WORKING THERE AND THIS NUMBER COULD BE LOWER. DOES THIS TELL YOU ANYTHING. BACKSTABBING IS AN ISSUE DO TO THE FACT THAT MANY OF THE INDIVIDUALS THERE HAVE LOW E/Q. IF YOU WANT TO HAVE ANY OF THE HOLIDAYS OFF OTHER THAN XMAS AND THANKSGIVING YOU HAVE TO USE PERSONAL AND/OR VACATION TIME. VACATION IS EARNED NOT GIVEN IN CHUNCKS. VALIUM IS REQUIRED DURING THE PEAK SEASON TO DEAL WITH THE PARKING LOT AND THE CHAOS  THAT COMES WITH THE HOLIDAYS. IT IS SO BAD THERE INDIVIDUALS DON'T EVEN WISH EACH OTHER A MERRY XMAS SUCH AS SHAKING HANDS INCLUDING THE MANAGEMENT. ", " My typical day at work is to receive all the boxes and scan in all the products coming into the building. I've learned good communication skills and to always make customers your number one priority. Amazon is a very large warehouse and there are many different type of co-workers there. I have learned to be a good team player and get along with each one of them. Amazon has a great management. They are always trying to do whats best for not only customers, but the employers too.  The hardest part of the job is to be standing in one spot for 10-12 hours a night. The enjoyable part is working with many different types of people and there's always something new going on. ", " On a typical day I deal with calls doing technical support for our customers with regards to downloading music,movies and games from our website.  I learnt different ways to troubleshoot software issues and expanded my technical knowledge.  Management works well and allows us to make decisions for ourself with regards to assisting our customers.   My co-workers and me work as as team and gel well like a family to help each other with the work load.  The hardest part of my job would be when you not able to assist a client due to not having enough information from the client to assist them.  The best part of my is the people I work with and the work environment, ", " Amazon was gonna be the job that made life better.  I would be working with an internet giant and the pay was better than other warehouse jobs.  It started off great with lots of training and moves to get people crosstrained for promotion.  Then it just stopped.  Training for new positions dried up, hirings for new positions were all from outside the company. Management are a joke as they expect certain goals to be met but don't understand the job themselves.  Completely unrealistic goals from someone who hasn't spent a minute doing the job themselves. In all of my time there, I have applied for 17 jobs and been interviewed once.  There is NO advancement at the Indy location.  Very frustrating ", " typical day was a quick meeting about the shift,then its picking items for different customers.I learnt how to setup and use a scanner and read the different lables and i realised i can do different kinds of work.The management were nice and helpful so were my co workers there was not a hard part of the job but i did enjoy keeping busy and the lunchs. ", " A typical day at Amazon is very demanding.  I have learned that you are really not a person but a number to them as that is where all of the emphasis for this job is at.  Management is OK but they do play favorites a lot.  There is no music to listen to and you basically do not talk to anyone for almost 10 days out of your day.  Things are promised to employees and then they go back on their word.  Contests are done but management are usually the winners and not the everyday employee.  The hardest part of the job is being on your feet and walking for almost 10 hours a day. ", " I worked hard. I had a problem with management because they played favorites. They let people drink on the job. When it was reported no one did anything about it.   I like the job because I got exercise. There was always work that needed to be done. I felt good knowing I was part of the company and making a difference, ", " everyone is so help full and friendly if we pick more items than any one in our are we get rewarded with gift cards we get pizza for doing such a great job ", " Human Resources/Operations Manager   Manage timekeeping system for full time and temporary associates   Identify, track and reconcile missing punches   Ensure proper coding for time for all associates   Attend weekly performance counseling meeting   Maintain proper level of counseling path for temporary and full time associates   Provide all reports for upper management   Assist with all daily employee needs   New Hire Onboarding/Orientations   New Hire/ Random Drug Testing   Excellent Human Resource Management Skills   Health, Vision and Dental benefits, 401K , Workers Compensation, FMLA, LOA / Personal Medical leave.   Excellent Computer Knowledge ", " clocken in and getting your day duties you learned all type of things shipping packing new people how to do diffrent jobs the most hardest was the first day learing how to do the work but after uh few hours and day are two you was a pro of it the most enjoyable in have uh good job ", " Amazon is one of the best companies to work for in the country. They have great values and always put the customer first. A typical day is very busy and fast paced while learning something new everyday. Management and coworkers all work together to make sure all employees are performing at a high level. Most enjoyable part of the job is Beer Fridays and Tatonka. ", " a typical day at work would be collecting my radio and forklift keys in the morning then a printed copy of pallet locations that have too  come down for pickers to pick for customer orders . after the sheet is complete and bulk pallets that come into the biulding have too be put up into the high racking . usually left too my own devices sometimes the work can be a bit hectic at peak times but nothing that cant be dealt with  ", " Amazon is a good place to work, the most I like they have flexible  schedule and you have voice.  They try you with respect, nobody can lose their temper not matter what you can be fare. Some job is easy to make a rate, some I can't handle.  They work about production and date line, is a little hard to work 10/4 doing the same process. ", " Started out on order picker where i got items out of the racks to get ready for shipping.Did that everyday for about three and half months.Then got moved over to rr reach where i was pulling pallets off the racks.They called it team liftbecause i had a partner who help me pick up the heavy items.Toughest part was getting forks inside the pallets fast and safe getting the items downs with out anything falling off.This being challenging as it was i learned to use my partner eyes as well as mine to safely secure everything.Seeing my production rate higher than 100% 98.7percent of the time was nice.and management showed there appreciation by giving out rewards "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day at work was logging in on the system and answering calls, checking e-mails to see latest updates on products or promotions. I learnt how to be cautious of time, always be alert of changes, thinking on your feet and being passionate about good customer service. Management was very down to earth, always willing to assist at all times. We worked as a team with my co-workers, always assisting each other. Hardest part of the job was having to deal with impatient and sometimes not so friendly customers. Most enjoyable part of the job was having team meetings and our managers getting us refreshments and ofcourse dressing up for Halloween. ", " While working from home would seem like  a dream, I felt the isolation of the situation was to much. Amazon did very little in the way of trying to create a culture to give the employee stability.Most mornings there were no managers available. It was difficult to get anyone on the line if you were having computer issues.If you had to wait for IT , you were to clock out and that time was logged against you, even though you were to stay at you computer on hold with Amazon till a technical rep was available. I enjoyed the job , but the isolation and policies such as the one I mentioned took away from the position. ", " Stand up, with stretches to get ready for work.  Find job duty for day. Learned how to do all kinds of different jobs.  Management is fair, sometimes we get some right out of college, that have no clue what they are doing.  They do learn fast.  I like a lot of my co-workers, sometimes they make the day go so good.  There is always some that are having a bad day, but that's ok.  I just go with the flow. The hardest part is climbing 2 flights of stairs, when I hadn't done it in a while. I like working with people and getting the job done.  Mostly when management tells us at noon standup that we are at or above 100% to goal.  When I have to sign a paper from the office telling me I was a 100% or more. ", " after initualy signing on for work (picking) time goes past as always busy security and health and safety very inportant on sight always there to help if needed and management understanding co-workers all of good standing hardest part of job, the distance between job picks in locations ie walking. fulfilment in achieving assingment's ", " work hard its worth it...if your lazy don't even apply Raises every 6 months  .75 cent diff. for nights  pays for school  I had one good manager and then the rest sucked but its a job go there to work not to make friends and you will make decent money ", " A typical day would be having a co-worker talk about how the days going to go, then do some stretches. Then we would go to a station and build boxes up and then pack single items into that box then tape it up and send it down the line. I learned fast working, team work, and motivation. The hardest part about it was standing for 12 hours for 5 or 6 days straight. ", " My work days are very busy from the minute I walk in to work till the time I leave. I have at least 3 meetings and at most 5 meetings through out the day with senior management or business users. My co-workers are friendly and supportive. The management has very high expectations of their employees. Everything is always a very urgent matter and things need to fixed almost immediately. This I would say is the hardest part of my job. Everything that I am working on is extremely urgent and in need of immediate attention. But it is this environment that has provided me with the perfect atmosphere to increase my knowledge base. I learned something new everyday which is a very enjoyable experience for me. ", " Typical day at work would start off with a quick 5 minute briefing on how the shift was life before and what it would be like after shift. I learnt many different tasks as I was multi trained. The management was a bit off as they were all over the place. My co-workers were easy to get on with. Sometimes the hardest part of the job was trying to reach targets. The most enjoyable part of my job was being able to work with friends. ", " My associates made my day go by so quick.  Even though   we worked a 10 to  11 hour  shift  on a regular basis the fun we had made the day go by quickly. ", " I like to push myself hard , meeting targets gives me motivation has well has people skills and working beside a team or on my own .   I found the hardest part of my job was having a time limit of 60 seconds to complete a pick order then move on to the next order but I enjoyed it has it kept me on my feet.   I liked the different type of people who worked with me everyday was so different and I enjoyed it. ", " Review the work forecasts and determine your productivity requirements to produce during the day to meet the overall building objectives.Partner with other Area Managers to balance labor ensuring that you are operating a balanced and efficient shift while meeting all of your goals. learned about how a kiazen works. ", " I enjoy working in a team player environment. Amazon is a very fast pace working environment. The hardest part of working at Amazon is working their peak season. I worked twelve hours days (60 hours work week for 3 months). The most enjoyable part of working at Amazon is being able to work as a team and meet the deadline for the orders so that the customers orders will arrive to them in the time stated. ", " Management wasn't that bad, although they were unfair at times. There was also some favoritism, certain employees didn't have to work as hard. I learned about the functions of a warehouse. Sometimes it was difficult to make rate and I enjoyed some of the people I worked with. ", " lot of people are working, you can meet new people, just hurt legs after first days. but i learned to use scanner, i found some friends. and they pay good money ", " Amazon.com prides itself on being the Most Customer Centric Company in the world. The ideals and the values it instills in its associates drives people to want be better, with any rewards or added value going to the benefit of the customer. Definitely a productive and rewarding career choice. ", " not a good job,  warehouse to far away,  not organised well and they expect too much from workers too stricked with breaks and clocking in if you are one minute late you get points if you get too many points you lose your job no matter your circumstances. ", " I was always told if you have nothing nice to say then it is best that you say nothing at all.  I had high hopes when I started there then reality set in.  That is all I will say about Amazon. ", " *On your feet moving around at a rapid pace *What I learned is how to be better warehouse worker *We barely saw management throughout the day especially when working hard all day *Co-workers are all participants in helping each other on a daily basis *Staying active on your feet all day with out many breaks can give some serious wear &amp; tear *Knowing that you are apart of the company &amp; someone receiving their package in the mail, on time ", " I was a lead in ICQA shift 2 for 3 yrs. I seldom see my manager(s), so I do all the decision on nights. My co-workers respected me as their lead, because I worked with them. I do cycle counting and do problem solving too. Whenever I had new associates I always give them respect, and never under estimate them, because you don't know what's their capabilities. I always enjoy my job, especially when I accomplished or hit my goal that day. The hardest part of my job was when I don't see my manager and no e-mails, so I do all the decision makings that day or that week, but I always make it right , and always survived :) .... ", " a typical day at work: ICC ticket resolvment, communication between branches and managmet team, close teamwork inn solving problems. what you learned: patience and how to be a good team lead management: supportive and motivating your co-workers: amazing the hardest part of the job: there wasn't one :) the most enjoyable part of the job: Self development "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I work at one of their distribution warehouses.  An easy job but they seem to be one of those employers that will give people with arrest records a second chance.  Now that can be a good and a bad thing.  I am all for giving people a second or even a third chance to get their act together and be a productive member of society.  With that being said some of their employees are literally right off of the corner so some of them use some very coarse language when speaking.  You know \"F\" this and \"N\" word that and I'm not sure some of them are the kind of people who would return your wallet if they found it laying on the floor if you know what I mean. ", " They act like you have a chance in staying and then when the busy season is over they cancel work like no problem. They do have lots of rewards and prizes through the winter season. ", " Amazon was an workout with them, its alot of walking to do  My co-worker was good Hardest part at amazon was waking up in the morning knowing u ready stand on your feet for 10hours straight ", " If you like benefits and work hard, and don't like to socialize than this is the place for you. Management needs work, miscommunication every chance they get, hardest part of the job is the miscommunication, and I have learned nothing from this job, most enjoyable would probably be the benefits steady schedule, weekends off, stocks, paid time and vacation time off. ", " FUN PLACE TO WORK AT, ALWAYS POSITIVE NEVER INTERACTED SO MUCH WITH MANAGERS THEY ARE LIKE NEVER AROUND BUT EVERYTHING ELSE IS GOOD ", " a typical day at Amazon was 12hour shift learned how hitting personal rate effect the whole department management was friendly supportive on getting the job done. the hardest part was the walking distance to break and break room. the enjoyable part was the encouragement of the management to stay on task and hit our rates and always tell us good job ", " I enjoy working at amazon. I was able to learn a lot in my time of shadowing the Receive Dock Clerk. Co workers were all extremely hard working and easy to be around. ", " Easy work tasks Constantly learning new things Colleagues are always a pleasure to work with Management is structured and fair ", " Working 10 hours a day, 4 days a week was great because I always had a 3-day weekend. Knowing that everything that I did during my schedule directly affected customers worldwide. ", " Hardest parts of this job are managing time off, standing for long periods of time doing repetitive work, and making rate. Depending on which department you are in determines what a typical day at work consists of.  It is important to be well acquainted with your managers and HR in order to do well.  The most enjoyable part of the job is getting to know the people that work with you. ", " outstanding Company to work for I think. Co-workers were cool to work with I learned some much about the company. Work wasn't as hard and Management was petty good. I enjoyed coming to work each day. ", " great day..great people and good work place..nothing really just work hard and have fun...clean work place at all times ", " Friendly people but they only hire pt (20 hour a week). Not enough to live off of if you have a family. Fun place to work but more for a high school or college person to live of the minium pay checks. ", " Not for lazy people.  All types of people and most managers are willing to work with you. Liberal benefits.  They will cross train you for different departments and offer transfer frequently. ", " They take great care in training you to prepare yourself to meet quotas.  It gets very hectic during the popular gift giving holidays, but they usually hire more people during those times to take the stress off you to meet the higher quotas.  The break times are sufficient for the pace of work and they are very flexible with your personal schedule. ", " I really enjoyed working here. Everyone was helpful towards each other. I learned a lot from working here. I was usually working alone everyday. ", " But shortly after getting hired, upper management was replaced with a cutthroat group of managers. As we were told in a meeting: \"If Data Center Technicians were smart they wouldn't be working in a data center\" among other disrespectful gems.  The department couldn't motivate people with low pay and long hours, so they deliberately crippled the work conditions as a motivation.  The WORK was excellent, but management leaves quite a lot to be desired.  The pay is not high enough to deal with the many other inconveniences of working 100 miles from the nearest city. ", " Assisted sellers with issues with the Seller Central platform. The job is stressful, as you are walking people over the phone on how to do things and they can become upset in an instant. ", " I worked from home for Amazon.com but followed a set schedule. took inbound calls from customers resolving any ordering errors or any help navigating the website. ", " The place is good when it comes to giving you the right pay, but management lacks with their employees and their system of doing things need to be addressed. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The center was a well functioning building it was the largest id ever seen and they had all of the bacies covered for the most part as far as keeping things running. They had a guy for any and every possible problem thad did or could ever occor. ", " - My most current workplace was such a fun and hard working environment where you get to meet new people and learn the fast pace of meeting targets set by the company.  - would say I learn how to achieve product demand with fast and proactive way.  - managing the product and item is highly valuable - My co workers are always friendly while at work - The hardest part of the work is that you have to meet targets or even exceed targets each day at work - The most enjoyable part of the Job is that during break hours you get to meet all the workers from different departments and communicate whatever you need to talk about with them which makes it pleasant. ", " its ok. long hours and no life but the money was good. i think if you are going to apply for this job be ready to not have time for anything else. ", " I was so proud to be hired by Amazon, but then I got there and the miserable, depressing reality set it. If you are the kind of employee that gets motivated by getting written up (even for things that aren't ultimately your fault due to sheer ignorance/inexperience) then Amazon may be for you. Breaks seem far and few in between and short, because you have to walk hundreds of yards to a break area more times than not.   For the position I held mind numbing mindless repetition was the order of the day with very little human contact. Have a question or concern? You manager is most likely nowhere to be found. In fact you might only see him/her when they come up to give you negative feedback or to write you up. Little to no positive reinforcement/encouragement. This was the first job I've ever had where they showed us an \"active shooter\" video during orientation. Having been exposed to amazon's management style I see why, and they know it.   Coworkers over all seemed pretty much miserable. You don't even have to eavesdrop to hear that there is far too much unhappiness there, for no reasonable reason. In my time there it was harder to find someone that hadn't been written up than had been written up. I would venture to say it was over 80% turnover in my time there. That's something else they know, morale is low. ", " One day i was working in a office at night shift and i caught a thief who entered into the office with a fake id and failed to steal because of me and i learned how to face a thief and during my job time i have learnt some other things as well such as resolving conflict and defusing volatile situations before they escalate. I have experience working with different ethnic background people(co-workers) such as Asian, European and African. The hardest part of my job(in security job) was the security issue that means sometimes it could be a life-threatening job but the most enjoyable part of my job was, it was a relaxing job. Finally, i would say that i enjoy working in all environment. ", " Drive to work. Find out what route you are on. Sort your parcels. Load the van. Deliver the parcels around Bristol. Drive back to the depot when you have finished your route. Debrief with amazon and hand any undelivered parcels back to them. Have your van searched. Go home. ", " Its a good place to wk for but you really have to watch your points hr will do you over real quick I went to work this morning as I try to go through the turn stales my badge wouldn't work it had said that I was terminated they give you 6 PTS I only had 5 well needless to say I had clocked in from lunch early and that had given me a .5 pt it's ridicules needless to say ", " fun place to work. good people. good management. I would definately recomend to friends. good incentives. safety is highly prioritise. ", " A typical day consist of morning stretches, productivity goals, and standing for long periods of time. I have learned to find different ways to work efficiently to satisfy our customers.Must co workers are productive while others are not. The hardest part of the job is standing for ten hours straight. There weren't any parts of the job that I enjoyed it was cut and dry. ", " Working for Amazon.com can be both a pleasure and nightmare.   A normal shift would include the initial staff meeting, the being assigned various departmental duties based on demand for that day. This can vary from problem solving to picking.   Overall the company offers many opportunities for career advancement depending on your network. Working conditions are okay, with good equipment provision and regular breaks. ", " The 3 tenets of successful business:  Quality, Quantity, and Customer Service. Quality is sacrificed here. Numbers are the name of the game. Temp(-to-hire) employees receive more pressure to reach quota through the staffing agency personnel than Amazon employees. The emphasis on quality is made during onboarding, but sacrificing quality to process more units is the unspoken rule that leadership isn't advertising. The most successful employees are those that understand this rule and/or have lax quality standards themselves. ", " The job itself is terribly boring, there are very few things that change the monotonous and long days. You work 10 hour shifts four days a week until peak, then its 10 hour days, 6 days a week. They don't really seem to appreciate their employees, but the pay is alright and you get bonuses and yearly raises. ", " The hardest part of the job were the short breaks we received. The schedules were great depending on what best suit your week ", " everyday is the same thing and it does become a burden the only way to make good money is to get as many full time hours as possible and you are working 16 hour days which is not bad at all  but it does take a toll after a while especially if you have another job at the time. ", " I worked Digital Tech support for Amazon and here are some of the basics.  Training is very helpful, though if you miss one day you're basically out of a job then and there.  Customers of course can be difficult but your team is right behind you to the bitter end.  There is a learning curve, once you have the hang of it you'll be golden. My advice is to pay lots of attention in training and take lots of notes to get the ahead of the crowd.  Breaks and lunch are as satisfying as they should be.  Management is out to help you, not hinder.  Overall, this is a great job and you're lucky if you get it. ", " A typical day for me at Amazon is load and unload trucks. store product in racks. I have learn the flow process of Amazon from things coming and shipping out. The management is good they keep you up with what is going on in the warehouse. I have fun with my co-workers it makes the job more fun and your day go bye fast.  Its not a hard job at all. The most enjoyable thing about my job is that I get my job done bye the end of the shift ", " The typical day can be long but you're kept very busy. It would be nice if the company took more time to recognize and appreciate their employees. The most difficult part is the daily and weekly assesments when you're not meeting a strict production rate. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to work with others and talk when allowed. ", " hard job with little pay... Must be willing to work 10 hours and sometimes more standing up in a hard concrete floor. akjsfhsdfjagfja jkdfhajg agf jlsdhhgf jasg ", " Amazon fulfillment is a typical production/warehousing atmosphere but with an insane amount of SKU variation which makes the way they conduct their operations very \"peculiar\". The Area Manager role effectively manages anywhere between 25 to over 120 warehouse associates, making it a very challenging and rewarding experience.   The Canadian fulfillment side still needs to adjust their culture to the american Amazon.com culture which has a very good set of principles and practices. The lack of underlying operating principles make it very hard to cope with very frequent changes within the fulfillment site. Support from upper management is seldom available as they face their own difficulties trying to adjust to the same changes. ", " received product into building so stowers could replenish the shelves/ also researched purchase orders. How to multi-task in researching purchase orders to attach to products. Managament worked very hard to help with production worked extremely well with co workers. walking more than 10 to 15 miles a day working with awesome people "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I had started amazon thinking it would be great and it turned out horrible.  In one day don't be surprised to be moved around 6 times, and then still be expected to meet your rate.  The communication with in each department is a joke. ", " Amazon.com was a very good job with great pay even for the temporary-workers. As a temp, you get paid weekly, you still get incentives, and sure you don't have benefits yet, but, after 250 work hours, you are eligible for full-hire. After getting full-hire you then get paid every 2 weeks, and get a raise every 6-months.  Working for Amazon.com, you can choose what shift you want to work (night or day), you also get 3 breaks a day which are spaced out nicely to give you plenty of time to relax. The health benefits are good if you pay for the better plans, they have a nurse right in the building, they are great with safety, and I found myself with managers that actually listened to their employees and tried to compensate so that both parties were satisfied. Managers would work alongside employees to get orders done, and we all pulled our weight. We would have picnics and other dinners and such or reaching goals and it made the place fun. I worked with some really amazing people, still got to have a life on the outside, and not once said that I hated my job. I would go back if I could, but I relocated. ", " Amazon in Germany had a lot of flaws and they were not so much about the safety and care of their workers as they were with getting out as much work as they could. They were disorganized and the employees had no incentives to do more than what was normally expected. Numbers could never be reached, workers were always sick and injured, and the German facility claimed they got their model from the US facilities, but the two could not be more different. Managers rarely listened to the concerns of the employees, and they wondered why so many people would skip work or quit.   In Germany you got one 35-minute break for lunch and they did not offer you refrigerators or microwaves. You had to walk through a whole facility and since the only thing to eat was what you might bring or buy at their canteen, after climbing stairs and finally making it through their security, you might have 10-,minutes to rest. In America we got 3 breaks a day with plenty of time to eat and relax. We were safe, we made our numbers, and in the USA it was a really fun place to work where managers listened. So yeah...I would say they could improve, but strikes there are really bad, and it's not hard to see why. ", " I loved working at Amazon. The pay was great and I worked with a great team. The hours were challenging working all night. I was not use to that. The work was not hard. I was the top picker in my unit. I enjoyed the work I just had trouble with the hours. ", " easy friendly people.the hardest part of the job is the standing, bending,sorting in the front line and picking up heavy boxes.the most unfair thing is while others work so hard some play. ", " TIME was the major thing at Amazon, I enjoyed the constant work and the work I was given to do. I learned how to maintain my time, how to do quality checks, and to even operate the in house driving equipment! My co-workers were interesting, for the most part they just came to get their work done and go home. The hardest part of the job was learning and getting used to operating a PIT (powered industrial truck). The most enjoyable part would be the teamwork and commitment that everyone put forth to the company! ", " amazon is mainly about their production not very understanding of the employees needs or wants. If you are not able to make the rates they will be sure to let you go. ", " A well oiled machine.  Precise, meticulous, spot on.  Everyone had a part and knew what to do.  You had a rate to maintain and you do it.  Time flies in that warehouse day or night. ", " Working as Amazon was, tiring, long nights however It was a well rounded place to work...an would work for the again... The co workers an trainers we're all team players ", " Worst management ever ever ever... It was a disaster. these people liked to beat us down... they were never satisfied.. I think they miserable.. I;ve heard other locations were better. not sure.. . ", " This is a great place work.  Must be very comfortable with constant change.  The biggest issues that there is little opportunity for advancement. ", " Keeps the wolf from the door. Grueling manual labor. mind numbingly boring, but not difficult work. Excellent benefits package and usually as much over time as you want. ", " Working as a courier for Amazon logistics is dreadful. Working hours are long - and Amazon demand every single parcel 160-180 is attempted and above 15 returns demands a reattempt. Devices and software frequently malfunction, routing is frequently poor, demands are continually raised and constant process changes create dysfunction. In addition to that agencies frequently attempt to short change drivers on the payment front; quick practice is everywhere. Items are not scanned or counted by driver before delivery so if there is a warehouse team error the driver is often fired for that. Add in the constant threat of concessions, long hours and general sense of disorganisation and threat from Amazon. You have the worst working environment imaginable. ", " This is a great place to work. The amazon staff if very helpful and you can learn a lot. However, the Smx Staffing agency needs to learn to get their facts straight and not change the story later and blame Amazon for their mistakes and their miscommunication. ", " If you're looking for a decent warehouse job,turn back now. This particular fulfillment center is the worst I've ever seen, somewhat recently, all the associates' schedules were flipped around with very little warning, and moved many from regular day schedules to night shifts and vice versa. More recently, many people were fired due to a training error and many MANY more given a final warning for rate or errors when they had been on the job for less than a week. The new gm is terrible at addressing associates concerns and the managers are just as bad. There is little concern for the people who work there among management, so if the roads are iced over, youd better risk your car and life to get to work! (unless you want to use your vacation/personal time) There is no room for advancement unless you've become a favorite of a manager. Period. If you take even a seasonal position, expect zero respect as a human being, expect to be treated like a child,and expect to see lots of people leave within a month of hiring. There is a good reason that this facility has the highest turnover rate of all other amazon facilities. Honestly, the work itself isn't bad. The management and environment you're in will leave you sick to your stomach. ", " Pay is okay and you can dress how you want but they DO NOT care about the well-being of their associates. Their have been multiple incidents in the year I've been working there and the ambulance have been called to the site. Overall if you like long 10 hour shifts this is for you.! ", " Great place as a temporary job and excellent place for younger people of age starting out getting there feet wet in the job world. Good Benefits but management and the amount of hours are ridiculous for the amount of pay they offer. ", " I have been there for over a year. What they say about you being laid off is a bunch of lies. If you are lazy then of course, because you won't make rate. Amazon is a great place to work at, you can work yourself up the ladder and become someone bigger and better in no time! Patience is all you need! ", " Amazon is very laid back as long as you are meeting your rate no one bothers you. I've learned how the shipments are made when a customer makes there order online. The managers are cool as long as you are your job. My co-workers some was cool and some was a little weird but every body is different so that wasn't so bad.The hardest part of the job was around peak season which is Christmas time and we had to do a lot of over time to get all those shipments out. But i enjoyed all of it because we still had fun while we was working hard. ", " It is a fine place to work. Good hours, nice compensation, flexible hours, friendly management, and a lot of freedom to move around as long as you get your work done. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " At the start of shift we have stand up, which is a meeting for the department to discuss the days goals for the number of packages going out and any new news with the company. There are three tasks I can be assigned to at work. I could either be packing, running a slam line(the machine that puts the shipping labels on packages), or problem solving( where you are in charge of getting priority packages to be packed and sent out by a certain way and taking care of any issues with shipments). Then I just do whatever im assigned for the day. My management is supportive and have expectations for me to eventually move up within the company. I get along with all of my co-workers, its a nice work environment. The hardest part of the job is most likely when I'm running the slam line because you have to constantly keep the lines running while also doing a small amount of problem solving with any packages that have issues and get kicked off the line. Being able to do that is not easy and not many people at Amazon can do it as successfully as I can. The most enjoyable part of the job is the high pace environment and the fact I'm always working and moving. I enjoy being productive and being able to see the work I'm putting out. ", " This is a warehouse environment. The security is well managed there. The company has a strict rule of safety first on the job. It is well managed. ", " It is very good paying job but the on your feet is a killer unless you got healing salt ready. it was very fast pace and moving which I like. ", " It is a very fast paced environment and the work is really serious and tough. management is cool and coworkers are very motivating ", " If all your looking for is a job and don't mind repetitive mindless work. This is the place for you. If you want a career then i would not recommend. ", " Fast place but disorganized at times..... Do not receive positive feedback only negative ones. Stand on feet for 10 hrs can not sit down till breaks. ", " A typical Day at work would be taking on new challenges new learning experiences working together with co-workers.The most enjoyable part of the job would be coming up with creative ideas,working well with others. ", " I'd like working in Amazon first of all because of the Multicultural place, that gave the opportunity to joint with people with different cultures and skills, origin and experiences.  I don't think that working in Amazon is a hard job, you must be really reliable person and love moving all the time ", " I've had a very good experience working with Amazon.  I've pushed my self to move up the ladder and get better at my job and understanding how to deep dive into issues. ", " The day began by talking about the totals from the previous day. We would be allocated jobs matched to strengths. Th job was very fast paces so I needed excellent ability to concentrate and work at speed. There were lots of different roles in the warehouse but I mainly worked as unloading and stowing. ", " We would start the day with a group stretch, along with a discussion of the day's goals. The managers would say something positive about everyone's work. I learned to be able to work fast and was able to pick up different skills while working there. Hardest part of the job was working in christmas, thats when the flow of packages had gotten more intense. I enjoyed the physical part of the job, I had fun loading and packaging product. ", " every night i go in and if your one minute late you get a thing they call a point and if you get 3 of these you get called into a meeting about your job this will happen 2 more times till you are out. points am given out for lateness failure to turn up for work not hitting your rates etc. the hardest part of the job is defiantly hitting your rates as they am so high not everyone can keep up and there is no exceptions unless you have a disability. ", " Great environment to work at. Typical day at work is answering the phones helping the customer with there issues. Management is great. They will work with you if you have any problems and will talk to you about anything. Co-workers are laid back and nice. The hardest part of the job would have to be when you cant resolve a issue with the customer. Sometimes there's nothing you can do. The most enjoyable part of the job would be when you actually realize how much you help the company and that you make the customers happy. ", " This place was terrible. Forget ever advancing, never going to happen and with the vast majority of their employees temp workers it is unlikely to ever really have a job for a long time. The point of these positions are to come in, make some money quickly and leave. If you work yourself very hard, they MAY keep you around for a little while longer but don't expect to become part of their team. They will let you work yourself dead tired and then throw you to the curb. Very bad place to work. Since working there, I refuse to buy any products from Amazon. ", " Amazon.com in Campbellsville KY is a very good job.  I only would consider leaving for another job close to the culture of Amazon.com ", " Come in clock in and straight to work. We Stretch and here how good/bad we doing.  I learned that no matter what Amazon don't care about their employees as much as they care about the consumer where everything should be equal. Hardest Part about my job would be getting penalized on something that can easily be fixed. ALL breaks are the enjoyable part of working for Amazon ", " The days are long working in an Amazon Fulfillment Center. 10 hour days, 4 days a week. The work itself is always one of two extremes, fast or boring. Management is generally sub-par, but the pay and benefits are nice. ", " The best projects with the best people. Management is awesome, office culture is incredible. Very high turnover rate. Probably the worst interview process I have ever encountered. ", " great place learned a lot there while i was there. fast pace work place safety is everything. i loved working there didnt have problem with working others. ", " Working in an Amazon fulfillment Center can be challenging, as it is rewarding. I learned how to solve complex problems that could occur during a process, and how to fix the issue at a moments notice. Despite employee complaints, managers were by and large open to hearing concerns. I learned that any employee who take extra time to discuss issues, or opportunities with a managers can open many doors to success that were first deemed impossible. Amazon fulfillment is a great entry level position for anyone who needs a change or a new career path. My only word of caution is the positions are strenuous, and the entry-level jobs are built to last only for a few years. Range pay is small with the intention that an employee may stay in his or her position for a time, however, they are encouraged to take a advantage of paid school to gain a new career, with amazon or another company. An associate could also \"burn out\" over time. I would recommend to new employees involved early an often with new opportunities and processes within the facility. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " loved my job! the hardest part was the long hours and short breaks. the most enjoyable part was being well trained and not struggling too much ", " I'm hoping to make this review as comprehensive as possible so that future Amazon Warehouse Associates may know exactly what they're getting themselves into.     A typical day at work goes as follows:  You clock in using your ID. You join others at the start-up area to do stretches, listen to announcements from your superiors, and see where you'll be working. From there, you move to your work station and do whatever job you've been assigned. You get two fifteen-minute breaks and one thirty-minute break for lunch, all of which divide your day into 'quarters'. Each quarter, you'll be expected to meet a certain goal, whether it be making rate or just maintaining standard work procedures. At the end of the day you clock out with your ID again. You'll repeat that process every day.   As a Warehouse Associate, you'll fall into one of the following categories each day:  -Stowers: You push a cart around with several totes full of items, take the items out of the totes, and scan them into bins. If you encounter any bad items, you take them to the Problem Solvers, who will fix the issue. Stowing is considered the most difficult Warehouse Associate job for a number of reasons which will be addressed below.  -Pickers: Quickly push a cart around while pulling items out of bins, using a scanner to scan them into a tote, and placing them on a conveyor. You're being timed during all of this, so stopping or slowing down is rarely an option.  -Packers: Pack items into containers. That's all I know about this one, since I have neither worked in this position nor have I encountered ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> anyone who has.  -Diverters: Occasionally a stower or picker will be placed in a diverting position, which basically just means you're going to stand in one place, pull totes off of a conveyor, and place them on a cart for the stowers to take.    Now, all of these jobs sound simple and straightforward at first, but somehow Amazon manages to complicate them to the point where you'll most likely be buckling under the pressure of mental stress and/or physical fatigue within your first month of employment. This brings us to the primary issues that you'll face as a Warehouse Associate:  RATE: This will determine whether or not you get to keep your job, which is unfortunate for you because it is almost entirely determined by chance and other forces beyond your control. If you encounter too many oversized items, overstuffed bins, damaged items, unlabeled items, supervisor conflicts, or problems with your equipment then you WILL NOT make rate (this applies to both stowers and pickers). At the start of your employment, they'll teach you a standard work procedure that is supposed to help you make rate. However, when you actually start the job, you'll find that those standards no longer apply. The bins are almost always full, so stowers can't find space to put their items and pickers have to constantly sift through items to find what they're after as well. Temperature is also a factor, since the building isn't air conditioned (you'll find that your rates will be even lower on hotter days). If you don't make rate for every single quarter (which you won't), one of your superiors will seek you out and reprimand you for it. They may attempt to give you tips, but they don't truly understand what your job requires, so their \"help\" is of no use to you. Your rate requirements can even be raised on a whim (which they will be) so all you can do is hope that you get a good set of items in your totes and avoid being fired for another day.  ERRORS: If rate doesn't get you down, these suckers will. Every time you miss (or misplace) an item, you will (once again) be hunted down and vilified by one of your superiors. This kind of makes sense when it's you're fault, but most of the time it won't be. Your scanner is capable of screwing up, missing a scan, or flat-out freezing up in the middle of a scan, all of which can cause you to make an error. Also, the people in receiving could screw up an order and end up putting too many items into the totes 'virtually' but not physically, which means you can be reprimanded over missing items that were never in your tote to begin with. Errors are unavoidable, but like rate, they will eventually cost you your job. In fact, errors are more likely to get you fired, since they put a \"write-up\" in their records every time one occurs. If you get a few too many write-ups, you're gone.  TOT: This refers to \"time off task\", which is just a fancy way of saying 'you took too long to come back from break'. Depending on who your supervisor is, they may reprimand you and write you up for getting to your station as little as one minute later than expected. This is yet another unavoidable problem, since the facility is so huge that most of your break will be spent getting from point A to point B anyway.  VIOLATIONS: Occasionally, you'll get a supervisor who's a real stickler about proper procedures. Unfortunately, the proper procedures are ALWAYS changing without any warning, so you're bound to unwittingly violate a few rules. This applies to stowers especially, and this is what makes stowing the hardest job for Warehouse Associates. For example, if you stow items in a certain place or in a certain way that a certain manager doesn't like (such as stacking items on top of each other), you will receive a write-up. This leads us to our next issue...  MANAGEMENT: This. This is what makes your job at Amazon much more difficult than it needs to be. You'll be working for several different managers or supervisors at any given time, and each will want things done their own way. For example, a manager on the third floor might be okay with you stacking items, but the manager on the second floor will write you up for stacking items. A supervisor in the west wing will allow you to put medium items in small bins, but a supervisor in the east wing will not. Once again... it's a game of chance. Since there's nothing set in stone for them, they make up the rules as they go along, and you either prosper or suffer because of it. Turnover also seems to be high among management positions, so you never truly know just who it is you'll be working for each day.  NO GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES: If you're a Warehouse Associate, you'll probably always be a Warehouse Associate (unless you have greater qualifications and apply for something better). There's no ladder for you to climb, and no position for you to be promoted to. You could be trained to become an 'ambassador', but all that means is you get to do the same job, but with additional responsibilities in exchange for slightly more pay.   I believe that Amazon could be a very decent place to work as a Warehouse Associate. It could be... but it isn't. Between the ever-changing rules, the rapidly rising standards, the lack of communication between managers, the dead-end-job status, the absence of job security, and the mistreatment of those in lower positions, there's really no reason to stay employed here for more than a couple months at best. Your coworkers and the free drinks are the only two things you'll genuinely get to enjoy during the work day. All that aside... get in, get what you need out of it, and get out as soon as you can. Otherwise, your employment will be terminated at some point anyway. ", " management is nice ,listen to employees. hardest part of the job is the targets per hour. some times it is hard to meet them, ", " Amazon is a great company from the outside, but has many visible flaws from the inside, as far as the mechanics of how it's employee environment is set.  I'd recommend working for Amazon if you want to be treated like the average Joe, but with minor benefits. ", " I really like to working for Amazon and I like shopping there too. It was always something new when I went to work and learned a lot everyday. ", " Nightmare treatment. This is my personal experience. The agency people were extremely judgmental and rude from the start. Three times doing the same drug test and 2 1/2 weeks of trying for an answer on why no start date yet.  Claim that the Company (Amazon) insists on name badge only has formal name no nicknames allowed! Also, giving a hard time for requesting water be made available for health reasons.  Good luck to others. ", " At Amazon your enjoyment and motivation level will be directly driven by your local management team.  As such, the Toy Team should be avoided. It's micro-culture is one of cliques, and work quality is measured in shear hours vs. quality of work.   That said, as with any team at Amazon, there is always the prestige of working at a major company, plus there are always very interesting projects two work on.   Toy is so Q4 heavy, however,  management refuses to acknowledge the category's uniqueness in this respect and allocate the needed temp help. The result is full-time employees working a minimum of 80 hrs/week from Oct- Dec. There is no down-season to make up for this peak. The team has extremely high turnover (55% in the first 4 month's I was there).  This means that full-timers are constantly being asked to take on well above and beyond what was described in their hiring process. Expect to do the work of 2 FTEs for 80% of your time on this team.  Normally Amazon has a great policy of allowing free movement within the company. The Toy team is the exception. Because of their bad reputation within the company it's rare for internal candidates to transfer. This caused management to block employees from leaving the team to stem the bleeding. Most people leave Amazon rather than transfer within due to this.   Amazon is an amazing company and should be looked at. However, There are far better teams than toy. ", " You can only hear the warehouse around you. Good luck hearing the person behind you (Even if it is your manager screaming into a megaphone). Management, well, they can't manage. Typical day, it was just not worth it to me. Considering When they said I was terminated, I looked at them and said \"Are you serious?\" And turned and left. They couldn't have got me out of that building any quicker, voluntarily. ", " Great place to work, great values ,ethics and management but lacks in job security ", " Enjoyable work and company but the break times and traffic can be hectic. I wish the university environment communicated, reached out more. SYNERGY ! ", " i would pack items that come off the conveyor belt for 11 hours a day i would test myself to see how fast i could go and ended up being the 4th fastest on my shift within the first week i was there ", " productive workplace emphasizing on safety and quality. Customers always come first. Work is always provided even when we have slow days. Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History. is the motto. ", " Amazon is an overall great place to work for however they do not pay the amount of money a person is work and the management there with the exception of one is an absolute joke ", " A typical day at work consumed of meeting at stand-up and getting our assingments then we stretch and start work. The management was very helpful and nice. The co-workers were nice and friendly. The hardest part about the job was trying to keep your rate up with limited space on shelfs. The most enjoyable part of work was getting to meet new people and making sure the customers got the right order and on time. ", " A typical day at work is busy but fun and i have learned a lot of skills that have helped me become to great employer i am today. The management is great and easy going, yet they are people you can look up to and aspire to be like in the future. There really isn't a hard part to my job as long as you pay attention to what you are doing and work more then play your job will be easy to complete. ", " typical day at work required mme to solve every problem an order had before it gets sent out the door. It is a new plant not even a year old, the management could have been better they had 21-22 year olds in management position that wasnt properly experienced for it. my fellow co-workers and i had a great relationship. the hardest part of the job was always right before a CPT (critical pull time) thats when you would see most problems. ", " Physically demanding job but so much fun, the management team is top notch and they never make feel like you are beneath them. ", " A typical day at Amazon consists of a \"start-up\" meeting, which occurs at the start of the shift every morning, and following lunch every afternoon. This meeting covers the main focus of the day - usually including information about work flow, any meetings, special events (like free catered lunches), etc. At the end of the meeting everyone stretches and then it's \"time on task\". Work ranges from relatively easy, to slightly difficult, to sweat-your-butt-off hard depending on what department you're in. The one thing that is consistent throughout the departments is that you must make your rate. If you make your rate every week, good for you. If you don't, expect coaches (verbal warnings) and write-ups. Amazon is my first warehouse job, and it is probably the best introduction to a warehouse environment. The training is very thorough, and on-going training is available at any time upon request. They teach you how to do everything, from making a box to driving an order picker. They also have a lot of safety regulations, but it is nice to know that you have a low chance of getting hurt by machinery or falling items and things of that nature. The management is so-so. There are some managers that really will care a lot about your concerns and needs, and some who won't care at all. And if you are one of the managers' favorites, you get placed on the easiest tasks most of the time and if you need any special accommodations, you get them. The Process Assistants are usually much better than the managers, but are under-paid and under-appreciated. The co-workers are typically the best part ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> of the job. On one hand, the environment kind of can be compared to high school, especially during peak where most of your time is spent with the people you work with. But besides the occasional drama, most of the people are nice and helpful. The best part is that everyone seems to share some kind of humorous hatred for the company. The hardest part of the job is making rate, and being able to keep yourself going through about two to two and a half months of 60 hour work weeks, with only one day off. It can be very physically and emotionally draining. The best part about it is that it is an HR company, and so there are many things that they do to keep the associates involved and informed such as birthday round tables, where you meet with the GM of the building to have them answer any questions or address concerns, All-Hands meetings every month which provide information about changes within the company, and AIS surveys that let associates voice their opinions. They also have pretty good pay compared to other warehouses, raises every 6 months, stock rewards that can be cashed in after 2 years, awesome health, vision &amp; dental, tuition reimbursement after 3 years, full-pay maternity leave, 10% discount online, paid &amp; unpaid time off dispersed throughout the year, free lunches catered from restaurants and so on and so forth. Not a bad company, but does involve a lot of hard work. ", " Great management team! A typical day there would consist of a lot of work and very fast pace movements. I enjoyed the company because they are very organized, and have a really great motivated team. Its a huge corporation so of course you have hundreds of workers and a lot going on. However, what makes it a good work environment, is that they are really huge on safety and quality. ", " targets are impossible 12 hours and my feet were blistered, there shoes are terrible crippled me after 3 days but i kept going for 3.5 months "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Required to lift heavy boxes and need to reach the expectations..You need to have a strong physical body because the job is physically tough ", " targets are impossible 12 hours and my feet were blistered, there shoes are terrible crippled me after 3 days but i kept going for 3.5 months ", " A typical day at work would be inconsistent work being provided for us some nights through out the work days which would lead to some people becoming \"Time Off Task\" because they're struggling to find work on one level. ", " Amazon is an excellent place to work; the management teams are approachable, cordial and eager to help you succeed. A typical day at work entails team start up meeting, success tips for the day, then order fulfillment. The most enjoyable parts of the job are the team members and the actual order picking process; because its just like personal shopping.  Truthfully there aren't any hard parts to the job..crazy right? :) ", " I worked for the Coffeyville Ks location. ( Now Closed ). The work is easy and the hours are ok depending on what shift you get on. If you are lucky enough to be selected to become a full time Amazon employee the job is awesome. However to get to that point you have to endure Staff Managments bull ", " As a problem solver I would help fixed problems with inventory such as unrecognizable bar codes and non existent bar codes.  I would also help with locating items placed in wronged stow bins or missing items from stowing carts.  Also recording items as damaged if the items were considered unsatisfactory to ship to a customer. I learned a lot about how warehouse work can be and how organized a warehouse needs to be to run effectively.  The management was a challenge because some would leave and a new one would come in from a department different from where I worked. The co-workers were an incredible enjoyment to be around mostly because everyone got along. The hardest part of the job was just dealing with issues that not even the managers knew how to deal with.  The most enjoyable part of the job was getting to meet and interact with people of different ages and backgrounds. ", " Everyone I've met at Amazon are great people. Everyone was friendly and made working there so much more pleasing. Peak season was very busy but overall, it's not as hard as the managers tried to make it seem. ", " The pace is fast and steady. Many things to organize in a short time period. Very precise ways of doing things with many systems. Good management and good environment. Friendly staff with a good sense of work ethics. Many incentives and competition to keep the job interesting. In all, a great place to work at. ", " The hardest part of the job was the long hours but your co-workers will make up for that. One can make good money here and move up the ladder quickly. They give out daily rewards for fulfilling ones quota. ", " Working for Amazon warehouse was a wonderful experience. The workers there made sure that if you needed help they were there. They trained you to be great at your job. ", " amazon is a good place to work if you don't have children and a family and if you are looking to start out your first job the managent team is young and doesn't knw how to properly talk to the employess. ", " A typical day working at Amazon.com is very fast paced and goal oriented. I've been cross-trained in several different departments and learned many different skills. The management at Amazon.com are very friendly and helpful. My co-workers at Amazon.com are very diverse and a great mix of people and are always helpful of others. The hardest part of working in Amazon.com is that the warehouse can get very hot at times. The most enjoyable part of working at Amazon.com is getting to know numerous people and build numerous friendships. ", " Basically, we go in and meet up with the manager for stretching for a few minutes ; have a small discussion about what is expected.Go to work two hours. Then,take first break for 15 minutes,then come back and work until luch. Lunch was 30 minutes. Next go back and stretch and discuss. Then back to work through out the rest of the day.  I learned how to pick open boxes,order process customers' orders,forklift ,etc.  The hardest part about the job was the very long hours. ", " Great place to work with many opportunities to solve unique problems that you often won't see in other environments.  Across the board the strongest team of engineers that I've worked with.  There is no problem unsolvable at Amazon!    Teams are generally small, and given a lot of leeway to make decisions which is very liberating.  The small teams, combined with the workload, require a higher time commitment than any other place that I've worked at (poor work/life balance). ", " This is a great place to work if you can handle a fast paced environment with few/no mistakes. The management tries to keep things fun by having dress up days and such--reminded me of high school activities in a way.  If you aren't doing well, your manager will talk to you.  If you still aren't doing well, you need to be able to communicate to management much more precisely as to what the problem is, otherwise they will assume you \"get it.\" The hardest part of the job is meeting performance standards. ", " You do the same job you're assigned your entire career there. I learned what factory jobs entail. Management is not very helpful and most are constantly on their cell phones. Co workers pretty much keep to their own little packs. The hardest part of the job is the sleep schedule and the constant overtime.  ", " Very simple job and managers. Just do your job properly and no one gonna bother you. Perfect place for people who don't like to be disturbed by other people. Managers there are very polite and thankful. ", " decent job, but physical demands are high, so be ready to work hard. you can loose weight due to all the walking that you do a day and it can be fun as long as you maintain the rates they require, when you don' they are on you! ", " I worked here over 4 years and had a amazing experience both as it my employment as well as the great people that I worked with and became friends with ", " I describe myself to be a dinamic person, energetic and intuitive. I prefer a stable enviroment and also fair from the remuneration point of view based on results and overtime. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Excellent place to learn but you must be competitive and not with then skin.  Expect to have high expectations provided and you must either meet or exceed them. ", " You have to be at work by 6, we first go to the start up area where we    warm up at. Working there I've learned how to drive a fork lift &amp; walkie. Co workers where very fun to work with &amp; be around.The hardest part of the job may been walking to the car at the end of the shrit, but the most part was a great work enviroment to be in. ", " I worked the night shift. You go in. Do the assembly line in about 10-12 hour day. Get around 3 breaks, two short ones and 30 minute lunch one. Do what they required then clock out. ", " A typical day at work is walking at a very fast pace or if you have a stationary position to move rapidly, such as arms and maintain a good rate or quota. Its not for everyone but I liked the workout. My only complaint is that when they give position promotions, they do not regard education or background. They simply rely on comradery. ", " The work was hard, but there was always something new you'd learn each day. I learned a lot about different people, their cultures, the processes of each department and about the management.  The breaks were very short, not many opportunities to advance in the company, and the managers never communicated effectively.   I met many people of all ages and made many friends in this company, I had a lot of fun working with everybody.  The hardest part of the job was communicating with Managers, Ops, and admins throughout the work week. It was very difficult to get their attention when needed, and when you were able to, they wouldn't listen or direct the conversation elsewhere. It was incredibly frustrating, and the favoritism was a huge deal.  Which caused another issue entirely when it came to moving up in the company. ", " You would stand for long periods at a time,you worked at a fast pace and long hours, there were short breaks,  and overtime was made available. ", " The actual job in the data center isn't a hard one but all the other largely pointless tasks they pile on you to fill up your time get old fast. Management boils down to get rid of anyone who even looks like they might rock the boat in anyway. Some good people work there and keep things going through hard work and perseverance. There is little in the way of real training and most comes from peers and OTJ training. The hardest part is dealing with management. ", " My patients loved me and that is one of the best things in working in a health care field. I had great hours at this company and built strong relationships. ", " Great place to work, many cultures in the company chances to stage up in positions are high many different job roles  friendly environment to work in ", " managers are fab.. you never know what the day is gonna bring with the verity of people!! its hard long hours but boy that pay check is worth it! ", " Fun workplace Hours can be long at times good pay management not the best nice co-workers the most enjoyable part of the job was the work/life balance choice. ", " on a typical day we had team meetings, processed and checked items before was sent to customers. Also had meetings at the end of the business day. ", " Typically i work at day time. I leaned how inter-act to other raise people and safety in work. The manage is quite ok. My co-workers is niece and with have coordition with other.The hardest parts of may job is there you always sweating lifting heavy weith. The most enjoyble is during my 2 days off. ", " you stretch at the beginning of the shift and after lunch. breaks are 15 min. there is an abundant amount of walking but absolutely no job security. it truly is a seasonal job. I did see full time associates let go and replaced with temps that could make better times. ", " Sir/Madam I have a high experience with retailing and work at shopfloor. Also I have experience with Photoshop, Corel. Also I knowed a basic of programming in HTML, C++, Java. I finish a course in Learning Centre with certificate of Access. I have experience with work at printing machines. Also I have a full driving license and car.   I start work from bookshop where I was working almost 3 years like a cashier and I served invoices in excel. My next work was on printing house where i was working at printers and also on computers. When I was have free time I was working like volunteer in stud, and like a graphic designer in home. Also I have a short experience like copywriter.   Next I was coming to United Kingdom where I working like Packer in Amazon.co.uk.  I would like upgrade my experience and this is a reason to apply for this job. I don't feeling well when I can't improve my capabilities and advance for higher position  Kind Regards Agata Jedrzejczyk ", " The leadership lack people skills, all they care about is getting the work out and not the employees. In the beginning they make you feel good about yourselves but soon you come to realize that all they really care about is trying to get the most out of you for the cheapest amount possible. ", " I enjoy working for Amazon is fun place to work and the associate are  nice and easy going. They respect their employees and treat every body equal. there is room for suggestion and new idea from associates, the managers and supervisor are working together to make sure every associate are trained and given responsibility, room for improvement. Health care is provided to associates ", " Astronics, when I worked there, was a fun place to work. I worked in the machine shop with a bunch of guys, we were on second shift, and once I got used to the machinery and how to do the job, things were good. Management had its good days, and bad days, as any job goes. The crew was hard working, but our shifts and work allowed us to be able to have a regular life, despite working second shift. They had started to expand the plant and the machine shop, when I was laid off, so I don't know how things might have changed since then. ", " all co workers were friendly and supportive, every day was a different challenge, fast pace hitting and surpassing targets. management were approachable and helpful, meeting targets knowing deliveries were on way for birthdays, xmas etc was very fullfilling. ", " a typical work day can be from building stuft to throwing away stuft ,but you have to follow the managers tasks every group is giving individual tasks to complete so that way every group has different assignments to do i learned very little from hear because the agency i worked for had me on a \"only need you to work when i need you'' the co-workers were hard working and cool management were good people  the hardest part of the job was the job itslef manual labor if thats your cup of tea, i did it only because i had to do it, "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It was great working their but stressful. The co-workers were really cool and so were the bosses and other associates. The hardest part of the job was loading the trucks and going outside during the winter to lock and unlock the trucks. ", " There is many different jobs you can do. I am a picker. A picker is someone who walks up to 12 miles a day picking the items that customers buy. ", " A typical work day is making sure you put any and all software on the kindle so it can be prepared to be shipped off. I learned a lot of data entry requirements at this job. My co-worker are great we all work together as a team. The hardest part of the job is we have to meet a quota and keep our hours up so we're not down and have a good productive day. ", " The only good thing about this place is the pay and every once in a while they would give free snacks at lunch. When the season is done they start letting people go. ", " Great people to work around. The health benefits are awesome. Get personal time off. I would like if they hired from within the company more, but the are supportive in furthering your education. ", " didn't last long. was laid off after i applied to be fulltime wont go back work to hard and too fast had vertigo on my day off ", " Have a group meeting with the supervisors. They tell us what we have to get out for the night. Go over safety tips and stretch. Get on the Order Picker and check to make sure it was safe to drive. Pick items that is shown on our scanner. ", " Amazon is a good company to work for.  There is a lot you can do with the company if chosen to do so. The only con is not knowing someone to get up the ladder faster. ", " Person has to work 10 hours a day, 4 days a week. I have been working there for 3 years, there fore I have learned a lot about Amazon itself. I have been working in Inventory control and Quality assurance department, therefore I was familiar with every single process in the warehouse. I was a problem solver, therefore I was familiar with most systems that are used in Amazon, I was promoted to customer service, therefore I have learned about all connections between different warehouses and even different countries. I was team leaders assistant, therefore I have learned how to make responsible and effective decisions quickly, as well I have learned how to deal with big group of people, how to lead them, how to spread workload and etc. I have improved my computer skills, but mostly - personal skills. I have become more confident and communicative. Hardest part of the job was to find a way not to stay in a same position and to move forward. Amazon is a big company and seeking for higher position was really challenging. Most enjoyable part of the job was people with whom I had a chance to work, they were really friendly. As well I loved everyone's enthusiasm during peek time. And even after day of hard work I felt that my work was noticed, because I could feel that managers rely on me more and more. They kept improving my tasks. ", " Nice steady job, with great benefits and good pay. It is a fast paced production warehouse with overall good people who are eager to encourage. ", " Management could have been much better, unorganized workplace that had expectations that were not practical.  Very long hours and physically demanding that should have compensated workers accordingly.  Alot of favoritism and hard to advance despite hard work and efforts.  The most enjoyable part had to have been to diverse group of people of all ages that worked together well and made the environment enjoyable. ", " A typical day at work would be sumbitting orders threw Amazon and i learned alot by using Word Excel and Ups, Fedex management. The co-workers are really good to be around with and very helpful at anytime. also the hardest part would be when a really big purchase order would be breaking it down and inputting it through excel and not having the product. the most enjoyable part would be our breaks becuase i  have fun with alot of my co-workers. ", " Amazon is an good place to work and has a lot of benefits, but the management expect to much from associates. I enjoy my role within amazon. ", " It was a decent line of work and the HR took the time with employees for any issues. Overall, it was okay. Co workers were okay, work was okay, I just didn't like how I couldn't adjust my schedule for any education until 6 months in. ", " Low balance, low manager interest and team engagement, low moral with goal setting, lack of team collaboration, low investment of strategic initiatives from senior leaders. NO DIVERSITY ", " Initial gather and goal planning would take place before executing our quota or work load for that selected day. After we meet our goals we have opportunities to persue daily prizes. ", " working for this company is a very good experience. not only because of the job tittle but also the people that work with you day by day. everyone is very awsome and everyone has teamwork in them. ", " I wish not to review at this time.  I have mixed emotions right now about my sudden departure from the company.  Overall, the company provides a wonderful service. ", " It was fun to work there, and the had games in both of there game rooms. Whenever we lost equipment they had machines that would replace it for us for free. ", " This job is draining. The workers along with managers are disrespectful with no understanding. You'll work too hard to be treated unfairly and would want higher pay "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It was great working with a recognizable brand and a team but the downfall was that you only worked on ebanners and had too many brand guidelines to follow. You could not be free and design what you think works well and there was no appreciation of what you did. ", " Things were unorganized The workers on the floor worked hard, but the supervisors seemed lost a bunch of the time There was never a normal day although everyday they sent people home but then realized they needed them ", " great place to work, what liked the most was the 10h shift. and what I didn't like was the slow time. But overall it's a great place to work, we have free lunch sometimes, gift card...... ", " It is a poor working environment with poor communications.  They lead you on with false promises and have a sloppy attendance points system.  They micro manage the environment and treat you like a child. Everything is a safety hazard. ", " hard work required and lots of sleep until u adjust to the work and schedule. I enjoyed working stow more than pick and maybe because i just didnt have the shoes for walking at the time. Because believe you me that you will be walking ALOT! ", " I loved working at Amazon. We would all work hard and fast when the work was coming in. And just like every new year that comes up we break records! ", " A typical day at work start off with me dong my stretches and then going to my supervisor to see where they put me for that day. Its constant work so its a lot of working in a fast pace environment. I learned that I'm capable of multitasking and being able to keep up. Hardest part of my job was when there was absolutely nothing for me to do besides wait for more orders to be shipped out. The most enjoyable part of the job was being paid. ", " High volume wharehouse environment with great co-workers and great ideas! Management unsupportive of worker advancement and heavy supervision, non trusting of employees. ", " I will rate my employment with Amazon a seven out of ten, due to the fact that I had the opportunity to advance, but without compensation. ", " customer care for Spanish clients contacts to transport companies and logistics fulfillment centers all conferences/ trainings/ talking to co-workers was done via Microsoft Communicator  home based job the hardest part of the job was not to have a real work team but a virtual one ", " Enjoy all my coworkers. Management, not always on top of things, asked to speak with someone from HR, took 3 days .Hardest part when your partner is not pulling their part. Enjoy the people ", " over all it was  good i learn to pack and inspected items and work with others the hours was good and was a OK work interment to work in ", " My co workers was very positive and full of energy and I really  like packing and stocking . Driving the order picker was very interesting something I never done there was always something new to look forward to. ", " Amazon is continuously changing, or evolving processes. A company that puts safety first is the company for me. The hardest part of the job for me was having people that would not work and stop others from giving their 100%. The work is hard but that is when you have to own the process and work it for your personality. I had very good managers who listened and took action. If a person showed initiative Amazon managers were quick to engage associates abilities. This is a company that will allow you to go as far as you wished. ", " Fast paced working environment Lots of movement Lots of walking Can be a fun place to work Opportunities to work in different departments ", " Very diverse work place. Fast paced and always moving. a very welcoming environment. Work hours go by very quick. Avery well recommended place. ", " Telephone customer service consists of eight hours a day of speaking to strangers, who may be polite and friendly or angry and personally abusive. In either case, your job is to be so friendly and engaging that they hang up the phone feeling like you did a great job, even if you were not actually able to do what they wanted you to do. ", " its a very good job. a great place for hard workers. very active in training and preparing employees for the job. the hardest part of my day is getting out of the bed in the morning. shifts usually go by fast because your always working. ", " loved it..fast paced ..smooth work enviroment..people are great..everybody happy..loved working with the models...my supervisor was very kool.. ", " great benefits and bad working conditions....great leaderships skills gained and training programs. paid vacations. hardest part of job is hours. most enjoy able always something to do. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " hard, not to work for them aver again, do not care about you,lazy,showing to start the day,at the end of the day when i leave to go home ", " I was a fantastic Place to work but I moved to Florida so I had to leave it,  I enjoyed helping customers get the items they ordered and taking esculation calls. I loved helping them make the correct decision on the merchandise they were ordering.  Helping them find the item they wanted at a great price the right size and colors by helping them search the internet over the phone. ", " It is a nice place to work, friendly people, supplies are always on hand, everyone is willing to help . I enjoy working for Amazon because your benefits start as soon as you start working, the pay is also wonderful. ", " Start 18.30 5.00 or 6.00. Apart from breaks mostly constant work. The management were never to be seen UNLESS you did something wrong. Hardest part getting to work (a lot of traveling) and the best the PAY. As the rep said before I started its like marmite love it or hate it,  I loved it. ", " Amazon is one of the best companies in the world. #27 on the Fortune 500, #4 in the Most Admired Companies, constantly the #1 or #2 company in the world for customer service and innovation.  I loved working at Amazon. Almost everyone within corporate Amazon ranks in the top 1-2% in terms of raw intellectual horsepower, and in the top 1-2% in terms of drive. Or else they don't last for very many years.  At Amazon, you have the opportunity to do really big things that change the ways that hundreds of millions of customers discover, learn, buy, engage, interact, etc. There is really no limit to what you can invent there, or how big you can think.  On the other hand, Amazon will suck up your entire life, if you let it. It's easy to find yourself working 80-100 hours per week. Sometimes the pressure to perform and deliver vs goals is excruciating. ", " Amazon tries to be awesome but tends to get mired down in the paperwork.  Management is often entirely uninvolved in anything going on but likes to manage aggregate metrics.  Additionally, they will ask as much as they can from every individual for every hour of every day until you say no, then they will use shame techniques to make you do more. ", " A typical day work for amazon consisted of, handling phone calls from happy to out raged angry customers, Help keep customers and making others smile, My most favorite part of the day is handling the  angry customers, because they help make a good impact on customer relations when they leave happy. ", " A daily routine was to be quickly learned when working with Amazon. I learned how to have a great work ethic and how people work so hard for the extra dollar. Co-workers were great, many people were not from around Phoenix, so you got a really good culture mix at work which always kept things interesting. The hardest part of the job was getting into the routine. Most enjoyable was the wages I earned and the people I got to work with. ", " 10 hours of standing on your feet,no experience gained,a good place to make new friends.Few people are allowed to grow in the company,it is not based on how hard working you are,it is based on favoritism. ", " The hardest part of course was to work 60 hours per week during three consecutive weeks, but i would do it again if the company ned me . It was a shame that i had to give up in Amazon because of the closure of Edinburgh s bridge. And the best part of the job probably was the realationship with the co-workers. And i really like the normal shift, in which you work ten hours per day four days a week. ", " temporary contract good place to work, would definitely return there again if i was out of work. Cordant people were a fair agency to work for and were considerate to any any problems that needed sorting. ", " On one very day, i learnt on how to contact/send e-mails to amazon customer service via MS Excel.  My co-workers are friendly, and we always work as part of a team which makes the job effective and efficient. Is fun working with amazon and through team work, i find nothing hard about the job. The most enjoyable part of the job is the working environment, positive energy and updates of the system. ", " Rude and bad behaviour from management.... follow you and their point system....you r just a number... management is so rude..... make u feel u owe them.... ", " they have great benefits but their work attitude could be better they only care about the numbers and not how they products get on the shelves ", " i learn have to scan barcode and deal with lost things , health safety learn fix the machine tape . every time we had different job that was good because i get more experience and also i learn new things every day ", " I worked full-time at Amazon for 1 month at the Christmas period. I worked nightshift. 10pm til 7am.  I picked all the products that the customers have ordered then I proceeded to take them to the shipping area where the products are then taken to the customers.  I also packed the products and cleaned the warehouse occasionally.  the most enjoyable part of the job was working with my friends and meeting new people. ", " A sick feeling to be there knowing you're not appreciated. lack of management professonalism. co-workers is fine. the hardest part of the job is enduring punitive action for situations beyound your control. threre's nothing enjoyable about working there. ", " Fast-paced work environment, which I like. They weren't willing to bend the policy rules very much based on individual circumstances and needs. ", " A typical day in the Er was usually very busy non stop. I learned so much while i was working there. I learned how to work codes, do inventory, put doctors orders into the computer, how to put a cath in someone. Management and co workers were wonderful... The hardest part of my job was having to tell someone there family member didnt make it. The most enjoyable part of my job was knowing that i was helping someone!!! ", " It a great company to work in your teenager living to get through college. I start at Wendy's in 2013 and three months later I was promoted to one of the shift managers. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Management was perfect, they were understanding and handled everything with proper work ethics. The hardest part of the job was adjusting to the long work days. The most enjoyable part about working for Amazon was the coworkers and managers encouraging you to do better, as well as helping you when you need assistance. Amazon is very flexible, and a nice place to work. With the laid back dress code its makes the day easier to get through and more comfortable. ", " - The typical day at work was always busy, I always came to work with something to do. There was every few times where i was sent home due to no work. - I learned how to tolerate people a lot more, my leadership skills has improved and also i learned how to operate an Electric Forklift. - Being able to work with my co-works was the highlight of working at Amazon. - taking orders from managers that contradict one other. Was not every easy being told to do something by one person then told to do something totally opposite by another. - Being able to enjoy my time with co-works. ", " It's all about the customers.  Packages must be delivered to them.  On the night shift it is imperative that everything goes out and everything is processed accordingly. ", " Long days with depression guaranteed.  I often try to find the good in any situation but after being in that ware house for 3 minutes all hope was gone.....  Wondering around for 10 hours scanning and stowing items, really does eat away at your soul.  Please, I urge you, for all that is decent on this earth don't join.  Choose happiness.... choose life. ", " I loved working at amazon. They were flexible with my schedule. The managers were all nice and understanding. Safety and customer satisfaction is #1 at amazon. There is a lot of room for advancement. I highly recommend. ", " Fast paced work place not suitable for everyone, 10 hour work days on your feet going up and down stairs on a normal basis. management is usually friendly and willing to help you with any questions you have, if they cant help you they know someone who does. ", " Terrible place to work overworked and underpayed. They don't care about their employees just that you show up and do the job and everyone else's. There's barely anytime for breaks or lunch. If you want to have NO life at all and be tired all the time and expect to work overtime then sure take the job. Pay checks are a lot less then what they should be especially after taxes are taken out. Managers are lazy and people are irresponsible. ", " The experience at Amazon was excellent.  The operation within the company was incredibly smooth and well organized, especially considering the enormous amount of product coming in and going out of the facility all the time.  Even more impressive was how helpful and appreciative the management was and it rubbed of on the other employees.  The team work was outstanding throughout the entire facility and the communication between the various departments created an environment where everyone feels they are playing a key part of the operation. ", " easy going job nice pay good chance to elevate. friend environment good place for work bonds an friendships to start. I enjoyed it. ", " i like to drive  on my job I deliver packages, there were about 140-150 stops per day.  work program began at 8:00 and ends  depending on how quickly I deliver ", " A typical day at Amazon for me was locking in trailers, taking care of paperwork between truck drivers and dock clerk. I learned how to operate several battery powered vehicles, how to sort, receive, and store product safely. Management was typical,more worried about numbers than the people working for them. Dealing with Amazon policies was a pain, they don't take into account the human equation. In other words \"To ere is human\". The most enjoyable part for me was all the people you interact with on any given day, so many different personalities, good and not so good. ", " We start the day with stretches; we needed to. We started work immediately. Management was fun yet stern also friendly and very attentive and helpful. Co-workers were easy to make friends easily with. The hardest part of the job was the long ride home;n no complaints. The most enjoyable part of the job was getting rewarded for hard work (vouchers and gift cards) ", " Working in an Amazon fulfillment Center can be challenging, as it is rewarding. I learned how to solve complex problems that could occur during a process, and how to fix the issue at a moments notice. Despite employee complaints, managers were by and large open to hearing concerns. I learned that any employee who take extra time to discuss issues, or opportunities with a managers can open many doors to success that were first deemed impossible. Amazon fulfillment is a great entry level position for anyone who needs a change or a new career path. My only word of caution is the positions are strenuous, and the entry-level jobs are built to last only for a few years. Range pay is small with the intention that an employee may stay in his or her position for a time, however, they are encouraged to take a advantage of paid school to gain a new career, with amazon or another company. An associate could also \"burn out\" over time. I would recommend to new employees involved early an often with new opportunities and processes within the facility. ", " A typical day at work at amazon starts with a 5 min stretch before any works done. Then, we check the board to find our station and begin working. Work consists of first retrieving a cart full of items, then scanning and packaging items according to size, and finally we tape and attach shipping information for transport. I liked the people and management it was a fun and challenging work which I loved, and the only hard part was leaving. ", " I worked in a well-organized, fast paced environment and maintaining an efficient personal rate along with accuracy. I was to inspect every item to make sure it was the correct item, damaged, or in suitable condition to ship out. I had to make sure I maintained a safe working condition for myself and for my co-workers by fallowing dress codes, safety procedures and by maintaining my work area. The job was relatively easy and repetitive. I enjoyed watching the new technology that was introduced from time to time and, like the KIVA systems. I also enjoyed learning the way the company operated, and what they did different to make sure they met costumers expectations. ", " Working at Amazon is meeting customers expectations. I have learned to be more self motivated to achieve the days outcome. Management is there to help when needed. Co-workers are pleasant to work with, and is always helpful when needed. The variety of tasks were challenging and exciting. ", " Amazon.com has a good managment area. Also Amazon.com gives to you the opportunity of personal succes through their school program. ", " You loose your life while working here. No family, friends or relationships of any kind. All you do is sleep and work. On top of that its physically and mentally demanding. You are constantly walking or lifting items for 60 hours a week. You loose your mental state from the lack of sleep, physical exhaustion and lack of social life. ", " Great company safe for working clean takes care of employees works together face to face communication great mangers . ", " If you are transitioning from school to a career job, and are currently unemployed, this is a good temporary job. However, the pay is not the best, and opportunities for growth are few and far between in the department I work in. Good work environment, with high regard for work place safety. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " advancement opportunities were scarce, if you were doing well in one certain position opportunities to move up were not in your consideration. hard work and exceeded expectations at times gone unnoticed. amazon motto is quality over quantity but in reality they make the rated function which items are needed to get out in a certain amount of time and pace over how the quality of the product is handled before shipment. a lot of favoritism between superiors and entry level in the warehouse. ", " The job was very good and had its benefits. But you would work so long you wouldnt have any free time. But the pay was excellent. ", " leaders could of been more one on one time with there employees and let them know how they are doing on their numbers . other than that it was a good company . ", " A typical day at work started with a \"huddle\" which let us know what we were expected to do that day for production. We went to our spots on assembly line and started packing. ", " Working at amazon you will learn a lot of saftey tips and a lot of training. The manager there are pretty cool if your dooing what your suppose to be doing the co workers are amazing and friendly and easy to get along with it is always busy unless their shipment did not make it the hardest part is having to be on your feet for 10 hours and staying up but the most enjoyable part is the activites and getting paid :) ", " I was working on the docks (outbound) so i was putting the boxs into the truck and it was a fast pace always kept a great personality and stayed a hard worker and listen well. co workers like every other job, the hardest part of the job was stacking the boxs in the truck an making a nice wall with boxs sorta like stacking fire wood ", " Been their for 6 yrs ready to move on if the money is right. Pick,stow,lifting and walking and standing. I am very flexible and I also enjoy getting to know the people around me; it's like a family atmosphere. I feel the time is right to move on to something new and express my talents. ", " No communication, management did not consider its workers when making decisions and there was little respect from management to associate. ", " I worked the night shift.  A typical day for me started at 5:45 PM because for some reason area managers are supposed to arrive very early, it would then end at 7am.  Shifts for line level folks are 10.5 hours long, and managers should tack on at least an hour on both ends of that.  That time was interspersed nicely between stretches of extreme boredom, and moments of mind numbing panic.  Honestly, I learned a lot about how an FC runs, and about how to survive in a corporate culture that values cronyism and dehumanizing your work force.  My job was basically to work people to just before the breaking point for as long as the work held out, then send them home to save hours.  My job could have been done by an excel spreadsheet and a whistle.  Management is almost entirely ex-military.  I have nothing but respect for our men and women who serve, unfortunately there is a difference between running a platoon of people sworn to listen to you, and getting people to follow you in the free market.  They don't know how to motivate people other than with threats or yelling.  Since I did not serve, I was automatically iced out and not one of the \"crew\".  The team that worked for me was absolutely amazing.  They gave more for me every night to get things done than anyone should ever have to do. They sacrificed life and limb to get things done for me, and they were fantastic people to work with.  I tried to treat them right, and they paid me back in spades.  Leaving was the best thing I ever did, but I almost stayed just to protect them from who I knew would replace me.  The hardest ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> part of the job was actually the innovation.  I am generally a very creative guy, but the requirements of this position are insane.  The good thing is that there is no stigma for failed ideas.  If your idea is terrible, no one holds it against you.  The problem is that every manager is required to come up with a new idea each quarter.  This leads to a lot of needless change because people can't leave things alone.  The most enjoyable part of the job was the day I quit, and the pay.  They pay you pretty well.  I got 68,000 the first year, and a 15,000 signing bonus for the first year, and had I stayed the second year.  I also got 250 shares of Amazon stock, which at one point was worth nearly 200,000.  However, the joke around the FC is that they are golden handcuffs.  You stay and tolerate things you shouldn't just to keep the money.  I turned it all down, including most of my first bonus just to leave after 10 months.  I would have left after 5, but it took me that long to get the job I wanted.  Its not worth it.    If you think you want this job, go simulate it first.  Go run 10 miles a day, while hefting boxes of about 20 pounds each every 30 seconds.  Hire someone to yell at you the whole time, and make sure you have a team to yell at too.  If you enjoy this, its the perfect job for you.  If you are human, walk away. ", " fun place to work to meet new people and make new friends.  4 days- 10 hr shifts.  Standing on your feet in one spot for 10 hrs, is tuff on the body.. but ok once you get used to it. ", " Inventory, Truck orders, payroll, and making the schedule was done daily. The most enjoyable part about working there was my overall experience (The work itself and customers) ", " I enjoy working at Amazon. It is a very fast paced environment and utilizes my strong work ethic. I like my coworkers and there is a lot of opportunity for advancement. ", " Different jobs each day a lot of opportunity possibly available but is very hard to advance to the jobs you would like to apply for it is a process to even get into Amazon so thats an accomplishment in itself. ", " Even though have 10 hours days, there is a good balance in the pay.  The company attempts to judge there rates verses other places in the area, and it is in general not bad. ", " All employees are very helpful and understanding. When you clock in you get your daily task and work at your station, if you need help you can ask anyone. No one looks down on you which is great. ", " great company to work for, keeps you busy and has great pay. The people there are very friendly and helpful, I do recommend this job for someone who likes to be moving at al times or likes a fast paced job. ", " Working at Legghorn's was very testing at times due to it being the first restaurant of the chain. It took long nights and early mornings to get the place up and running but in the end we thrived. Management was very unorganized at first but after coming together as a team we figured out what worked best for everyone that was part of the restaurant. Management accepted feedback from the employees and were very reasonable with being flexible with the scheduling. I strengthened my multitasking skills the most working at Legghorn's. ", " Working at Amazon has really help me build a strong work ethic, being in such a fast paced work environment has helped me be more efficient while still paying attention to detail. ", " Maintenance department good place to work.  Always something to do. Management for the most part is easy going. Maintenance policy work hard have fun. ", " Pickers or packers have quite a lot of physical work to perform every day. This work is very demanding and can span over multiple shifts. However, there is so much that one learns about warehouse operations when working as a picker. You will find pickers working in a variety of organizations that host warehouse environments.  Order picking and packing are not the only things that Amazon pickers do. They handle stock arrangements by ensuring that there is enough stock for shipment purposes and they also make sure that orders are ready for transportation. They also mark and label product containers and measure and count them to ensure appropriate quantity. Quality control is another task that picker/packers manage; they check each individual product to ensure that its quality is up to the mark and that any damaged products are isolated and reported. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The company made the overall experience at the company a lasting experience. Taking calls from customers was simple all the way to assisting the customers with issues and questions. ", " Typical day would be either problem solving or inventory audit. I have learned to problem solve issues using the variety of programs that has been shown to me. Lead amnesty group during our inventory counting. Management is always listening to new ideas. Co-workers are very diverse which makes it fun to work at . Not really to hard. Part I love about the job is the positive attitude the company instills to its employees. ", " Unfortunately, this is not an employer/environment that supports respect, balance, or security.  The best part of the experience has been the recruiter. Past the onboarding, it's been a living nightmare. ", " I loved working there other then it was a temp job, but walked 10 miles a day. but the people were really nice and good to work with even my boss. ", " for the money amazon starts you out with it is not a bad job. they have a lot of shift options and if you get hired on they have good benefits ", " Amazon is a great company from the outside, but has many visible flaws from the inside, as far as the mechanics of how it's employee environment is set.  I'd recommend working for Amazon if you want to be treated like the average Joe, but with minor benefits. ", " Ive been with the company for over a year now at DFW7.When I first started this job it was great!Great people work was actually work! This place went down hill in such a rapid time. Worst HR staff I've come across they will do anything to avoid peoples questions or conserns. Two of them told me they didnt have time for peoples conerns.The previous GM Derrral was outstanding! There is way too much favortism to the point were managres move certain people out of a department. People are given schedules that were not asked for and they have to work the shift regardless if not your fierd.Managers do whatever they want! Only 5 People that I started with are left it is a disaster.So unorganized i get to work having to spend 30 min to finally figure out were i will be working that day.Worst company i have worked for. It is unfortunate to say. ", " Start at 6:30 and wait in the queue for about 2 hours to load the parcels in your van. I've learned that it is not about who is right and who is wrong, but is about giving a great customer service experience to all the customers. The management was not the best because of the changes would happen on a weekly basis. Devices, starting hours, loading procedures, were all in constant change. All my co-workers were frustrated on a daily basis because of the changes. The hardest part of the job it was the changes. The enjoyable part was after a full day, when you could go home and take some rest, because tomorrow is going to start over. ", " A typical day at work was standing there pulling bins and scanning items to put them in slots for the customers.. I learned eye to hand coordination and how to do things in a timely manner..I got along good with my co-workers...The hardest part of the job was standing for 10 hrs straight...most enjoyable part of the job was the experience ", " Nice place to work. Management needs alittle work. Safety needs to be number one in warehouse, lots of accidents. Anyone can fit in. Management needs to be looked over, in my opinion. ", " typical day at amazon inbound: receive inventory from dock, then receive into the system then stowed for customer to order.  learned: to work in small and big groups, did experiments to help better the company, work with multiple different managers and trained thousands of new workers, learned how to order trucks check in and out trucks. work on four different forklifts  managements: changes every 6 months to a year, so I work with all different types of manager with different personality.  co-works are great help me stay as long I stayed at amazon  hardest part of working at Amazon is the long 10 hours days I don't mind but to much overtime   working with the associates and managers that care ", " I would sometimes pick the customers purchase or just pack the customer purchase during my time at Amazon. Amazon carries just about anything you can think of they have it; even very unique things as well ", " amazon is not a bad place to work. the hours are persistent and there are overtime opportunities. the training was very efficient and thorough. the work was pretty easy but you have to meet a certain criteria so time management is efficient. the pay was pretty good to and there is room for advancement ", " While I worked at Amazon during the peak season, things were quick, this isn't the kind of job you can slack off but that's what made it fun. I learned that hard work can most definitely be fun and rewarding. Everyone there were incredibly friendly and helpful from my co-workers to the management, honestly nothing was ever too hard because I had the help of everyone there and the most enjoyable part of this job is the people. You could be working a 5 hour shift but it would only feel like you worked two, times just fly's when working at Amazon. ", " Only work 4 days a week at 10 hours a day. Making 11.75 an hour but you get raises every 6 months. A lot of favoritism throughout the building and overtime is scattered except during peak season. Very hot inside certain buildings and they wont turn the air on until the beginning of May. Overall its a very easy job for someone right out of high school but the people who actually work hard always get reassigned to do things nobody wants to do. ", " I work in the most stressful part of the amazon process. The dock is loud, fast paced, and very demanding of a person. Most coworkers are ready to go home if they know that they are being sent to the dock . Mostly because there is a lack of work ethic in this country. ", " Great place to work with good benefits but of you are not flexible this is not the place for you to be. Other than that its perfectly fine ", " As a picker, I would gather and load about 1000 items in a day to be sent off to the packing department. I would walk about 10 miles or more in 10 hours and I would do this 4 days straight. I learned in a few weeks how to do this efficiently from using the scanner gun I use to identify where I'm going and what I needed to pick up. The management staff was friendly but was often absent from the station I'm supposed to visit them at when I needed their help (and the help stations within the work area are few and far between). And the co-workers to which I conversed with were all nice people. The best part about the job was getting off at 6 and sometimes joining some guys in the break room for some rounds of Soul Calibur on the PS3.  The problem for me was that I kept having issues regarding my feet being in pain despite my custom doctor-prescribed inserts for my flat feet as well as my eyes. Though it apparently it isn't much of a problem for most people at Amazon, I kept having a problem of dust or what not getting caught in my eye, scratching the top layers up and leaving infections. I went to the doctors on numerous occasions and bought many pairs of goggles. The ones that the warehouse would approve me of didn''t work, and the ones that did were rejected. To avoid the problems I had, bring some non-tinted ski mask goggles, though they can get pricey. ", " liked this place to work. Went in to work and did what i had to do and made great friends. Got to operate diffrent machines and learn different skills. ", " The co-workers are nice but managers are two faced and sexist. Nights sucked but not sure of days and schedule was good. The hardest part of the job was making it thru the night and the most enjoyable part of the job was going home after 10 hour of work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " the warehouse was super loud half of the time it smelled and we were always struggling for 20 to 30 minutes for parking and it takes forever to promote ", " A typical day would be having a co-worker talk about how the days going to go, then do some stretches. Then we would go to a station and build boxes up and then pack single items into that box then tape it up and send it down the line. I learned fast working, team work, and motivation. The hardest part about it was standing for 12 hours for 5 or 6 days straight. ", " learned how to work some new things. coworkers were nice managers was good at what they do. There was nothing really hard about the job I adapt to it really quickly. ", " Its a fun place to work... Pay is very low and the job is not hard but long hours on your feet. You can listen to music. A chance to move up to team lead is offered ", " Busy days, learned to lead, great co workers, peak is really busy, helping fellow associates is a lot of fun.  You must come ready to work! ", " N/A Still employed Has excellent benefits Hours are great..have 3 days off 10 hour shifts make it good for family time and has an excellent leave accommodations team ", " A typical day at work was to get to the job and move as fast as you could to get the items on your scanner. I learned to move faster than I ever moved before because fast paced movement is required for the job I had which was called \"Picker\" they call it that because as a picker you would go around picking out items ordered by customers. The management was kind of aggravating because they weren't much help around the job and they would have attitudes with me about me not getting my check as if it were my fault. The co-workers at the job are really easy going people they would help you if you need it. The hardest part of the job for me was moving at such a fast pace for hours at a time but I eventually got used to it. ", " I would answer customer service calls from customer who needed help with things like tracking their packages, placing orders on the website, canceling services and accounts, and refunding orders and fees. We would communicate with co-workers and employers across the country via a chat service, provided by the company. I would help co-workers answer questions about policies and procedures, and show them where they could find the information in the future. ", " Very fast pace place . Must be a team player .Management easy to get along with and have your back.Peak season is very busy but fun . ", " Good benefits but pay is not great. Most jobs are easy but be prepared to be on your feet for 10 hrs a day and walking a lot. Most enjoyable part of the job is the relationships you get to build with coworkers and management and coming together as a team. ", " A typical day at amazon was to go inside, pass security and stretch. the bell rings and work begins.  fast paced and always active, breaks were broken up duiring peak season.  job was fun but the hours were long and you are never really sure about the security of the job. ", " I learned what mental strength I had. I walked fifteen miles per shift, I worked ten hours shifts sometimes six days a week. I wouldn't trade my experience for anything in the world. ", " The company is always changing and believes in continuous improvement to perfect processes. Management style is engaging and to remove barriers to improve total throughput. ", " Seeing my best efforts produce positive results and enjoying successes with my co workers is rewarding for me.  A typical day is to be ready each minute for the unexpected and to rise to each occasion as it presents itself. ", " Its Ok. If you have alot going on in your life not recommended lots of overtime and can cause your body stress. Benefits are great and some of the managers are pretty cool overall i give it a 3 out of 5 ", " overall a good company to work for, great compensation and  benefits, flexible schedules and the management team is very supportive. ", " I liked working in this warehouse for the first 2 weeks. After I started work there the staff became horrible towards other workers. ", " A typical day at work consisted of walking more than ten miles a day, and interacting with co-workers and management regarding orders and shipments. I learned that the inbound/outbound warehouse industry is a fast paced and detail oriented environment. Timing and efficiency are keys to success. Management did not communicate effectively, myself and fellow co-workers often completed tasks of management, after several requests, in order to be completed in a timely fashion.  Being a team player and cooperating with co-workers help in the process of getting work done quickly.The hardest and the most enjoyable part of the job were the obstacles, such as misplaced orders, and figuring out what went wrong and finding a solution. ", " As soon as you walk in the door you are on the move. The work really makes the time fly by and the co-workers there are very friendly. It may take a few weeks to get used to all the soreness but it will really keep you in shape. ", " A typical day at work for me consist of me fulfilling customer orders as they come through on the scanner that I use. We as pickers walk on average up to 10-12 miles a day. I don't get to spend to my time with my coworkers because we have a fast pace job but the ones I do know personally are a joy to work with. The hardest part of my job is making sure I have energy to last me a long 10hour day 4 days in a row.  Management has really help me to learn a lot and become a better worker then I was the day before. The most enjoyable part about my job is teaching my co workers and watching the light bulb come on when they finally get something. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Frustrating place to work due to lack of management interacting with team members and following up on tasks.  Managers do not  have the time or ability to constantly have basic 1 on 1s, correct defective or poor work performance, and give constructive feedback. ", " Most of the co-workers are respectful, nice and willing to help each other if needed. Workers feels more motivated when the raffles and competitions come within the day. Is such a great company. ", " A day at work consists of counting inventory, and finding any defects that may have arisen during the receive or stow process. Also maintaining a rate of 150/hr for a simple bin count, and 16/hr for a cycle count, and at the same time making sure you have no quality defects on your part of counting, all of this counts against you. This is a repetitive job, same thing every day, there is no room for advancement at this company. ", " Everyday is like Day 1, i feel satisfied that i learn so much each day! Team is awesome to work with!  Very well planned sprints and a team with great dedication  :) ", " A typical day starts with getting to the facility at 5:30 pm. You would attend \"stand up\" to learn about whats going on for that day and any announcements the company has. Then you would get straight to work. If you were stowing you would grab U-boats full of work to stock the shelves with. If you were receiving you would be opening boxes and receiving the items into the facility so that it can get stored on the shelf. If you were problem solving then you would be on a computer until someone came up to you with a problem and then you would try to fix it as soon as you could. You do this for 10.5 hours a day. You get two 15 minute breaks and a 30 minute unpaid lunch. After lunch you attend another stand up and then go straight to work. Then you leave the end of shift at 4:00 am. ", " A typical work day consist of loading trailers with different box size and weights. It gets very tiresome and it causes wear and tear on the body. My manager is awesome he goes far beyond to help us out that includes getting in the trailer and loading it. My co-wokers and I don't have time to communicate due to the high volume of work we have to do. The hardest part of the job is loading the trailers by hand for 10 hours a day. And the most enjoyable part of the job are the different activities we do on certain anniversary days we have. ", " The typical day included meetings with my team and my peers team to review project updates and proposals for new initiatives. Among the many teachings, I learned how to develop a financial model for forecasting and to write a clear and concise six page proposal for a business plan,   The hardest part of this job was that strategic planning, reviewing and revising  required resources that pushed back execution.    My co-workers were some of the smartest people I've worked with and I really enjoyed meetings where we used whiteboards to understand a root cause and work together to find a solution. ", " Long hours in hot conditions learned nothing management sucks co-workers are good people hardest part is walking ten miles a day ", " Of the few warehouse positions I had, Amazon seemed to be the best so far. They have failed to disappoint their faculty and employees. ", " Great company and face paced environment, great place to have a career. An typical day is being on your feet for 12 hours a day handling customers orders either picking the items from the bins and sending them on the belt up to be package. You learn what the company has to offer and the different products that is being sold. Most enjoyable would be receiving the paycheck at the end of the week. Seeing that all the hard work that your doing is paying off. ", " I've been at amazon for 3 months now and I can say it's been 3 months too long. I have never heard a single person say they \"love their job\" or that they enjoy working there. Just people with the look of mourning on their face while they push through the day. The jobs there are very grueling with a very depressing vibe. It's ran like a concentration camp complete with the psychological games meant to keep you feeling less than human.   You can have any music, can't socialize, given in-achievable goals and forced to work extremely hard and barely given any time to rest. At most you get 20 minutes to sit down over an almost 12 hour shift. The break room is strange full of people that sit across from someone never speaking or barely speaking because amazon doesn't let let you socialize or talk to other workers. If you do it's very brief otherwise you'll have a manager or someone wearing a hi-viz vest that gets paid the same low rate as you threatening you like they own you. You work in an extremely hazardous environment where objects that can seriously injure or even kill you fall off the shelves constantly.   Several times I've found dangerous items and even weapons in places that could harm someone not to mention the times I've almost had my foot crushed if I hadn't moved so quickly to avoid items. Others are not so lucky yet the management makes jokes about these things.   Don't mention union because it's like a slave mentioning freedom to a master. They'll play mind games with you by trying to convince you that it's better to be a slave so they can manipulate you into ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> working their 12 hour shifts 5 days a week. You won't have time to do anything other than sleep when you come home and sleep on your days off because they work you so hard you're always tired and sore.    You have no control over anything you do. Even going to the bathroom will get you yelled at. Management for the most part can care less about you. They're just there to blurt out whatever amazon tells them to say and to point their rifle at you and tell you to keep working or they'll shoot.They lack people skills and managerial skills and they make every mistake you can imagine with people. I have no idea how they were approved for the jobs but I can only assume Amazon doesn't like people that can actually think for themselves and use critical thinking because these managers and managerial staff aren't at all intelligent and it shows.  Your co workers come from all walks of life. From people who are just out of highschool to people on house arrest, drunks, druggies, felons, they're all here. Amazon exploits people for labor and they don't care because they always know people will  be desperate for a job. Where PHL7 is it's not exactly a thriving economy and there's plenty of people in need of work. Either way Amazon overworks these people and each day is harder than the last because you're always tired. They try to offer their \"carrots on a stick\" like raffle prizes and give away gifts but I've yet to see anyone admit to winning anything or receive anything they claim people won.   They do play favorites though. Mainly the jobs at PHL7 the ones other people strive for are given to women that look decent on some level or people that are buddy buddy with the people above them. You can work hard and meet all their goals and they'll never know your name or even look to promote you.  My job there is very short lived as A LOT of people have quit when I started or came and went. I like to think of those as the SMART people that had better options than killing themselves for a company that's going to fire them anyhow when things get slow. This is not a company that cares about it's workers..there's a reason that it says \"New Hires Start Here\" permanently painted on the building. It's hard to find people that have been her for over a year as it's a rarity and very few have been there long including the managers.   Overall it's shocking to see people limping to their cars after a workday because amazon pushes them so hard. It's not the nature of the work that makes the job bad, the work itself is actually quite simple but it's the crack of amazon's whip that makes the place unbearable by tying to force you to work at a pace that not only hazardous but damaging to your health.  There's better ways to make money without stooping so low as to punish yourself working for a company that doesn't care about you. ", " AMAZON PACKS PRODUCTS TO BE DELIVERED TO PRIVATE HOMES,FELT LIKE WE WERE IN SANTAS WORKSHOP,WITH DEADLINES TO MEET &amp; PACKING EVERY TOY EVER PRODUCED!GREAT TEAMWORK WITH SAME GOAL,GET EVERYTHING PACKED &amp; SHIPPED OUT  TO BE DELIVERED ON TIME,HARDEST PART WAS, IT WAS SEASONAL &amp; THO WE APPLIED FOR PERMANENT,WE WERE FORCED TO RELOCATE,BEST PART,WE MADE SANTAS JOB VERY MUCH EASIER!NO REGRETS!! ", " I enjoy working at Amazon's Fulfillment Center.  The place is large, very active, and people from all walks of life tend to work well together. ", " Good money and hard job as I've been working night shifts. Very happy about the overall process of how the warehouse was managed wih so many employes out there. Very high standards of health security as well which made Amazon a really safe place to work. ", " I started with them and everything was fine then 2 weeks later they don't want me to return because I am not in the process of a bachelors degree or yet to have one. Upsets me that they wouldn't tell me at the beginning and snatched that opportunity from right under me. ", " Perception weighs a lot more than performance. If you can nod your head in any situation and agree with the abundant number of managers you will go straight to the top but beware of having an opinion that doesnt agree with management then you are not a team player. Clean environment good pay unbelievable time off. Dont look for support from your manager his/her role is only to agree to whatever operation says. In two years I never heard my supervisor say anything technical electrical mechanical or suggest a remedy to an issue. ", " picking orders and packing them. I learned that amazon cares more about their customers than they do about their employees. the management there was not very inclined to listen to employees to fix certain problems and sometimes made the job more difficult. the hardest part of the job is having to deal with incompetent managers on a daily bases. the most enjoyable part of the day is seeing some of your fellow employees. ", " the hardest part of the job is the fact that have to leave work late this sometimes provides some difficulties as i have to drive late. i like working in this company because i have made some great friends which i would've not met if i wasn't working here. ", " Working there more than once, I have been working in three different work stations. You have to learn to work as an individual because you are rated on how fast and how well you got your work cleared for the night. Co-workers were easily made due to the family like atmosphere but that was also the hardest part. I your co-workers got behind you individually would be assigned to pick up their work as they were dismissed for the shift. Most enjoyable part would be the checks you receive every week, feeling like you have earned that money for the hard work. ", " 10 hour days long and hot. the robots are cool! too much favortisum. ive met alot of great people. you need high rates or you get written up or fired. the money is great "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " \"You can definitely learn a lot in short spam in Amazon as they make you work a lot\"   I have been working at Amazon.com  Pros  vibrant, fast paced culture - smart, fun, aggressive colleagues - management is focused on latest tech trends and staying or becoming a leader for many of them - by and large, customers and partners are very positive about the technology - good benefits and perqs ", " I really did love working at speedway. I was able to build a bond with a lot of my customers. The only issue I had was when I was robbed at gun point I was not able to switch shifts. ", " When i worked here there were a lot of older staff members. Most of them women. Literally a few man staff, including myself. But it was ok. Mellow...easy work. stocking and what not. You do keep busy doing something pretty much all day. ", " The only hard part of the job would be trying to load your tote with a maximum 50 items but the items can sometimes be bigger than the tote, so you have to always keep placing them on the conveyor. ", "  \tPack Customer\u2019s orders in a timely manner  \tPractice good safety habits  \tReport any inconsistencies Practice good safety practices ", " A typical day at work would be fairly simply and straight forward. You would start your by clocking in going to your desk and check to see whats knew and what has changed. Then you would start your work after that first step and proceed to do your job with taking calls in a very professional manor, and you would also do this in a timely manor. Then about every two to two and a half hours you would take a break an then a lunch for an hour after you completed your first four hours.   I learned a great deal from this job and its how great you can actually work when you are working as a team. An that you can only do what you can do. In addition to that the management was more than stellar. These guys were always there to help in answering questions and show you how to fix problems and what to do if something bad happened. The employee's them self were a very wide variety and completely mixed of all races and gender all very friendly and always willing to help you in the long run.   The hardest part of the job was just maintaining your time.   The most enjoyable part was just working there and being apart of amazon's corporation. ", " Very Hard To Do But Once You Get Used To It , Its Amazing  I Was A Picker And It Was Extremely Hard My First 2 Weeks With My Body Trying To Get Adjusted . ", " Amazon.com is a productive and safe environment to work in. I am a problem-solver (computer and detail oriented work) and I'm in the ISS department which deals with trouble tickets. The 10 hour shifts are cascading, so every day there are different associates starting their work week.    During Peak (Christmas time), I was promoted to a seasonal leadership position, (ISS Field Representative), during which time, my leadership and communication skills was greatly enhanced.   The management at Amazon is dedicated to getting the work done in an efficient and safe manner. They conduct stand-ups at the beginning of the shift and after lunch to put out information and to place personnel in their job assignments.   The challenge is to complete 25 ISS trouble tickets a day. Some of the tickets are time consuming and the method of retrieving the product from inventory to the ISS department doesn't always work correctly.   The most enjoyable part of working at Amazon is working with people from all over the world and all walks of life. ", " It was fun place to work at, free lunches and benefits to employee, customer satisfaction was the gist of management. It was not ready to listen advancement of employees as far as career is concerned. ", " Management at this facility is very focused on the safety and workplace attitude of employees. They communicate this daily and take reportable action on any and all issues. Whether this is for the benefit of management or workers has yet to be seen. ", " i think amazon is great for seasonal work cause they treat their employess like trash and lett the vets that been there go but they reward everybody even the temps not just the hired on folks but the managment team iss bad the breaks are terrible stand all day on hard concrete and u only get two 10min breaks and 30min lunches but when its slow they will let you leave if you would like too but they treat you like you a kid tell you you cant talk and the medical issues is terrible how they do to do when the dr gives u days off cause of an injury i was fired due to a misunderstanding between HR and managemnt team and FMLA ", " The several months I was working at Amazon I gained experience and I learned how to prepare myself to work. I met a plethora of helpful and caring people. ", " I currently work in customer returns, I am at warehouse deals and it is a very small team, but we all get on really well. I do various jobs at this department, but I am currently grading 90% of the heavy bulky items, very time consuming but enjoyable.  The hardest part of the job is going into work and not Knowing IF YOU ARE GOING TO BE THERE THE NEXT DAY. My personal opinion is that is not very fair for the associates as they are giving more than 100% at this employment but do not know if they have a job.  Best part of the job is having fun with your colleagues but working hard at the same time. ", " The hours were challenging, but love the weekly pay! I would go back if it payed more. For anyone who wants a easy job apply there. ", " Fast paced, good pay especially with all the overtime, helpful management, very repetitive and competitive. The people I  worked with were pretty cool, I did not talk to a lot of people, but on breaks (which are pretty short) I was able to have some social time. ", " When you first start they tell you that you have a chance to become permanent, in thr year that ive worked here only one time. they converted, anf it was 10 people out of 100s. there us no motavation to come to work and work hard to get done soon because if u get done soon you go home w/o pay, your guarenteed 18hrs but 20 is still more than 18. You get flexed up last minuet, i mean 5:59 n you get off at 6:00, no respect or care its either stay or get points/term. The management plays favorites, anybody thats an ambassador, or pa is a suck up and good friends with management so they walk around n do nothing the whole time while everybody works. They dont train newhires worth darn,  the pallets are built really bad because of newhires that were just walked around the building instead of trained how to fix and build pallets. They dont care about saftey, osha would have a field day, 7-8 ft stacks of boxes on a pallet unwraped and being stacked on is a hazzard, unloading trucks   standin on stools an reaching for boxes is unsafe, you get paid the same unloading trucks everyday, or sorting flat envelopes,  or sorting boxes. The site leader is a joke, you ask a serious question and he starts throwing big words at you as if hes explaining something in detail, but, in actuality its just a complecated way of saying \"i dont know\" or\"eventually\" or  \"probly not\".this job needs union so bad its not funny. My advice, if your looking for a part time just for extra cash, it ok...dont come here to dfw8 and think your gonna be promoted, get a raise, be made permanent, treated with respect, or ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> be appreciated for anything, management is production happy, scan boxes at rate or seasonal assignment will be terminated is how they feel, they don care about anything but number, so thats all you should care about ", " The fulfillment center is a new idea with Amazon, and I like how they're all about taking care of their people--something I've rarely seen in my previous stops. Seems like they're willing to move you up if you're willing to put the time in. ", " Job requires a lot of walking which can be very strenuous on your back...the warehouse is very large and you are required to cover a large amount of area in a short amount of time ", " Working at Amazon is a very straightforward experience. 10 hour days, with two breaks and one lunch in between. Morning meetings were held by an always enthusiastic manager to set daily goals, and highlight achievements. My coworkers were mainly very diligent, opting not to fraternize until breaks. The 10 hour days were challenging, but goals and incentives made the challenge welcome. The enjoyable part of the job for myself was knowing that I had achieved my personal goal of learning the job, and overcoming the learning curve that would have kept me from progressing. ", " I enjoyed working for amazon its a fun fast paced work place you meet lots of awesome people and its just a overall great place to work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " amazon expects an employee to work like a robot. The job requires that you exceed these ridiculous numbers. They focus on barriers preventing you from reacching the quota for the quarter. I dn't recommend anyone working for this company. You know they are trying to hide something when you get a write up for accidentially bringing in your cell phone. ", " A typical day at work consist of walking at a fast pace and placing merchandise in correct area so that it can be loaded on the trucks. My position taught me how to work at a fast pace and in a timely manner. My overall experience with management was good. Most co-workers are friendly and willing to help when you are confused. There isnt anything hard about the job. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to meet new people. ", " It is a good place to learn but it is not a good place to have fun. People there are very nice, but the working culture isn't some I like. ", " I enjoy working in a team player environment. Amazon is a very fast pace working environment. The hardest part of working at Amazon is working their peak season. I worked twelve hours days (60 hours work week for 3 months). The most enjoyable part of working at Amazon is being able to work as a team and meet the deadline for the orders so that the customers orders will arrive to them in the time stated. ", " A typical day at work would be inconsistent work being provided for us some nights through out the work days which would lead to some people becoming \"Time Off Task\" because they're struggling to find work on one level. ", " A typical day was long and fast paced. I learned that time management is very important. My managers and co workers were helpful. They always checked on the employees gave tips on work. The hardest part of my job was balancing school and work. I enjoyed the effort that was put into work. ", " Amazon.com has a good managment area. Also Amazon.com gives to you the opportunity of personal succes through their school program. ", " Fun and friendly environment. Equall oppertunities for all. Fast paced job. High energy everyday. Laid back vibe and nice pay. ", " I learned how much to excepted in the job field. Management and the co-workers we're their when you needed them. The hardest part of the job is meeting the Qualification you needed to reach to work their. The enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people and working with them. ", " Amazon is a factory so the environment is very fast paced. Everyone takes breaks and lunches at the same time. In the morning, everyone huddles to discuss sales from the previous day and goals for that day. While working, each employee has a station with a computer and several different bins. As a customer returns processor, you inspect each product and determine whether it is re-sellable or not. After the decision has been made, it is placed into the corresponding bin where it travels down the conveyor belt to its designated location. ", " I quickly bought into the Amazon ideals...I very much enjoyed my job as a pack ambassador as well as safety commitee associate. Sadly after a few months all the safety and customer centric ideals that I whole heartedly embraced went to the way side in lieu of production. The leadership at DFW 7 is seriously lacking...I believe a new GM is in order! ", " Learned a lot in both Inbound and Outbound departments. Had supports and positive feedbacks from upper management team. Got trained and did excellent performance in the company. ", " I would get there early to make sure I was not late. I would clock in and we would have standup which meant we would listen to the managers tell us how good we are doing or what we needed to improve on. Then we would exercise by stretching and other stuff. I had good coworkers most of all of us got along with each other. It was a good professional environment. The hardest part of my job would be keeping up with the weekly rate which I did but we all struggled with it. The most enjoyable part was Driving machinery. I did not really standing in one spot fixing boxes for the product to be shipped. I helped train people to drive order pickers and do their jobs. ", " Typical day at work .. Packing and handling box and materials putting kits together  I Learned how to organize more and how to do things based off the codes and item you pull off sheets to get the right product,   Management: Management was very well   The hard part about the job: was learning how to drive a forklift  The most part i enjoyed was being there everyday and making the company better with my service ", " Job security, flexible hours, fun managers, company events. Paid time off and paid vaca!! Moving up in the company is easy! Great discounts on amazon.com and other great discounts! Many friends to be made pay is great! ", " long hot hours, decent pay, management is very unorganized, very little room for growth, the buildings is way over crowded company does cool things around Christmas time. ", " Typical day: Walk, scan, pick item and repeat. What I learned: how to scan, pick items and how much I regret starting there (so far). Management: When I started on nights, the night manager was quitting in a week, no replacement so far (just started my 3rd month). I don't know why but heard he was sick of it there but that's a rumor so...I just assume he had a better job offer. Co-workers: People are as people go, some friendly if you have to ask a question and some look like you spit in their face if you bother them. Hardest part of my job is the walking, whoever programmed their system for picking orders needs to come pick for a week, My bet is they would quit before that week is up. It doesn't have to be like that from one isle for 1 item and then up 10 for the next, it's like that all the time, there is a clear pattern and the only reason I can see is to weed out people that are in poor health and make them want to quit. Most enjoyable: That's a tough one but I would have to say quitting time at this point.  This is the low down from my perspective, I'm 48 and a former carpenter so I've done a lot of up and down ladders and stooping over so yeah I have bad knees and back pain so take this ever how you want, if you come from my sort of background you will hate it because you may think \"oh it's just walking for 10 hours a night\" but it's tougher than you think. They want a minimum of 90 items picked on average per hour. Now again the \"system\" will have you in isle 1 for one item and then you'll have to walk ten isles up for 1 item, then maybe upstairs one level for ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> 1 item or 10 items, then back down stairs or 100 isles (it's insane). The only time I've met quota is once and my picks were maybe 10 in the same isle and I never had to move more than one isle for the next 10 picks. I had 100 picks on average per hour with 240 items picked by 1st break. Best I can do is 70-75 picks per hour on average and I feel like my knees and going to blow out. Not their problem I know and my bet is I'll be let go at the end of my 3rd month and honestly I don't care, it'll be ok with me. Their expectations are completely unrealistic.  Had a company meeting and they had \"The Offer\" for employees that had been there at least one year and it was basically they would pay you $1000 per year of employment to quit, then said we don't want anyone to take it...REALLY? Why offer it then, they think people are that stupid of course they want them to take it because they can pay a young kid much less than someone who has been there longer.  If you are young, energetic and can hang you'll probably love it and if committed you'll probably move up in positions, who knows but know this...since I started they have hired nearly 100 people to pick per month or more (that I know of) and if they hired that many is only because that many either quit or was let go.  Breaks for pickers are 15 minutes from scanned item to scanned item so that means in reality is 10 minute breaks and lunch is 30 minutes.  So for me it's not working out but again I'm older than most pickers there and I'm not saying older folks can't do the job, but I don't fit that mold and that company seems to think everyone is. Bad thing is I can't change positions unless I get faster where i am now, Not gonna happen. ", " Typical day at work is somewhat steady.  Learned how to run every piece of machinery on the job.  Became an Ambassador at Amazon to train new employees on how to perform certain processes.  Co-workers are not very lively, they don't care about what they have to do at work.  I enjoy working with certain people who are up beat and care about making sure the job gets done. ", " The worst place i have worked in my life. Management are nowhere near flexible. The place is run on a point system which is bollocks. i have seen a more organized corner shop.  Never in my life will i purchase off amazon or work for them again.   No social life.   Wouldn't advise anyone to work here. ", " The most enjoyable part was solving the customers issue on their account. A typical day at work was very busy especially during holidays. I learned Amazon has just about everything you need. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Mandatory overtime, very tiring. Not too bad for the money you make. Allowed to wear whatever you want and you meet pretty awesome people. ", " If you know your worth as a human being and have respect for yourself I wouldn't recommend this place to you. Don't get me wrong the pay is good but there's no unity, everyone is out for themselves and most managers can care less. At the end of the day I'm thankful for the time at Amazon because it showed me a lot but without unity things crumble and your work environment get super negative. ", " Typical day starts with announcements and warm ups and stretches . You learn to use your body the proper way and not to over extend certain muscles and yourself . Management was always willing to help as much as they could in any situation . Co-workers were all fun and energetic and from all parts of the country and world . The hardest part about the job were the long shifts , they were 10hrs long. The most enjoyable part about the job was the free workout ! ", " great place work but less room for promotion in company hard life as a packer they should shift schedule management skills its good as company manager as skills how to handle workers ", " the day started off with stand up and music playing, getting the daily news of out productivity and quality. I learned how to use a scanner and the management there was professional, always open minded and patient with any new comer. the hardest part of the job was the 30 min drive to and from work. the most enjoyable part was all the dancing that went on during stand up and all the awards and prizes given daily ", " A typical day work for amazon consisted of, handling phone calls from happy to out raged angry customers, Help keep customers and making others smile, My most favorite part of the day is handling the  angry customers, because they help make a good impact on customer relations when they leave happy. ", " On one very day, i learnt on how to contact/send e-mails to amazon customer service via MS Excel.  My co-workers are friendly, and we always work as part of a team which makes the job effective and efficient. Is fun working with amazon and through team work, i find nothing hard about the job. The most enjoyable part of the job is the working environment, positive energy and updates of the system. ", " I hated going to work everyday busting my hump just to know that i did not have a chance in the world for advancement in my position and its hard knowing that a company you are working to the bone for does not value you as an associate. ", " Amazon mistreats a lot of their employees, but pays very good so that's pretty much the only thing good about that place. ", " Training is very poor, and the managers are quick to write you up for doing the slightest thing wrong. They do NOT know how to talk to nor manage associates, managers talk very disrespectfully and expect you to coincide with their instructions. HR is a joke, instead of them being for the associates they seem to like to deflect and keep the management in good graces. They don't practice what they preach, and they expect associates to go above and beyond for them but won't return the favor. ", " I worked full-time at Amazon for 1 month at the Christmas period. I worked nightshift. 10pm til 7am.  I picked all the products that the customers have ordered then I proceeded to take them to the shipping area where the products are then taken to the customers.  I also packed the products and cleaned the warehouse occasionally.  the most enjoyable part of the job was working with my friends and meeting new people. ", " what ive learned working at amazon is that you have to know interact with people. things I learned while working here was stow, pick, receive, learned how to drive the walkie, orderpicker, tugger , standup, clamp truck, an the reach truck ", " A typical day would be going throughout the plant and making sure that items are in their correct location and finding \"lost\" items. ", " Typically the same thing every day,no variety or excitement. They don't seem to care about workers. However, it is easy money. ", " enjoyed this job i learned every day i went ,got on well with my co workers i wish the job had been permanant but it was temperary over xmas period i loved the work i did i never found the work hard i got on well with the management gary cooper ", " I've learned that anything is possible working at Amazon. The management and staff were always supportive and inspirational. The co-workers were very outgoing individuals. The hardest part of the job  for me was the levels I'd push myself to be better than yesterday. My most enjoyable part of the job is hearing my name on the loud speaker recognized as one of the top packers in all of Amazon and if I may add being one of the first to win the FAB 50 AWARD! ", " A typical day at work starts with us stretching then going to our designated area. I have learned to be a team lead and work with out supervision and still get my job done. The management is good but could use some work,but my co-workers and great and very hard working.The hardest part of my job is making sure i get all the packages out that i have to have out by critical pull times. the most enjoyable part is knowing that i have all my due outs, out and that the customer will be satisfied. ", " great job. plenty of growth and job incentive. do your best to converted. easy money. 12hr shift can drag on but worth it. prepare to walk a total of 8miles of day in some departments. ", " Maintenance department good place to work.  Always something to do. Management for the most part is easy going. Maintenance policy work hard have fun. ", " Really good to work for.Working for the company is good because you can get discount on all products. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Worked for a temp service and very interesting job and learned alot about on line shopping. My knowledge about new technology has expanded tremdously. I had a fun night because I learned about products that I didn't know about. Co-workers was great. ", " I will say that it was arguably the ideal first job at least for about a year. There were too many changes in management. A typical day working here is very tedious and repetitive. Most employees were happier distancing themselves from direct labor. The system for tracking employee attendance and productivity was flawed and often exploited. Work-based decisions for adjustments in work processes seldom favored the associate to make their work easier and faster. Work ethic was considerably less important than social capabilities. In other words, talking got an employee more likely to move forward for promotions than productivity. The people I worked with were courteous and just as hardworking. In my opinion, the hardest part of working here was dealing with the long-term effects that the work had on an individual. I think what I found enjoyable, however, was the unique work ethic and the people around me. ", " an average day i ether work in trucks build walls with boxes or building pallets with boxes , also build pallets with totes. i sometime load trucks with P.I.T. I learned how things work and why we do what we do. management isn't that great, very unprofessional. my co-workers are ok, most of them enjoy standing around talking and dont pitch in to help each other unless told to. the hardest part of working is not being able to do anything bout people slacking off. the most enjoyable part of the job is helping others and teaching them new things everyday. ", " It's a bit political, but there are opportunities to advance. Just work hard, stay out of trouble and follow directions and you'll be fine. ", " Co-workers are great but leadership lacks discipline and communication. Company seems to promote out before promoting inside. ", " Meeting with your manager before you start working. Then you know where you will working. Packing, picking or something else. 10 hours per day, three breaks. One 30 min, next two for 15 min. ", " loved this job! I loved all the people I worked with and I loved what I did as a problem solver. I stayed very busy.  My job was to fix things. Virtual and physical problems with inventory and customer orders. I enjoyed this job because I was helping people. ", " i worked in amazon warehouse was a stower and it was okay until they had to lay me off because it was a temp job. i worked there for 6months straight. ", " Amazon is a secure job with very productive work place. It has decent pay and great benefits. However poor management and even worse co-workers ", " If you're not bothered by working 10 hour shifts then it's a really spectacular job. The employees are great, the managers are easy to talk to and very helpful, and the work isn't difficult. Depending on what job you end up doing it can be long and tedious, but it's not hard money by any means. ", " A typical day at work was morning exercise then work. What I learned was meeting our daily quote alone with management and co-workers understanding of our goals. The hardest part of the job was walking for 10 hr. The most enjoyable part of the job was getting off. ", " The environment was very friendly. It is a very diverse company as well. You will meet all kinds of different people working with Amazon. ", " Worked as an intern at Lab126. The assigned project was one of the most challenging one. Learnt a lot of new things but had to put in the hours. ", " Working for Amazon is ok. The thing is about it, that every supervisor get loose what they doing and never communicate to each other. ", " I enjoyed working at Amazon. The overall job duties I had were very enjoyable. Also they move people around a lot so you learn how to do new things. ", " My typical day at amazon was fun and enjoyable. I learned the importance of safety while working at amazon.com. Management was fair and treated everyone equal. My co-workers were the best part of Amazon.com, they were more like family then co-workers. The hardest part of working there, is promotion. Promotion was limited to someone quitting or being termed. ", " there is nothing bad to really say. The people there really micro manages you on everything. Every fault is your fault. Be careful with everything and in everything that you do ", " At Amazon your enjoyment and motivation level will be directly driven by your local management team.  As such, the Toy Team should be avoided. It's micro-culture is one of cliques, and work quality is measured in shear hours vs. quality of work.   That said, as with any team at Amazon, there is always the prestige of working at a major company, plus there are always very interesting projects two work on.   Toy is so Q4 heavy, however,  management refuses to acknowledge the category's uniqueness in this respect and allocate the needed temp help. The result is full-time employees working a minimum of 80 hrs/week from Oct- Dec. There is no down-season to make up for this peak. The team has extremely high turnover (55% in the first 4 month's I was there).  This means that full-timers are constantly being asked to take on well above and beyond what was described in their hiring process. Expect to do the work of 2 FTEs for 80% of your time on this team.  Normally Amazon has a great policy of allowing free movement within the company. The Toy team is the exception. Because of their bad reputation within the company it's rare for internal candidates to transfer. This caused management to block employees from leaving the team to stem the bleeding. Most people leave Amazon rather than transfer within due to this.   Amazon is an amazing company and should be looked at. However, There are far better teams than toy. ", " good work environment your job and you should be fine. Clients and co workers are friendly in the city east transportation. ", " Fast paced and continuously changing environment with advancement opportunities, competitive wages, and a diverse group of employees. The most exciting and also challenging part of the Amazon experience was that it was ever changing. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " fast pace work environment with multitudes of managerial personnel about to give direction. lots of people to help get the job done. ", " Good place to work. Learned new aspects of the job. Gained new experience. Was nice to be self employed. Enjoyable.  The most enjoyable part of the job was working for myself. ", " days here are organized and productive. mangement and staff friendly and helpful. co-workers are supportive and work together. ", " Great coworkers with an awesome sense for teamwork. A lot if heavy lifting, but we have fun pushing each other to see who could do the most work with safety and quality in mind at all times. Management is like a revolving door, never really get to know them to well, but they are all very professional. Some are young, just out of college and think they know everything, but eventually come around and realize that we all can learn from each other. I really enjoy getting to know my coworkers, whether it is during lunch or working in a team environment.  The hardest part of the job is trying to stay motivated due to the job being so repetitive, very repetitive. ", " good place  to work good teamwork supportive progression if you want it wouod recommend and return if i had the opportunity ", " A typical day at Amazon: Every associate come in at least five minutes early and check on the labor board to see where they are assign for the first half of the day.  First half is from 7:30-12:15 noon, stand up for about five minutes.  After stand up, we all have five minutes to start our duties.  Management walk around all day supervising.  The hardest part of my job right now is hard labor, but my co-workers make it fun. ", " Working at Amazon is about consistency,there is always work that needs to be done. There are an variety of departments throughout the building where you can learn and advance to do new things. Great thing about work is that there are a lot of amazing people to work with along side to make the company meet high standards. ", " It gets real busy during the holidays.  Borderline chaotic.  They hire hundreds of temps.  So its very crowded.  During break there is a foosball table. That's fun ", " the sorter would get jamed almost as soon as the day began. the staff was all over the place and kept most of the assccoiates in the blind where we were leading each other with out much direction are sleves. ", " A typical day is only for the strong willed.  Very fast paced, and you need to be in the best health to carry out workload.  Management is everywhere in a very large facility so speaking one on one with management is trying when you first begin.  After being there awhile you can predict where they will be.  Coworkers are very diverse.  The  best part of working for Amazon was both the pay and benefits. ", " I worked in the pack department and it was fairly easy. Everyone was very helpful. I learned how to work in a environment where everything is moving at a steady pace. The hardest part about the job was stand for long periods of time. The most enjoyable part of the job was working hard to win prizes. ", " Fast paced environment were associate output is crucial, and closely monitored on a almost constant basis by management and reviewed weekly. ", " Good atmosphere and great working conditions.  Good 40 hour work week and only working 4 days a week.  Good people to work for. ", " the only thing i learnt with working here was that the management didn't take the time to ask lower down employees on what good ideas we would have to improve certain processes. my co workers was the only thing that i really enjoyed about my job there. i cant really say there was and enjoyable part of the job other than my co-workers. ", " Work was not difficult Was trained to run several types of forklifts The hardest part of the job was the twelve hour shifts Enjoyed operating forklift equipment very much ", " Work is awesome management is awesome create a new schedule every 2 weeks if you want and had the option of working from home taking phone calls from home helping customers with kindle problems and general retail problems. ", " My typical day at work was stretching before going onto the floor to do my work. I learned how to stock alot of products and items. The management was fairly nice. The hardest part of the job was keeping up with the requirements they kept changing. The most enjoyable part of this job was the pay. ", " I started in November 2014 as production worker. The work was very simple but very demanding at times. I was cross trained to Pack/Pick/Icqa/sort in short amount of time. It was disturbing to see managers doing absolutly nothing but getting on employees nerves. I feel they need to find better management . The work seemed ok at first, then it seemed pety and robotic.The money was not sufficient for the sore/blisters on my feet . I was terminated on the fact i had to rush to the doctor due to a spike in blood pressure. They have strict attendance policies . ", " Low pay and high expectations from management. I enjoyed the culture of the employees. Employees were friendly. The manager that hired me was promoted to a different position before my start date. The new manager had different exceptions than the hiring manager I interviewed with. The new manger implemented a pilot training program that was different from what I expected. The Company is over rated. ", " Amazon is a great company - the growth is amazing. In my role, there is a lot of travel. I interview 200+ people per year! The management is very busy - assignments are ambiguous and you just have to figure it out and carve out your niche. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It doesn't look like you are in a big American company; the environment is casual and you can talk to everybody without any awkward feeling, from the new arrived to the senior manager. In this particular role, I have learned how to deal with people and distribute work for others. ", " a usual day every day go in for a start up meeting then we would get sent out to start picking our orders on our guns the management was good always there to help you when ever you needed it all the workers I worked with were a good laugh and good to get on with the hardest part off the job was trying to get the cpts out on time and the most enjoyable part would have to be the people I worked with ", " all co workers were friendly and supportive, every day was a different challenge, fast pace hitting and surpassing targets. management were approachable and helpful, meeting targets knowing deliveries were on way for birthdays, xmas etc was very fullfilling. ", " The days felt straight and you had to be hitting an impossibly high target, with in 2 weeks I was working at the top 5% but I still couldn't hit the 100% mark of work, only ever got 93% and that was me basically jogging every where. Mind would drift away and would just make the working boring and dull. ", " No skills required.  Physical taxing.  10 hour work days.  Overtime required peak season 11 hour days (5 days/weekly) standing all day.  Four levels of work stations.  Stair climbing required.  Insanely hot in summer months. ", " Scan items all day, and making sure that the product is the right place so it can be shipped to the right person and that's it very easy job. ", " An awesome place to work the co-workers were nice and the pay was great. The hours were long and the work was hard. The hardest part was ", " My job i worked in universal in outbound my job was to scan items i had to scan 167 items a hours in order to meet my number.i work 10 hour shift standing in one spot ", " The only thing I really did not like about working there was the walking. Had to walk 3-5 miles a night. Other than that the job is good pay is o.k. ", " Amazon has many great qualities. I did learn some things while I was there. I learned how to move fast and be very productive. It was great working with a variety of different cultures. Being able to have goals set and accomplish those goals was awesome. The managers gave us daily rates that had to be met. It was a challenge and I enjoyed it. ", " My job was challenging but busy and made the day go by quick. I learned many different jobs within the company and made some awesome friends ", " Great work schedule that allowed me to be able to perform other personal tasks outside of work without interfering with my work day. Awesome coworkers whom I enjoyed seeing each day. ", " i did enjoy working here, I learned some warehoude skills and health and safety skills about working in the warehouse although I found lunch time very unreasonable. 30 mins was not long enough considering the amount of people waiting on lunch ", " I help to fulfill customer orders as an associate through different departments. I've learned how to work efficiently and safely. I have had a good experience with regards to management. The most enjoyable part of the job is free access to coffee. ", " At Amazon Fulfillment, you must stay busy at all times. There is no such thing as a \"break\" other than your 2 scheduled 15 minute breaks which are from scan to scan, not clock in/out. You walk 15-20 miles per day in this 1.2 million square foot facility scanning correct items in bins to fulfill orders, check for damaged products, and meet &amp; exceed managements expectations with the amount of items you can \"pick\" per hour. There is no time for any chit-chat as you are constantly on the go for your entire 10 to 12 hour shift. The hardest part of the job is the first couple of days - your feet are killing you, your shins are burning, you feel like your legs will fall off from all of the walking. Then the most enjoyable part is 1) knowing that you are fulfilling an order for someone somewhere in the world that is expecting you to do your job correctly so that they can receive the order that they wanted for themselves or a gift for someone else &amp; 2) the 15-20 miles of walking every day is a great workout for your mind and body, allowing you to move faster as each day of your assignment progresses. ", " Every day for two weeks I was doing nothing but picking out items from a million shelves and scanning them. Nothing else. Often had to do overtime due to the upcoming christmas period. It was difficult to commute there and back, sometimes being two minutes late for work. I finally quit when I was asked to do a 7am - 6:30pm shift. ", " Not much room for advancement because when 2 jobs open, 560 different people apply for that job. And if you dont make rate for 1 day, they make a big deal. ", " Shifts are good.  Work isn't that hard, but you do work.  Pay and benefits are decent.  You are on your feet for 10-11 hours a day.  Shifts are 4 days a week 10 hour days, with the exception of overtime. ", " Pick and Pack customer orders  receive and stow merchandise  problem solve problem packages  One of the best places i've ever worked the managers are nice and friendly and help with any problems or concerns you may have ", " I got to train people on how to do the stow job right and train people hands on with PIT and give them a driving test . The management on night shift was too laid back and only concerned about how much was done. When they always say Safety, Quality, then Productivity, and Attendance in that order  but they want Productivity first. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The staff was nice and friendly. The work wasn't difficult. There is room to learn and perform other tasks. Safety is a top priority. The worst part for me was that I had to drive about an hour and a half to get there. On top of that, working holidays is sometimes a requirement. Peak, or Christmas time, can also be slightly hectic. ", " This is a great seasonal job opportunity, but beyond that this job is a dead end. Communication between management and staff is minimal. If you don't mind walking an average of 12 miles a day with constant bending over this job is easy and enjoyable. Management after 3 years of service makes a max of $15/hr. 40 hour weeks are common with good chance of overtime. ", " decent job, but physical demands are high, so be ready to work hard. you can loose weight due to all the walking that you do a day and it can be fun as long as you maintain the rates they require, when you don' they are on you! ", " I was employed for five months at an Amazon warehouse. I worked hard and I hoped to get hired on to the company. I felt I was mistreated because I was employed by a temp service. In essence, there was special treatment for those who were directly employed by the company. The work you do is not easy and  there are areas of the warehouse where the work load is a lot lighter. The managers are supposed to move employee positions around often; so as to relieve those working in one area for a long period of time. At the facility I worked at they rarely or never rotated us. Therefore, one person could be stuck in heavy lifting all week or longer; while another is in light lifting for a week or so. THEY ARE UNFAIR!!! ", " You work long hours during peak. The robots help out a lot and you can get your work done easily. They have an awesome break room, but a no tolarance attitude. ", " Working a amazon was very productive, long hours and hard work, but I learned several different job while I was there, that I feel will help me in a future job. I met a lot of people there, and became friends with many. I have always been a people person, I got along with everyone. ", " shipping at amazon was good, i learnt a lot of different things and meet a lot of nice people. also the management was easy to get along with and easy to talk to if you had any problems. ", " Very little \"culture\" at Amazon. Compared to similar tech companies, they are poor, purposely poor.  If this is important to you, look elsewhere. I'm not talking about free food or foosball tables, I'm talking about \"Do they care (much) about the people who work there?\" The answer is, \"No, not really.\" ", " I Found This Work Place Ran Very Smoothly And There Was Always Work To Keep You Busy, The Staff Were  All Friendly Aswell As The Floor Managers Helped You Resolve An Issue With No Complication's. I Learned How To Pack Items That We're Being Dispatched To The Customer's Also I Learned How To Pick Items For Dispatch. ", " A typical day at work contains walking and more walking.  I've learned that to earn money you have to be patient and hard-working. ", " worked long hours with no regards to family life no sick leave until after you have been working there for a long period of time. ", " people are friendly and it is a real easy place to work. i think they are too pushy. too much expectations on a job where you have to work as a group to couplete a book ", " a typical day was amazing wake up go to work achieve hitting my targets everyone is friendly the managers encouraged you, your co-workers was friendly and the work always kept you on your toes it was almost impossible to be lonely because everyone would talk and everyone would just accept you ", " Its a great environment overall  just dusty..(Sinus) No messy folks.. everyone gets along Counting for 10 hrs. Its good exercise throughout the day..(squatting, stretching and walking) ", " my time at amazon fulfillment was great eventhough i wasnt offered a full time position i enjoyed working with majority of the my fellow emplyees. we had games to reward the more productive workers and prizes and giveaways after every lunch break duruing the holiday season ", " Horrible company to work for! There is basically no positive thing I can say about this place besides the fact that it was a paycheck. You get sucked into this place thinking its going to be great but then you start work and realize how horrible the management is and if you're not a favorite, they will do everything in their power to fire you. ", " I worked as seasonal help during Christmas. Long days, lots of hours, but the pay is decent. Its a big plant so there is lots of walking involved. If your in packing expect to do a LOT of lifting. In picking your running all over the plant. They are a good company to work for if you can get on permanent. ", " I enjoy working at Amazon. You get treated fairly by the managers and team leaders. My typical day would consist of many different duties which i found challenging but enjoyable. I have gained more experience and feel more confident doing many different warehouse duties. ", " This company tries to keep work fun and is more of a relaxed place to work and I recommend it.The pay is a bit lower than other call centers. ", " I Had good experience in all my last job , I always do what it take to enjoy what im doing even on a busy day my manager was supportive  i grow with company always follow the rules ,i always do the project on time. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Working in receiving cut open boxes scan items and the place them virtually and physically on other carts to be stowed away. ", " I had an a amazing experience working with amazon. Always had to be on your toes. It is a hardworking company . A typical day at amazon will have your legs to your feet sore the whole night. I learned how to pace myself and work at a good speed. Management and co-worker were very helpful. The hardest part of this job was staying on my feet. The most enjoyable part of this job was meeting new faces everyday. ", " Typical day began at 6 (ish) and ran through until you finished your route. This meant that your work/life balance was slightly compromised as the job sometimes required you to work 7 days a week. Salary was paid weekly and was very good. Job security was fair to middling and the turnover of drivers was quite high. Management, again fairly OK. Hardest part of the job was the everyday delays faced when getting to the depot, loading and leaving the depot. ", " Too many managers that don't know what they are doing.. Too many temps. Not enough OT. Need more work and time off balance. ", " It is a very physical job, most of the jobs in their fulfillment centers are. You only get to sit down on your breaks. If you are not used to working hard, amazon is not the company for you. ", " very great with worth and pay makes you feel like the work you have put in is definitely worth the pay. learned how to work and pace myself in a fast environment. my co workers were very helpful and always helped me push myself. the most enjoyable part of the job would be know that your co workers have your back and are willing to help you. makes you feel like your wanted and part of a team. ", " A typical day at work at amazon starts with a 5 min stretch before any works done. Then, we check the board to find our station and begin working. Work consists of first retrieving a cart full of items, then scanning and packaging items according to size, and finally we tape and attach shipping information for transport. I liked the people and management it was a fun and challenging work which I loved, and the only hard part was leaving. ", " not a bad place to work.  hard to move up though due to the fact the hardly promote with in.  They are not afraid to let you go either. ", " The Co-workers were the hardest to leave.  The managers we only have for a year normally, we had one for 2 years.  I learned that you are replaceable with a robot (in other facilities), and that since the managers were younger and younger each time unless you wanted to \"go clubbing\" you were weren't going to get anywhere.  The hardest part of the job was working with people who didn't have to perform to keep their job.  I on the other hand had to work extremely hard every day to try to \"prove\" I was worthy of having a job to begin with.  There was no respect from the management.    The most enjoyable part of the job was the co-workers that I built lasting relationships with. ", " A typical day at work is a busy day, having so many calls incoming from our customers from different side of the country and world. I have learned and developed my communication skills, multi tasking capabilities and grown professionally. The workplace can be described as one of the friendliest basing on the nature of the job, everyone in our company is approachable though the level of competence is very high. The hardest part of my job there was the trial and error part, when you think that you have planned everything well so that you will achieve the expected outcome and then there was a detail that you realize that is more complicated than what you think, in the end, the plan was not yet perfect and I need to draft another plan. Luckily, the company is considerate and let us do our job with all the help that we need that is why I am enjoying my job. ", " Was only seasonal for me. would have been nice if could have gotten more hours. Will try again when the new building opens ", " Low pay for hard work , unless you are in management.  If your a customer, you are a priority compared to the employee concerns and your abilities. ", " Great Company to work for. The only negatve thing is standing for 10 hours. They have attendance bonuses during Peak Time to assure you have perfect attendance. ", " This is a decent place to work.  Some of the rules and safety guidelines really hinder your ability to perform.   the co-workers are friendly.  Hardest part of the job is dealing with managers ", " Catch train to amazon start work at 7pm and work till 10.30pm have 15 minutes break then work again till 1.00am have 30 minutes lunch then work till 5.30 or 6.30 depends. my co-workers were nice and became friends with lots of them. I learned to use a scanner and how to manually pick items correctly and about health and safety in the work place. I enjoy everything about amazon and the management were good to talk to and help you a lot. ", " Amazon treats their contractors terribly.  Full time employee's are gods and contractors are shock troops.   It's the only place I've worked where contractors are afraid. ", " Amazon is a fast paced environment and provides with ample opportunities to work towards positive change. It is a challenging yet fulfilling environment to manage and lead teams towards success. ", " With work i did at amazon i feel as if they should not have left to leave a dying town behind that my input. it was fun with the night shift and the hours are long on peak season. ", " I am grateful to have this job at Amazon, but honestly if management work together and in fairness it would be a better workplace. Amazon needs to think more of the employees then as them as just numbers. ", " I loved the customer-centric approach of every operations. The company is huge and that gives you the space to try out new things- but you need to make your own time without compromising on your deliverable. So it is all about what you make out of the place. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Typical day go to the meeting find out which station you are stowing at for the day, learn what goal have been set for the shift, pretty much for the rest of your ten hour shift is stowing at 3x5 area feeling bored out your mind without any music or anything exciting to make your day go faster , pay could be a little better but it's okay. breaks can be better since the warehouse is bigger than football stadium they say we have ten mins for breaks but give us 2.5 mins to get to and back from our breaks areas what an joke , lunch is only 30 mins good luck heating your food up with the space age microwaves we have  overall  it's a job. ", " I like their warehouse. it was very clean and quiet. luncharea is very clean .overall environment is amazing. seniors are cooperative and very helpful. ", " I didn't like this job because of some of the management staff and the work wasn't for me because I have way more potential then to pack items into a box all day ", " The distance to work was quiet important as i was leaving at Abbey wood at the time and the job was based down slough 2 and half hours to get to work ", " Always busy, with great people to work with and the management is awesome. They make sure employees are treated properly to get the best work experience. ", " Amazon tries to be awesome but tends to get mired down in the paperwork.  Management is often entirely uninvolved in anything going on but likes to manage aggregate metrics.  Additionally, they will ask as much as they can from every individual for every hour of every day until you say no, then they will use shame techniques to make you do more. ", " A stower's typical day at work is putting items in bins making them available for customers to order. It's a fun and easy going job. You get to have fun while you put items away so it's very positive. I've learned how to pallet stow, and case to tote besides regular stowing. Management to a great job by motivating us, giving us feed back and rewarding us for our hard work. The hardest part is not getting shorts when your scanning items. The most enjoyable part is being able to make friend and have good work related relationships with managers and coworkers. ", " The first thing they do is give out info on all the things that happening within the company. Then we do a brief workout  and go to work. Our HR department is very efficient. The hardest part of the job is getting ready to walk all day. I have found several finds within this company ", " I was assertive before I came here and now I'm aggressive. This environment forces you to be scrappy, fighting for the limited resources that exist. It's ok to be lean and employ an environment where people are inspired to be resourceful. But when you have hundreds fighting for the same thing the result is ugly - hungry games style! Also, everything you learn is specific to Amazon so there is no best practices knowledge being obtained. On the upside, you can move around more quickly, every year. ", " The work is not hard but the constant standing and hustle on the hard floors take their tole on the body. The management is kept young, not much opportunity for over the age of 40 to move up to a management slot. They like to snatch managers fresh out of college with no real work experience. Amazon does have real good benefits and work bonuses, such as 401k, monthly bonuses, tuition for education and more. The thing with Amazon that you need to be ready for is when they are in their busy season, you will have no time to call your own. Their busy season can very depending on what department you get placed in and they will decide where you will be needed on an almost daily basis. The work is simple so they can replace anyone at any time. The pay is good for what you are doing because Amazon gains its revenue by sheer volume. ", " Amazon is a great place for someone who does not have experience to learn all there is about warehouse work. I learned a lot at Amazon, how to train new hires, drive PIT, how to solve problems and how to manage a department. Everyday was fast paced and you had to stay on your toes to get the job done.  The most enjoyable part of the job was the success I had at the end of the day making our numbers and that there was no accidents. ", " They took over my entire life for the short time I worked for Amazon.  They are the best company bar none to be a customer of, but I pan to never work for them again.    My situation may have been unique, but the middle management was not supportive and either misled me about my position or did not really know what it would be themselves.    They have some really amazing incentives and really great benefits.  The coworkers are very intense people but all great.  It is a great name to have on your resume as well.    They make the office a wonderful place to work, which is well since you are going to spend most of your time there.  There is also much room for advancement. ", " I worked in Stow department and my manager Mr.Joseph Clark is really very motivating and fun person to work with.I had worked in other departments as well in the Amazon ,and all were nice and helpful to me too. ", " A typical day was that I had to pick things off shelves. I learned how to work in a fast paste. It was a job that you had to work alone on. The hardest part of my day was having to walk in a fast paste. I enjoyable part of the job was getting to work fast. ", " good place to work and every one very friendly to each other which shows that how good they can work as a team. also you get praise for your hard work ", " excelente compania, mucha organizacion, buen equipo de trabajo, incentivos que animan a realizar el trabajo de mejor manera, ambiente entre companeros y supervisores ", " This is a very fast paced environment where time flies. The shifts go by extremely fast since there is so much to do. Working here was a good experience ", " really bad company. they are so rude. do NOT work there !! the co workers were alright. typical day was 10 hr shifts!!!!!!!!!!! ", " Start out with Production goals from Area Manager. After stand up meeting everyone works together to receive and stow as many packages as possible. ", " I love that job I an trying to become a fulltime once they open up the new building I love the people who work there but some of the manager do talk down to you "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The most enjoyable part (and of course sometimes the hardest) about this job was helping customers with anything that they needed. ", " A typical work day at Amazon was very long and fast pasted place to work and learned new jobs there at different times while working there and lost of management in all departments lots of coworkers worked with got along well with everyone always just sometimes the long 12 hour shifts working around all kind of different people. ", " Amazon was a very easy place to work at how ever it was very unorganized and was unfair to workers. I was hired at amazon by integrity staffing which had it own set of rules that often conflicted with amazons rules. the management was so poor I had to wait five weeks to get my name written on a board. ", " Working for amazon was amazing I had fun during peak season they made it really fun with the music and gifts giveaways to show that they appreciate their employees and how hard they work. They keep a clean environment and everyone is nice and helpful. ", " Another difficult job, sorting orders in a timed fast pace way was very difficult, but enjoyable as well. I would welcome any challenge again ", " I learned a lot from this work, training people and leading. I did a various amount of jobs at the warehouse including dock,sort and problem solving.  The downfalls were the facility was not clean and they didn't provide much of a canteen. It was small and most stuff wasn't working toilets,vending machines ect..  The job wasn't so hard once you got used to it but took a lot of stamina to meet deadlines.  Another downfall was some of the staff hired, complaints were filed against them but nothing got done about it. The managers seemed to ignore that they were causing trouble in what is a team based work place. ", " Started each night with a brief telling us about quantity and ways to improve our times. Went off to work after receiving a hand scanner. The work is demanding but not too hard to get used to. Walking around with a scanner and trolley picking items into a tote box. I learnt to take charge and teach new staff how to be as good as I was at the same job. The rest of the staff and management are friendly but stern if you're not doing what's expected of you. The hardest part of the job was the constant walking as it got tiring. walking around was also the most enjoyable because of seeing your colleges around. ", " one best place i have work yet, to bad the pay is not that great, but over all is a great place to work and meet good people. had a lot of fun ", " typical day was 8 oclock until 6-30 I was mainly receiving goods counting them and scanning them into system  also stowing goods onto shelved there was targets that had to be met so you were keep busy all day which was good. Supervisors were good with me and co workers were fine as well. The hardest part of job was making targets but I met them no problem. ", " amazon was clean inside and out nice work place nice atmosphere to be in enjoyed working there............................................... ", " A very intense place to work and also very hard. It is a job for younger people to thrive at because of the fast pace. I was there only about 2 months but when peak season started it just about killed me because it was 5 days a week for 11 hour days. The best part was the meetings before we went back to work after each break. ", " Really enjoyed working here. really fun place to work, got on with everyone really well. management was good and all my co-workers were great people. ", " Learned about inventory, how inventory control and accuracy is important, quality of products and there importance. Its not a bad place to work. ", " I enjoyed working at Amazon. It was for a short time due to working nights, and having a two year old. I liked the jod I was given, and it was nice meeting the people there. ", " A typical day at work consist of performing mindless repetitive duties all while standing in one spot, or walking back and forth pushing carts for the entirety of the shift. Those who walk for the entire shift usually walk for a total of 18 miles daily. When you get too tired to continue expect to be written up and told to continue instead of switched with someone else. If you're in good with the PA or AM (manager) they will switch you (hint - favoritism).   The chances of having a good manager are slim to none. They hardly interact with the employees under them since we have to now take a daily single question survey on them; before that they weren't present at all. We rely on the assistant management to get things done and they don't know what to do most times. Many times you will find the managers sitting in the break rooms on their laptops because they don't want to stand up all shift long, but they bark at us when our feet get sore.   The co-workers are pretty cool simply because we understand each other goes through. Everyone that is tier 3 and above thinks that they are too good to help and understand what we go through just to keep this company going. The hardest part of this job is getting those above you, who has never had to do production work, understand that you are only human and that you get tired. They expect us to work like robots. If you fall below the rate, you will be \"coached\" in front of others. Not only that but if your rate is high at the start of shift and you can't beat your own average by working twice as hard, again you will be coached in front ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> of everyone around.   The most enjoyable part of this job is break time when I am able to sit down even though it takes 3 minutes to walk to the break room and 3 minutes back - 6 out of 15 minutes of your break are gone. Amazon gives use paid time off (pto) and unpaid time off (upt) which is great if you get too tired, because you can just leave without asking. Amazon trust that you will utilize good time management, so they don't ask questions. ", " I love the communication with the employees with in my jobs. Especially communicating with the customers over the phone and in person, it's what I do best ", " I been with the company for six months seen a lot of favoritism and a bunch of B.S. reasons why you weren't choose for postion. My main job is to stand in 3x5 area looking at a screen and scanning products into pod or mobile shelf on a robot for ten hours if lucky not be asked if you want take volunteer time off. Because of lack work don't bother asking to be cross - training lead to empty promises and you're stuck on the schedule they give you specify Fri-mon on nights    I trying my best to keep my hopes up but I not seeing any of the advantages to learn more and grow. ", " Not a people friendly place to work.  Only concerned about meeting unreasonable schedules at the sacrifice of employees lives. ", " good place to grow as a professional worker. depending on where you work, some days are busy, other days are slow. management is fair and always looking out for your best interest. co workers are ehhhh, but everybody is helpful when they need to be ", " It can be a good job for a while, but they use a abuse their managers.  They will get as much as they can from you until you burn out and then get someone else to do the same thing. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Great company safe for working clean takes care of employees works together face to face communication great mangers . ", " Possibly one of the worst places I've ever worked in my working life. Bad Management and no team players within the work force. Very very poor working conditions for the workers ", " Once the day is started we get our duties for the day, management informs us if any changes are made. You have to be open for change because your job duties change very often. Its a fast moving environment. Which makes your day go by fast. ", " Amazon is a wonderful company to work for if you just finished high school and do not intend to study further.  There is growth in the company available to all hard working popular employees.  If you are open to working shifts that could be over night, you would thrive.  Most employees are wonderful to work with ", " Amazon is very unprofessional and do not care about their employees i got fired for an injury during an exercise they made me do. ", " Honestly, management isn't all that good but if you go in there and do work and meet your quota, everything will work out good. the employees are great people to get to know, the hardest part of the job was actually meeting your quota and the easiest/enjoyable part of the job was lunch, even though its a short break ", " easy going job nice pay good chance to elevate. friend environment good place for work bonds an friendships to start. I enjoyed it. ", " Working for Amazon was a great learning experience. It has a very good work culture with really helpful co-workers.   I worked on multiple languages with absolutely no experience on a few of them, which was particularly the difficult part of the entire internship. ", " I worked in a well-organized, fast paced environment and maintaining an efficient personal rate along with accuracy. I was to inspect every item to make sure it was the correct item, damaged, or in suitable condition to ship out. I had to make sure I maintained a safe working condition for myself and for my co-workers by fallowing dress codes, safety procedures and by maintaining my work area. The job was relatively easy and repetitive. I enjoyed watching the new technology that was introduced from time to time and, like the KIVA systems. I also enjoyed learning the way the company operated, and what they did different to make sure they met costumers expectations. ", " You loose your life while working here. No family, friends or relationships of any kind. All you do is sleep and work. On top of that its physically and mentally demanding. You are constantly walking or lifting items for 60 hours a week. You loose your mental state from the lack of sleep, physical exhaustion and lack of social life. ", " The work is tedious. Supervisors and team leaders are bossy. More of slave camp. The pay was good though, with other attractive benefits for staff. Good break rooms. ", " Everyone I've met at Amazon are great people. Everyone was friendly and made working there so much more pleasing. Peak season was very busy but overall, it's not as hard as the managers tried to make it seem. ", " I was not happy working for amazon and I would never go back there ever and they should not be around anymore in the uk the staff weren't very nice people to work for ", " I would walk in to work every day with a positive attitude of a higher then expected rate and productivity management would always come by to let me know how well or bad I was doing an make sure everything was going well as far as daily tasks and rates many stowers are also required to display bin educate which is organization of bins used by the stower ", " I enjoy working at Amazon's Fulfillment Center.  The place is large, very active, and people from all walks of life tend to work well together. ", " It was an overall great place to work, a lot of people doing different things but it was enjoyable.. I learned a few different ways to pick and pack items to be sent away. ", " I got injured many times at work and was simply told to get over it and get back to work. I struggled maintaining the high rate standards due to the unorganized work environment and unsafely placed products ", " Typical day at at work: Load and sort boxes. What I learned: Safety Procedures on loading. Management: Was very good but also very aggressive. My Co-Workers: Very friendly and work very hard. The hardest part of my job: When there was over flows of boxes to sort. The most enjoyable part of my job: When i would get my job accomplished. ", " Was about getting your numbers and keeping them up. I learn that you have to be fast with finishing a cart when you get it. The management was great. The coworkers was sometime fun but not all the time. There was really no hard part of that job it was fairly easy to me. I enjoyed the work. ", " I had a great work experience over there. I have learnt how to scan items and how to receive them. My typical day at work was to get my own target and progress on to work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon, Inc has great opportunities for advancement, and pay their employees very well. Amazon, Inc is very flexible with students and offers scholarships for them as well. ", " A typical day at work: Multiple task in a fast pace environment.  What you learned: Great customer service and problem solving  Management: Poor  Co-workers: were helpful  The hardest part of the job: Its not the job its me and i want it to be hard on my self.  The most enjoyable part of the job: Knowing you had such great motivated co-workers around you. ", " Pick and pack all items and send them down the conveyor. I get to work assist in all customer service questions and concerns. I learned not too much besides discipline. Management was exceptional very friendly and understanding easy to talk to. co workers were great. no hard parts about this job, and most enjoyable  part would have to be payday. ", " Amazon is a great company and has provided transitional employment due to my recent relocation back to Nashville.  This was never meant to be long term, however, I have been treated well by all management and co-workers since day one. ", " A typical day day at Amazon consist of walking for long periods of time while pushing carts and picking items off of shelves or standing in one area packing inventory into boxes for shipping. Management is extremely hands on and helpful. The hardest part of the job is staying consistante throughout the day but the most enjoyable part is being able to meet a wide variety of people. ", " We get together as a group and start off with stretches while talking about tips we can do to do better.  We all work together, take breaks together, help each other out. Very fast paste needed. Higher ups are respectful. ", " Fun, Hard, Work. Typical days were good. But when you need to know something even HR didn't know simple questions. always pointed you to a call center. ", " I had the best manager. If anybody in my team needed help with anything manager would help.  For doing great job my manager would take members of our team to Columbia Tower for lunch. ", " My typical day at work was come in at 630 punch in and get into or huddles and get our report and were to go in the building for the day. Then we go to that part of the warehouse and start our job scanning products into the correct bins and shelves. Then we would take our 15 minute break at 10 then get our half hr at 12. then we would get another 15 at 3 then finsh the day at 5. I learned at amazon how to use pallet jacks and how to use hand held computer to scan stuff into the building. Managment in my eyes were really poor because if you asked them for help with something you didnt understand they really never helped you. It was like they didnt care they only bothered with you if you didnt make your goal times. Co-workers werent friendly either if you asked them for help they would just look at ya like your crazy. The hardest pasrt of the job was around college time t o make your goals putting away all the college books into there right shleves because there was no room for all the books. My most enjoyable part of my job getting my paycheck. ", " I love working for Amazon I am currently a temporary employing in the middle of being converted. The pay is great. The management and other employees are helpful and have great attitudes. I stay busy throughout my entire shift. Like that we have 3 days off in a row and overtime is almost always offered or mandatory which makes for more money :) ", " Long hours, good pay, just have to stay motivated and maintain proper work safety and procedures. make sure you are on time coming back from breaks, watch your points and know how many hours of leave you have accumulated ", " I enjoy working here because I work four ten hour shifts and this gives me three days off. You also get paid weekly and you have the opportunity for health insurance after ninety days. Sometimes I feel they have too many people working in my department and because of this it is hard to advance. You are allowed two fifteen minute breaks and only thirty minutes for lunch. The work however is rather easy if you don't mind walking about ten miles or more per shift seeing how the diameter of the building is 1.5 million square feet. Good exercise for me and I enjoy it. ", " I worked 4 ten hour days on the night shift.  A typical night for me is running the required reports each night.  I would check the call out line twice a night to see who was not going to make it in to work. I attended meetings and walked the floor nightly to talk to associates to address any issues they may have.  I loved all the area managers and they always made me feel appreciative.  There really was nothing hard to the job except on the body.  I enjoy this job but would like something where I can work behind a desk and actually sit instead of stand. ", " Great co-workers long hours and shifts but pays good. Breaks are alright. Lots of overtime hours and good for paychecks. Managers are great to work with they lead by example. Overall fun and good place to work. ", " On a typical day at Amazon, i work as a team with 5 other co workers in my station. We get visits from our managers, questioning if we need any help or to see how our progress is going.Each day work i become familiar with the box sizes whig allows me to move much faster when i have to pack the item. My co workers and I talk throughout the time to make the time go faster. The hardest part of the job is the amount of time i have to stand on my feet. For 12 hours i have to stand in one place packing as much items as i can. The most enjoyable part of the job is meeting quota for the day and getting to list to music as I work. ", " typical day at work includes picking and packing orders from costumers and then sending them off, I could say that I've learnt in a large team rather than a small team it is arguably agreed that the hardest part of the jobs has to be standing for long hours but the easiest and the most enjoyable is getting the job done! ", " Unreliable transport which was provided, where being on time would be affected. Pretty tiring where working as a picker meant I had to bend down and stretch up constantly for around 6 - 10 hours during a shift. Safety hazards weren't well too since a rat ran across my feet, where I could have tripped over it or accidentally ran it over with the cart I was pushing. ", " I would ensure the restaurant was immaculate by the end of the shift. I need to successfully deliver all the orders that came in during my shift in a efficient and effective manner. Also provide a great customer experience at work. ", " It was an easy going experience, but it was a tough job to do. Standing and walking for ten hours can get difficult but a hard days work is what got me through. Loved working there. ", " I was required to work 4 consecutive 10 hour nights and then overtime as well for 5 consecutive nights. I was constantly lifting boxes and standing on concrete floors during these shifts. I ended up with blisters on a couple of my fingers due to the physical labor needed. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " there is a lot of walking standing and lifting  the supervisors are like wardens. pay is awesome its a fashion show everyday during peak season coworkers will make you think you're back in high school work is very easy and hours aren't bad ", " A typical day at work is, going in and doing what needs to be done. Everyday is a learning experience. If you went to work, and didn't learn anything, you didn't accomplish everything for the day. The management is important; where i currently work the management is horrible. I barely see my manager throughout the night. It is also important to get along with your co-workers. You want to be in a place where you can get along with everybody. ", " My job was to unload small cases of incoming product as fast as possible so that it could be processed and send out when customers ordered it. I was hired for the peak season,so it was as busy. We broke records on how much product came through the Chattanooga building.   To me, there were too many people, we were almost tripping over each other, all trying to get our jobs done. ", " needs improvement  and leads need more experience wasnt tooken serious wasnt given options to grow. co workers were good very good culture but had poor leadership. hardest thing was learning rules when the changed hourly ", " My position is a Process Assistant, I manage over a team of 120 associates. I engage with packers to improve rates and performance in the work place. I set goal to make sure my team always follow Safety Quality and Productivity requirements. Also, responsible for setting assignment at start of shift and giving negative and positive feedback to packers. ", " great benefits but too much favoratism..  very hard to advance. very faced paced and will get fired if you dont make rate. ", " The worst place to work. I do not advise anyone to apply there. The temperature is hot and the management at CAE 1 are awful and unfair. ", " Overall It was really good to work at Amazon Fulfillment. It had really friendly environment, free lunches sometimes, nice rewards if you work hard. Hardest part of this job was that it has really long hours. ", " for a huge company like Amazon there's no structure what so ever. Everyday I dreaded going to work. Other smaller companies offer better pay and hours. ", " Peter-principal management. Entry-level inexperienced managers rarely move up in Amazon. Idea of an incentive program is to pay-off employees to leave (after surviving 2 yrs), not mentioning that voluntary resignation saves $$ on unemployment compensation. Stock pay incentives largely unattainable. HR &amp; on-site managers have little understanding of working with people, uncaring and disconnected due to high employee turnover they encourage. Little or no opportunity to training or advancement into more appropriate functions for for employees. Biased selective process. Dates include 3 peak Christmas seasons ISS/Amazon. ", " everyday new new duty, not the same routine. learned about different things, what they are and how you use them management was great Co-workers were great there was nothing hard about the job everything was enjoyable ", " Amazon is a very customer-centric company. It is very important to treat the customer as a friend and provide the best experience possible. They also believe in providing the same experience for their employees. They have a quiet room (allows you to take a time out), game lounge (breaks and down time), and lots of lunches and activities for the employees throughout the month. ", " I work as an ICQA a.k.a Quality Control worker for amazon at one of its warehouses.A typical day at work was arriving at the warehouse at 6am and greeting my co-workers. When it was time to clock in we did and then went to our assign station with our supervisor who then started us off on our mandatory exercises before starting work. When we were done stretching it was time to get our equipment which consisted of a scanner and a stool , stickers, paper, pencil etc. After that we went to check out the board to see what we had to do for today then once we knew where to go we started out signing into the scanner and then start by scanning a an item on a near by shelf then go wherever the scanner tell you. Our job consisted of scanning items like books, dvds, video games, phones etc and making sure the items where put in the right place and that the scanner had the correct information on the item. Another important part of the job is looking and making sure no items where stolen from its packaging. ", " This is a fast paced environment and so you are kept on the go. There is opportunity to experience different departments if you show you are a hard worker. Management are always willing to listen to suggestions and give support when needed. ", " I really loved my job there.  The hours are a bit long but worth it. show up early work hard learned teamwork.    The hardest part of the job is standing all day.   Never got bored ", " This position was very stressful. Always had to meet certain numbers by  a certain time. Aside of that management was great, I really enjoyed our standup meetings. ", " typical day at work is walking around the giant warehouse and pick products off shelves that customers have ordered. co-workers are nice and friendly and fun to be around ", " amazon is the best job iv had so far the people are great there nice I made friends along the way the people are nice things were fair the. packing room is great everythin there at amazon was just about perfect they pushed you to ur limit you enjoy urselfe thanks. ", " It was fun....... the pay wasn't that great though. Managers didn't care about employees too much though. nbfjhsdbvj db kjabsfjkbksndmc mcnbkjbsdf m vmnsdkfbkwebfj van mn ksdbkfbks ", " Ten hour shifts 4 days a week, might encounter an obstacle in ones work with but is quickly resolve. Management isn't the best but they try everyday to be perfect for us associates. Hardest part of the job is knowing when its time to clock out being that everyone is so focused on doing the very best at what they do. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is an extremely fast paced work environment where you must give your best night in and night out in order to keep up with work standards. I have nothing but positive remarks regarding the management who create a positive and fun workplace. During my time at amazon my peers mad the hours move along much faster and with a plethora of personalities and entertaining individuals this was also the best part of the job. The hardest part about the job was that the amount of work to meet quota and the amount of work available did not always line up. ", " Start meetings and exercise. Learned to use hand scanners. Management provided ample training for making rate. Very high turnover rate during peak season. The hardest part of the job was trying to understand the stowing methods for making a very high stow rate. Most enjoyable was learning methods to maintain a high stow rate and getting the job done. ", " My experience as a Picker:  Beginning of the day consists of stretching and a meeting on basic things like safety. Breaks vary on your scheduled shift, so in my case, 9:45, 12:15 (lunch), and 3:15. the other 9 hours you must make a ridiculously high rate of 310. The two sides of the building have inconsistent computer systems that gives you a higher rate than the other side and the items packed are different, with more quantities (to help you achieve a higher rate) on one side again, and heavier, bulkier items on the older side of the building. The managers (who have never picked btw) expect you to meet said rate or else they will write you up. Older employees often not work and are able to change their rate so they won't get in trouble for their lack of work. So many other issues but overall this isn't my type of job.  One extra gem...I won a contest where I picked the most items within an hour with a promise of a prize. My prize? A baby's handful of jelly beans in a plastic bag. I picked probably $1000s of dollars worth of items for customers, for a tiny amount of candy...and I don't even like jelly beans. ", " The company  is a joy, plus the pay isn't that bad. There environment is a positive  energy. Also there achievements and goals are easy to reach. ", " Work is extremely easy, too easy, it gets boring after the first few weeks. Favoritism is part of your daily routine. Monkeys could literally do what I do. Literally. My manager is very cold, uninterested in your issues, and cares only about the bottom line and will use negative reinforcement to get what he wants. I have made some really good friends working there as well as people I can't stand because they're part of the managers favorites line-up and can literally walk around and talk all day and get paid the same/more. 4 day weeks, long days, overtime is only available during peak seasons but VTO (voluntary time off) is a regular thing to some. Money isn't as good as they act like it is, and isn't worth it imo, but it might be to others. IF I had had a different manager or department, I may have liked it besides the fact that it's run by dude-bros. WHEN I leave, I'll still be good friends with the people I meet but I'd never go back. Oh and one more thing, the building is HUGE and they give you 15 minute breaks. Your car/breakroom/smoking areas are roughly 5 min away, so you only get a 5 minute break with a round trip being almost 10 min. ", " All associates knew each other by name and all took pride in work. Made the work experience easy to get the job done and have a good time. The managers were very respectful and the PAs were easy to talk to if there was ever an issue we knew who to go to with ease. ", " Great place to work they reward employees, its clean and safe, they cater to the needs of employees. This company likes to have fun but is also very professional . during holiday season the do custom contest and gift give aways. ", " Other than some of the customers the job was good the people I worked with were nice and the managers did everything they could to make it a good environment to work in. ", " Walking twenty miles a day. I learned how it is to work in a factory. I never got to talk to any of the co-workers. I enjoyed getting  my pay-check. ", " I\u2019m currently working in Amazon located at Hemel Hempstead; from Sunday to Wednesday for 26 months has PACKER. My jobs includes packing, picking and problem solve on kick-out areas. Experience grabbed as the years and days go by includes safety, team work and targets. In Amazon, every staff is constantly trained as the change or new techniques is involved and also make them happy. The most interesting part of the job is to be at the highest point of the target given at the end of the day with success. ", " Working at Amazon has been a great learning experience. Not only did I expand upon my customer service skills, I was able to hone my computer skills, and learn several different operating systems as well.  A normal day will consist of resolving customers questions or troubleshooting on their devices over phone support. ", " In Inventory Control and Quality Assurance my role is fundamentally about driving quality within specified area through continuous process of improvements. This is accomplished through inventory cycle count, identifying defects, researching and analyzing the root cause of defects and determining the best way to eliminate future, and similar defects. ", " A typical day at Amazon would be on a Sunday night where mostly its very slow and really not using that much energy as you would any other night. What I learned from this job is that its take a lot of time and you have to be a true worker to get through the night. The co-worker was very friendly made the job more fun. There really wasn't a hard part me. The most enjoyable part was everything I love it. ", " A typical day at amazon is very fast paced. Its a busy environment with alot of people. the managers are nice and approachable. ", " Overseeing departure of drivers in the morning ensuring the process is followed safely and within targets and metrics set such as driver departure times within 45 minutes for example. ", " At Amazon you experience a fast paced work enviroment that is challenging and rewarding.  Multi-tasking is key to being successful.  Amazon has taught me so many new skill sets which is key for my professional growth. ", " great insurance benefits and pay, but its hard to move up within the company.  warehouse jobs get boring after a while, you get tired of being in the same direct function or department. ten hour shifts, either walking, picking item, standing on one place packing or driving equipment. great company to work for, and great health benefits and pay. great job for younger adults fresh out of high school, great pay but the job gets old fast. ", " A typical day at work is to clock in and Inprocess and dock trucks go over game plan for the day with fellow supervisors. I have learned how to dock trailors via computer and be a better supervisor. being a part of this management team has been very helpful in my experience as a supervisor, I have unique co-workers that appreciate my efforts, the hardest part of my job is seing good people go, the most enjoyable part of the job is seeing the associates I have trained excel in their work. ", " Amazon/Lab126 was a unique place. While the office culture is more subdued than most tech companies (less nerf and more khakis), the company always was organized and well planned out. There is an opportunity for one to self-manage but my experience was some what short so I can not expand on other aspects. ", " FAIR WARNING, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!!! SORRY EXCUSE FOR A COMPANY! SHORT BREAKS AND LOW PAY!!! By the time you clock out for lunch and walk even more to actually take your lunch, it's time to walk back and clock back in... sorry excuse for a company... "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a growing company that understands not only customer satisfaction but also employee satisfaction. They care about their employees more than any company I've worked for which is a very good thing because its hard to run a company without your employees being happy. ", " pay was great. management sucks they fired mostly everyone for nothing. hours are decent need an extra day if you ask me. close to town. wouldnt mind working there agai ", " A lot of Different Opportunities there Very productive constantly working supervisor acknowledge your work and employees work together to help your day go by. ", " Amazon as a company was really good to me when I first got there, but somewhere along the way they lost that human touch/element. I loved and keep in touch with many of my coworkers. Management played favorites. I was loyal, dedicated, and cared about my job and the people around me and the customers who we were adhering to. There was never an easy day there. Sadly the most enjoyable part was the end of the shift when we got out of there! The motto is work hard, make history, and have fun. We never had any fun! ", " Great hours with manageable work. Fun environment and friendly staff. Learned how to find distinct items and bar-codes. . ", " The days would get pretty routine so we would always try keep things fun and moving. We would do call blocks and every time someone would hang tell us no and hang up on us e would do 20 pushups afterwards. It would help incentivize us to never give up.  Co workers we're always helpfull, more so then managers at certain points since they we're always in meetings ", "  \tThis was another agency job through the Christmas period and was supposed to lead to permanent but unfortunately I was released in February. The Fulfilment Centre Operations is made up of inbound and outbound. Inbound receives products from many vendors. Once received, these products become available on the website to order. Outbound, on the other hand, fulfils customer orders. That means picking, packing and shipping customer orders within specific and tight deadlines. Depending on customer demand and the time of the year, these teams range in size and can grow significantly during the Christmas peak. ", " I'm not going to lie to you; this job is not for the faint of heart. The work is hard on the body: your feet are going to hurt, your back is going hurt at the end of the week even if you follow health and safety protocol and you will likely develop a severe hatred for anything related to Disney's Frozen (well, I did anyway). A typical week is 40 hours long although I was working during the 'Peak' period at Christmas, so I was working 55 hours a week instead. Overtime pay is great: for the first ten hours your pay goes up to 1.5x of normal hours and anything over doubles your hourly pay. The management are brilliant: you can have a good laugh whenever there is an time to do so and they are incredibly helpful. You will likely end up making friends with your co-workers, but you will likely see them move on as they're contracts end. Overall, it's a good temporary job; just don't expect to be there once the contract ends. ", " good work place ,good people and environment.I got a lot of skills and spend good time.managers are working very good and smoothed ", " For a billion dollar corporation, I personally think that This particular Amazon Fulfillment Center is ran poorly with a very high turnaround rating. ", " For the most part this is good company to work for. Most of the people there really do care about what is going in. The management staff is for the most understanding and the people are fun to work with. The hardest part of the job is the walking, but you get used to it. The most enjoyable part of my job is the time spent with friends. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job was getting hands on experience working in my particular field of study that I'm currently going to college for to get my Associates Degree in. So that is a definite and positive plus. ", " I liked working for amazon 3 plus years... paid well good insurance only thing is the management team was not to my liking ", " A typical day at work is showing up well before your allowed to clock in. ( they expect it). Then management will tell you if they are going to VTO for that day. So some days you show up, and go straight home. If you do decide to stay, that work day is going to be slow and there won't be enough work for everyone, but management will expect you to keep your wait at 105% or higher.  You are expected to work quickly, with no quality errors, no extra bathroom breaks, no talking, and no walking  around. But doing all that is impossible since management does not give  you all the resources to exceed. Most people love/like this job the first weeks to months, then after that it quickly sours.  Their HR department always ensures that Amazon's needs are met no matter what. As long as you stay our of HR's way, show up to work early, clock out on time, and keep your head down and do your work with no complaints or issues then you will be fine. ", " amazon is a fast paced job that is fun to do not only are you doing your job and providing a service to customers you also engage with many different backgrounds and cultures. You learn a lot and make new friends. Plus you are always on the go its basically a job you get paid to workout at. ", " At amazon its fun working at. Walk and stand for 10 hours. What I did at work was Order picker and checking items if they were don' damaged. ", " The most enjoyable part of working for Amazon was everyday was the beginning of a new career for me. I learned several different positions in a very small amount of time. I will always take that with me. ", " The FC I worked at closed and was an older FC so it's hard to say how it compares to other FCs. A lot of time on your feet on concrete floors. Mostly good people to work with on the ground level. Managers in general didn't really care. It's all about rate, even when it's impossible too make rate or you're pulled to assist them with other stuff. There's not a good work balance so you will either work tons of overtime or be given time off. ", " -Focus on task at hand -Use your skills to achieve what you can -You are reviewed against one another -Coworkers are always there for your to support or to take you down, you have to find who you can trust -Keep your head down and focus on task at hand ", " The job was easy. Management was good until they began letting employees watch their workers work and time their speed during high season. (Christmas). Overall the job was a good place to work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A truly terrible place to work,with more rules than the British army. This company does not ask for you to do overtime it tells you ,compulsory overtime and then it increased your day from 10.5 to 11.5 hours per day all for just above the minimum wage.   Management or at least a majority have no man management skills,nor can most of them run a kids party with any degree of expertise or success.    Co-workers are great all trying to do a job, earn some money at this time of year and most will help you if they can.    Trying to equal the numbers per hour Amazon wants you to process is not easy, but with no union to check the figures you are on a hiding to nothing , if you dont agree they will tell you where the door is.      The most emjoable part of the job is going home. ", " Work Task oreinted. No room for mistakes.Leadership is mostly run by college student with no life experince and very little people skills.  Very hard on the feet and very loud. Often time asked to volunteer leave because they want to keep labor extremley down. ", " You are always busy and on your feet ,you can never say that you do not have anything  to do.never a dull moment,and a lot of incentives ", " So here is my review. Amazon has exceeded Target in sales and it is going after Walmart as its next target to eclipse.   \"When you look into the abyss, the abyss looks into you.\"  Working at Amazon is pretty much like working at Walmart. Disposable products and people. ", " hours are long and all jobs are repetitive. In order to keep up with \"their\" expectations as far as quotas requires none stop hard work 10 hrs a day. Job totally replaced my home/family life with getting off sleeping and waking up just in time to go right back in. ", " The people and fellow co-workers were easy to get along with and hardworking but the management was horrible. The stated rules were changed daily so you never knew if you would get fired for doing what they told you to do the day before ", " Amazon is a good company to work for and the pay is decent, however, if you are not use to lots of physical labor, then this job is not for you. The breaks and not long enough and you are only hired on as a temp and not guaranteed to keep you job. ", " This is not a Career job at Amazon. The Manager's are straight out of school with Bachelor's degrees and most of them have never had a job in their lives. Advancement is hard because it doesn't matter how much experience you have, if you do not interview good, you will not get the job. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job was getting hands on experience working in my particular field of study that I'm currently going to college for to get my Associates Degree in. So that is a definite and positive plus. ", " productive workplace emphasizing on safety and quality. Customers always come first. Work is always provided even when we have slow days. Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History. is the motto. ", " This company offers a good salary for an easy work which can seem sometimes too monoton, depending on the position one has. Helpful co-workers, no stress attitude. ", " Work was not difficult Was trained to run several types of forklifts The hardest part of the job was the twelve hour shifts Enjoyed operating forklift equipment very much ", " I would pack all day or pick on foot or with order picker. I learned the shipping proses, how to lift properly. Management was cool, they do a good job. Most of the people are cool, lots of different people. The pace was the hardest part. lots of people to talk to. ", " loved working here had great pay and benefits awesome co workers and learned every department rather than staying in one spot everyday  was guaranteed hours and made for awesome paychecks was able to provide for me and my kids no problem ", " demanded hard work, fast paced environment. attention to detail health and safety and accuracy. while working at amazon i found a good sense of achievement on a daily bases with all tasks target driven you can review your targets and feel your achievement when you have beaten your expected target. ", " Putting the customer's orders into totes, and sending them down a conveyor belt. I learned about teamwork, responsibility, and time management. Most of the management did not seem to be prepared to fulfill their goals; nor did they seem to care about their associates. However, there were some managers that went out of their way for their associates. My co-workers were like a family to me! Even if we had never spoken to each other before it seemed like I could get along with anyone. The hardest part of this job was the working conditions and rate. Sometimes items would fall out of the bins and even onto people. Pickers would have obstacles they couldn't over come, but would often still be punished for not meeting standards. My favorite part of this job was definitely the people I had the pleasure of meeting! ", " The work is hard. The people you work with are great, however the management is only out for themselves. Pay is decent for a warehouse job but not that great. ", " Working in a warehouse is a challenging place however with the drive and commitment goals can be exceeded. Amazon was great place to work however the work that i had undertaken i felt that i was under the gun as each day the i had to work harder in order to raise my working percentage which did become frustrating at times. ", " I had started amazon thinking it would be great and it turned out horrible.  In one day don't be surprised to be moved around 6 times, and then still be expected to meet your rate.  The communication with in each department is a joke. ", " The management and pay were wonderful. There were sufficient breaks to make the long hours easier as well as ample room in lockers for personal items and designated places to smoke on breaks. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Monitoring and escalating daily trafic ,booking and changing  customers apoitments- Dealing with process and documentation for \u201cin\u201d LTN2 to UK FC\u2019s transfers. Maintain a productive working relationship with Inbound Operations, recive and seciurity teams. Assisting local Operations and  Area Managers as needed to successfully complete FC Inbound goals and deliverables. Managing documentation for all items, Hazmats and Donation process. Creating and providing training teams for new team members ", " Amazon has many great qualities. I did learn some things while I was there. I learned how to move fast and be very productive. It was great working with a variety of different cultures. Being able to have goals set and accomplish those goals was awesome. The managers gave us daily rates that had to be met. It was a challenge and I enjoyed it. ", " I love working at amazon, great pay great benefits. awesome work environment. A lot of ways to advance throughout the company as long as you put in 110% ", " Enjoyed meeting new people and working in a fun environment.  Great benefits and simple work tasks. Clean and safe workplace ", " If your not one of the favorites of any manager you will not move up in this company. Does not matter if your a hard worker they do not appreciate people that do work hard that deserve that promotion. Only way to get it now is to be one of the favorites of your manager, But if your looking at this job as a short term place where you don't want to be promoted then this is the place for you. People who work there are all generally nice everyone gets a long. I left the company because of the lack of appreciation I was not getting. There are people that are happy to work there it all depends on the mind set you have. Would I recommend this job to my friends sure but I will let them know about the major CON's this company has. If this issue was not there this place would almost be perfect and honestly I would have never left this place. ", " the job was a learning experience, 10 hour shifts of being on my feet all day, waking up at 20 past 5, just to catch the train at 6 so i could get to work at 7 with an hour to spare and get breakfast in. there were some nice people to work with but most of the time i was focused on the task at hand. the hardest part of the job was finding places to stack large items if they haven't opened a new lane of bins to stack items in. the most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people. ", " im a people person who has been involved with customers for the last 15 years of my work life! this is a new experience/work style for me. During peak it was exciting and then after peak it seems like I have no interest in the business, I need contact with customers and with amazon I do not have that ability. Overall, Amazon is a wonderful place to work and they offer stellar benefits!!! just not for someone who likes to communicate while working. ", " Amazons slogan is Work Hard Have Fun Make History. It is true but the jobs are very repetive. The jobs give room for growth and advancement. The pay is a little low but good for someone that is just starting a career. ", " The job itself is fairly easy and a pretty good. It usually makes for a easy day. Almost everyone that I have met are really helpful and nice. I've learned a lot of different things. ", " Good to work, just hard to get a premium shift and tired of working nights.  Been there 2 years and they keep hiring new people and putting them on days and I am stuck on nights! ", " The hours were long hours but great pay. I worked during peak season mostly so it was a lot of work to be done . Amazon is really a great place to work . ", " working with amazon is a work out and a break down the management is okay they make honest mistakes and do correct them my co workers were okay the hardest part of the job was the constant walking possibly your whole shift. ", " healthy team environment grown from a fresh graduate to a Deputy manager operations Helpful and rewarding management Competiive co-workers season time pressure working as a team to break old records ", " A typical night at Amazon Fulfillment consists of me picking customer orders for 10 hours a day, with two 15-minute \"scan-to-scan\" paid breaks and one 30 minute unpaid lunch break. I learned how to do almost everything in the outbound department. The hardest part of the job is the constant walking and keeping a good pace to maintain work rate. The most enjoyable part of my job would be getting the opportunity to learn different departments. Management and co-workers really make the warehouse thriving work environment. ", " Enjoyed the work atmosphere and the work detail. Hardest part was the heat in the summer, but management made sure workers where taken care. Like the open door policy. ", " For starters, it's a 10 to 11 hour workday depending on the situation. The managers they hire are 23 year old kids directly out of college, that those of us who have been there are forced to train. They do not promote from within unless they can't find anybody quick enough. Each workday is planned down to the last second to get orders out in time, leaving no room for mechanical or human error. None of the various departments talk to each other so each has their own way of doing things and that ALWAYS interferes with each departments daily routine. Co workers are usually in a terrible mood because everyone is watched very closely and intimidated with write ups so everyone is in a mad rush to keep up with rate plans, which causes various safety incidents throughout each building. Also after 3 years of service there are no more raises so each employee loses incentive to really care about anything more than what they are made to do each day. ", " I had high hopes for working at Amazon, apparently they were too high. Working here you are NOTHING but a number to them. They hired me on with Sunday-Wednesday 7:30 am-6:00 pm shift. At orientation they told us the schedule would be changing and they were switching to a waterfall schedule. I go to school full time, but I'm lucky bc i only have one class on Saturdays. They told me they would work with us if we couldn't get the schedule we needed. Well they decided to give me the Fri-Mon shift, that I could not do! I asked for a change and they denied it. I asked them what I should do if I could not be here on Saturdays, they told me I had to deal with it or resign. They don't care about you. The work is hard at least in my department which was Stowing. They are constantly coming by saying you aren't good enough saying you need to be faster. The pressure and stress they put on you is NOT worth it. Im not sure how other departments are but I really wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. I was really wanting to  like working at Amazon, but I was just let down. ", " I learned that the work though a bit boring at times was mostly fun. My immediate managers were always helping. The person in charge of medical fired me when the person learned that I had a no work order from my doctor. Apparently if I couldn't work and I was a temp I had to be let go. ", " A typical day consisted of a lot of work to do, fast paced, friendly environment and great benefits. I have learned that Amazon is a tough place to advance in but if you can advance then it's worthwhile. ", " It was my first time working at a warehouse and it was different but it was simple just do same thing everyday people were very nice and they help you out with whatever you need. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Repetitive,mind numbing task. Focus is on quantity instead of quality. Zero job security. Zero chance on advancement. Zero respect for workers. ", " A typical day at work consisted of 10 hours. The work environment was very fast paced and we had to work at a certain rate to get the job done. I learned to work with people of different ethnics. The managament was very good. My coworkers were fun and helpful. The hardest part of the job was working in such a big facilty. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people ", " I found it to have been somewhat the enlightening experience.  What stood out to me was the actual use of a water machine not a water-cooler.  It really did say something about the awareness of the management and their reach to accommodate the employee.  It overall was a fascinating operation of retail in its system to have been handling mail-order as I can recall that it was expressed that mail-order was very big in terms of living in America through Warner Bros. cartoon characters Bugs Bunny and Wild E. Coyote.  I believe the word amalgamation is the correct term as many people did not live in the big city yet and disagreed with traveling more than twenty miles to get to a department store.  So, I have to believe that Amazon is taking quite a challenge with continuing such service.  My hats off to them, they have the gung ho to do it. ", " I enjoyed everyday at amazon the only downfall i saw at this corporation is the amount of cynical attitudes in the workplace there is alot of negativity there between coworkers. ", " Work hard, have fun, be safe, It is a nice place to work with great management and co-workers, The hardest part of the job is the fast pace and large volume of packages coming down the line, it is a exciting challenge that I look forward to everyday. I have learned that a steady pace and patience helps get through it everyday. ", " I have worked in almost every department at this company and it is a good job with good benefits. It is fast-paced and hard work. The shifts are 10 hours which is a little long but you have 3 days a week off except during very busy times when you can expect to work 50-60 hours a week. This company does lack in organization and changes the rules frequently and managers rotate in and out before you get to know them. I would recommend it if you want something for 5 years or less but not a career unless you are one of the lucky few that move into management roles. ", " amazon was a good job. It was like working at e gym. the people there were ok. I got along great with the employees there The job was physical but,the pay was good. ", " Amazon is a great company and the shifts they offer are really great. You work 4 days during the week and put in your 40 hours. Its very repetitive sometimes a little lonely because you are by yourself all day but overall a great place to make some good money. ", " A lot is expected of the Area Manager. Be expected to walk into the facility on day one and manage 300+ associates. This can be overwhelming for most, but come in mentally prepared. ", " Report to meeting at start of shift for any updates on production and warm up stretches. Then check assignment board to see which area and assignment was assigned for the day including pit operating. Inspect and track any quality errors found. ", " I Learned How To Load And Unload A Truck . Fulfill A Shipment , Pack A Box Properly . I Learned That With Team Work You Can Reach All Goals. ", " A typical day work for amazon consisted of, handling phone calls from happy to out raged angry customers, Help keep customers and making others smile, My most favorite part of the day is handling the  angry customers, because they help make a good impact on customer relations when they leave happy. ", " Fun to work for but lunches are only 30 minutes and your there from 7:30 a.m to 6:30 p.m and you get two 15 minute breaks but you are walking from 4th floor to outside. Once you reach outside it is time to go back in. 15 minutes is including your walk time and you can not run. ", " I would fill several baskets with online orders for shipping.  I learned better time management because I had to go all over the warehouse to fill the orders and managing my time was very important.  I got along with all my co workers and they were helpful when I needed help.  The hardest part was getting used to the warehouse and how to find everything but once I learned it I had no problems. ", " I enjoyed everyone I worked with.  This was an experience I had never crossed and was very educational.  I learned how to deal with deadlines, stressful situations, and being able to master jobs I thought I would not be able to do.  I showed myself and others that you can do anything no matter what age you are.  The hardest part of this job was learning how to stand and work for 10 hours a day.  What was great about the place were all the friends I made for life  and a trade I am proud to say I was able to accomplish and fulfill my daily routine. ", " Each shift starts with a department meeting called a \" stand up \". We work hard packing large items customers order on the Amazon website. ", " This is a great company to work for with great benefits. People are friendly and the company listens to the employees.  The hours can be long, but the over all outlook at the company is fast pace and friendly. ", " You are always busy and on your feet ,you can never say that you do not have anything  to do.never a dull moment,and a lot of incentives ", " I just dont like this company. supervisors just blame for no reason. all are partial in this company there are lots of heavy work. ", " Amazon is a great team work centric facility that is a fast paced fulfillment center. Co-workers are easy to get along with as well the managers and they are open to listening about concerns or areas that may need advancement or attention. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Great place to work and made employees feel comfortable to work and reach different strengths. Would work for company again if opportunity presented itself. ", " a typical day at work was exciting because each day you could be doing something new and even cross training in other departments. I learned many new things, aside from all the new types of jobs I was taught I learned to use the RF scanner and the work can be fun even when you are working very hard. Management was typically very understanding if there were any problems or anything you didn't understand. Co-workers were usually fun people to be around when there were \"team\" jobs to be done. Usually you're quite solitary in the ICQA department. The hardest part of the job PEAK SEASON. longer hours on the feet make you so sore, however I never noticed till I got home focusing on work as easy for me. I loved the physical demands of the job and the night shift and I loved being cross-trained in other areas. ", " I liked being able to learn new processes, but the physical labor and poor management is pushing me away.  I enjoy the people, but I don't prefer the company policies. ", " \u2981\tProvided report status of assigned project, including daily updates, bugs, scheduling and overall quality assessment \u2981\tEfficiently fulfilled fast-paced, high-level demand of builds, installer, detect tracking and fixing using MS SQL Server 2000 database \u2981\tPerformed manual black box testing from Beta, Pilot, RC to the final release ", " Loved working for Amazon. Everyone is so friendly and fun.  Always went into work happy and left happy. Great company to work for. ", " One of the best places to work as far as being social while working. We never got in trouble for having fun while working,as long as you do what management asks. Met a lot of great diverse people there. This is not recommended for people with health issues because you are not able to have a work life balance, in order to keep up your health. Money was always pretty good but if you value family time this is not a place for you. ", " Packing,picking,enjoy work-day with a good co-workers and a professional management.Hardest part wa when I finish the contract. ", " Long hours, kind of monotonous work, but ok for some quick money around the holidays. There are a lot of people there and the place is big, but it's less overwhelming than some people make it seem: parking isn't that bad, etc. ", " a typical day at work would mean i picked items from our racks for our customers. I usually worked in team lift(the heavy items) with a partner, which was great to have somebody to converse with during the day. We would go get on our machines(reach truck and side rider) and head out. We were expected to pick 16 items an hour and we would always pick over that. The hardest part about the job was waiting on other people that had items to get in the same area, but enjoyed getting to work with a partner(most don't) and using the equipment. ", " I like working at Amazon very much, the only thing I didn't like was the people that was in charge this company put the wrong people in the wrong places half of them had a big head others didn't know what they were doing. The hardest thing was to get use of walking alot. I enjoy the co-workers they know what you are going though. ", " If you start working here please be sure to wear good reliable comfortable shoes you do a lot of walking. It is a hard laboring job. ", " I always arrive on time and can wait in cafeteria room. My managers always happy and greet our co-workers. I feel safest in the world because there has highest security. It request monitor when the break time or lunch time. The warehouse have safely and do warm up with the group. They have AmCare and safely staff so they can help us. ", " Fast paced and technical workplace. Amazon is the best company I ever worked for. Great benefits, decent pay, and I worked with nice people. ", " I was responsible for putting away returned products and process damage items. The management was okay and the co-workers was easy to get along with. The job wasn't hard and they never did anything fun during the time I was there. ", " This company has showed me alot of potential and mastered my skills. But as for growing in the company is extremely difficult to obtain. Favoritism is outstanding and not fair. Favoritism is everywhere but for this company it is ridiculous. What ever happen to Team work and Team Players. ", " i do picking and packing in the warehouse and workiing on the production line. getting stuff for the delivery. very nice people around and a nice place to work. ", " not a pleasant work environment, very stressful with little management support, managers are quick to blame associates for there short comings. ", " *Working Hard *How Fast Amazon Work *Managers Get Rid Of People For NO Good Cause. *Co-Workers Were AWESOME  *Hardest Part Was The Pace It Went *Packing The Item Was Fun. ", " Drive to work. Find out what route you are on. Sort your parcels. Load the van. Deliver the parcels around Bristol. Drive back to the depot when you have finished your route. Debrief with amazon and hand any undelivered parcels back to them. Have your van searched. Go home. ", " Its been 9 years i have been working one basic thing i learned at work and would share it with you all, give it the best to your work and i am pretty sure work pay off for good :) "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I felt like i was in a prison at this place. Managers are constantly breathing down your neck, whipping you with the words \"quantity.\" Management itself was poor, and promised job rotations hardly happened. ", " Nice place to work if you only like standing around for 10 hours scanning product. Never got adequate breaks. Very clean warehouse with very strict safety rules. Pretty decent pay. ", " A typical day at work would be, everyone is so focused on the job at hand just do what you need to do and everything will go smoothly. Don't get complaisant tho, else you will find yourself lagging behind everyone else and getting in trouble for not meeting targets etc. I learned that, if you put your mind to something and just work as hard as you can then even at Amazon with there level of productivity they expect and the bar they set its more than capable to have fun and work at Amazon. Management is excellent, always there to help and make sure you do things right and any mistakes are rectified etc. Co workers are superb, more than most or just so easy to get along with and if you make yourself known to people you can make friends easy. The hardest part of the job, seeing as I worked for them during peak times, it was the peak days where you had to meet high high targets, Black Friday was rough, mistakes made and your back in the next day having a worst day making up for mistakes. So peak times can get rough for sure, and the most enjoyable part of the job is the work, it keeps you working all day for me that was the most enjoyable part because I love to work, also having good co-workers around makes it so much more fun if you have friends around you whilst working. ", " I found it to be a pretty stressful job at time but also a cool calm and collected environment. Knowing that your assignment could be up at any moment was very hard on a lot of us. There is a lot of walking so be prepared for a workout everyday. Making rate will be the hardest at first but just give it your all. ", " Amazon Fullfilment center in Murfreesboro,Tn. was a disapointing work experience.  There was little to no training on new tasks and hard work was rarely recognized.  My co-workers were all nice people and easy to get along with, but management was very reactive in nature and not able to answer a lot of work related questions. ", " Once the day is started we get our duties for the day, management informs us if any changes are made. You have to be open for change because your job duties change very often. Its a fast moving environment. Which makes your day go by fast. ", " Extremely poor trainers.  Very rude management (to an extreme).  Company is unorganized and could not care less about employees.  I truly never knew that life could become such a sheer nightmare before I experienced working at this company ", " It was a high paced and high energy work place. We went to work every day knowing what was needed to be done. Everyone had a task and followed it well. ", " Its a great place to meet new people but the are never happy with work put out. No outside live, though I don't mind . I personally dont like it, the place lacks direction and needs management help ", " Working for this company has helped me gain total experience in a productive , positive and exciting environment . i would highly recommend this job to everyone that i know and do not miss this great opportunity. ", " A work day at Amazon really is an easy going day when it comes to being an order picker or forklift diver.  Management is ok, really high turnover rate when it comes Management. Co-workers really helps the day go by. ", " met good people when I was working at Amazon, also gaining the work experience which is valuable for future employment. The atmosphere was great, the hardest part when working there was the Christmas period ", " a typical day at work it is not something to secure the future the management is not really good. the job is really easy,you deliver around 150-180 parcels per day. ", " Managers seem to not care for people unless they have favorites. The co-workers are great people to get along with and I learned from this job that unless you are a favorite with the higher ups you will be treated with very little respect. ", " I loved Amazon. It was very easy going and organized. The uniform was very casual which i loved and the people was very different (in a good way) and also nice. The hardest part of the job was really just speed. It was easy tasks and once you get the hang of it you become very fast and efficient . what i liked most about amazon was that ", " I dont like this job, this wasnt for me. This was my first time and i did not care for this job. Theres no interactions with other people your alone and its very very boring. ", " Amazon is great if you like fast paced workplaces, and lots of different cultures. You can advance very quickly depending on your work ethics. Great benefits good pay. ", " Although you work independently, you are still working towards a team goal. Your hard work and dedication shows at the end of the day. ", " A typical day at day was 10 hours long. Managers were always transferring, or leaving.  Most of my co-workers were friendly and helpful.  The hardest part of the job was keeping up the amount of energy  to make daily and weekly production rates. The most enjoyable part of my job was seeing all the product. ", " As a stower i would set my own personal goals to achieve for that day. I learned how to speed my own pace up but limited my errors at the same time. After six months, I was promoted to Ambassador/Trainer at Amazon. As an Ambassador, I made sure everyone I trained knew the ins and outs of Inbound Stow. I also enjoyed cross-training associates to work in other departments.  Six months later, I was privileged to be promoted a second time to Process Guide. As a Process Guide I gave out positive and negative feedbacks to new associates as well as veteran associates. If mistakes were made, I walked the employee through the correct steps to correct their error.  The best part about working at Amazon was the joy that I was a great asset to company by taking my job duties serious and exceeding all of its expectations. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Management works with you to help you better understand and preform your job. The work environment is cool. thy give employees incentives to come to work. ", " Stations where the same everyday unless you were moved, the job stayed busy and was able to have little conversation with other employees, wish i was able to communicate more, but the job overall was a great experience ", " I did picking items by scanner i make the orders for the costumers it was very nice job me and I would like to do again this job this job was temporary for the Christmas period in this job I scan the bar codes of the items I check if is damage and I putting in totes ", " For industrious I worked inside the Amazon building. Where i packed serveral items per hour , it was fast pace. i really enjoyed my time with Amazon ", " Get to work on time and swipe badge 5 minutes before the shift start is a must. The average day at Amazon consists of making sure to stretch out your muscles before starting work, after breaks, lunch, and before you leave. During the work day it is a must to make sure you make rate while at the same time providing 5 star quality on every item you ship. This job helped teach me how to work individually, as a team, and to work under pressure. The co-workers at Amazon were very helpful and made everyone feel great to be part of the Amazon team. The hardest part of the job was leaving at the end of the day because it was a great environment to work. The most enjoyable part of working at Amazon was knowing that each day you come to work, you were going to work with the #1 online retailer to bring excitement to customers when they receive their shipment, as well as satisfaction to yourself by knowing you made sure to send quality products to millions of happy customers all around the world! ", " It was fine when it came to a few co-workers, but the working conditions where unhealthy and the breaks where very short while working long hours and mandatory overtime ", " There is no time to be a bad worker in this work place environment. With it's fast paced sorting and packaging positions and quotas to meet, it forces you to become very involved and responsible for your production. I enjoyed the people and work environment the most. The hardest part of the job is the mandatory overtime during peak season. ", " This job was awesome.  I loved the environment of being out in the field.  It was a great experience and I recommend it to any one who loves to be outside. ", " The 3 tenets of successful business:  Quality, Quantity, and Customer Service. Quality is sacrificed here. Numbers are the name of the game. Temp(-to-hire) employees receive more pressure to reach quota through the staffing agency personnel than Amazon employees. The emphasis on quality is made during onboarding, but sacrificing quality to process more units is the unspoken rule that leadership isn't advertising. The most successful employees are those that understand this rule and/or have lax quality standards themselves. ", " i was working sortation work and moving cargo and parcels around and putting them in the right location, helping each other as a team was very nice. ", " Overall the job is OK, except for management. None of the managers know what is going on and all of the shifts have different rules and policies for doing the same job. ", " good a lot of favoritism work was easy, and the co workers are very fun to work with  the only bad thing I can say about it the management ", " decent company, if you dont mind hard work, very labor intensive. seems all management cares about are the production numbers. i feel like im just another body filling a position. ", " A typical day at work consisted of walking a lot miles to pick items. I learned to use my own mind in planning and getting things done my way effectively and safely. Management was supportive and never talked down to me if I fell short on my production. Co-workers had the same attitude. The hardest part was getting use to the walking but it was hard to adapt quick. Enjoyable part was making production. ", " The team would basically go to there station to set up. When wrapping lawn edges you have to be quick or you can cause it to shut down. The hardest part was to perform a two man job by yourself. ", " Unload trucks, scan items into totes, prep items I learned to work real fast in an environment that was fast passed. Management I enjoyed, they seem to  care about their employers. the most enjoyable moment was the co workers ", " Really liked the environment. If you are a hard worker, you will do fine. I actually quit so I could find a better paying job but I really liked the people at Amazon. ", " I worked remotely with this position. I would bring all the systems required up and prepare for login. Sometimes their programs were outdated and would disconnect but I found ways to keep refreshing it. We had 15 minutes to review emails and follow up on any call backs to customers. I learned their systems and how different customer interactions were around the holidays. Management was the kindest I've ever encountered and extremely helpful under all circumstances. The most difficult part of the job was the systems that went down ever so often, probably due to all of the traffic on the programs at once. I truly enjoyed making the customers happy during the holidays and interacting with my team via chat but still feeling very connected. ", " Very good benefits and maternity leave benefits I enjoyed working with the people there and learning new things. I enjoyed the fact that they took good care of us when we needed it, and even when they had to let the employees of Tul 1 go. ", " Amazon prefer hire a lazy people who rather sigh in VTO( voluntary time off) sheet than hire a loyal hard working people. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon.com is one of the best companies i have worked for thus far. Their culture of doing things an working is amazing. I indeed worked hard, had fun and i made history. :) ", " The day-to-day is not challenging or stimulating despite having a very high-skilled and educated staff. Some days are better than others but, in general, employment at Amazon should be used only as a stepping stone to your next career goal. ", " I enjoyed working for this company, they had respectful management, and I learned many new things, the hardest part was working on the dock, The most enjoyable part of the job was probably  all the opportunities they offered, A typical day is depending where you're at in the company I worked in Packing at the beginning of the day we would get our scanners and then have a meeting and get ready for the day.  Excellent benefits,  even though I was laid off they took care of the company. The employees that didn't transfer were paid severance and the employees that were let go in the middle of the week were still paid for their remaining week as well, ", " Great coworkers. Fun to work with, but lack of communication from the managers and salary cap. Benefits are Great as well! ", " Decent place to work, long hours and on your feet all day. Leadership there isn't great and not many of the supervisors or managers even know who your name or have even talked to you before. ", " Shifts were long, but passed quickly due to the hectic pace work was conducted at. Managers had their heads screwed-on, and the chain of supply ran smoothly as a result. ", " My responsibilities included stocking shelves and using a scanner to keep track of my rate. I enjoyed the team atmosphere however the physical labor was very demanding. ", " Very secure job but 10 hour days can be very tiring. Great benefits. Fun workplace and great way to meet a multitude of people. ", " Main responsibilities: -\tTo provide check quantities, to record receipt is accurate and prompt picking, packing and dispatch item; -\tThe job also includes other general duties to maintain the efficient working of the Warehouse ", " wasn't bad in the begin but as you get more experienced the less they car about you. at times they don't give you what you require to complete the job ", " My current position, as Ship Clerk makes me responsible for every shipment that leaves the warehouse. It is a position that is weighted by high expectations from senior operations staff. The main duties of this job are to, effectively and efficiently; depart the packages, as prepared by other departments. To do this I use Dock Management Systems to control the flow of the entire operation. I am responsible for any delays with trailers arriving and departing and it is my duty to ensure that that no \u2018Critical Pull Times\u2019 are missed. This position includes liaison with external logistics companies and all other Amazon Fulfillment centers in Europe. I lead a small team of trained individuals to make sure the final steps of the warehouse\u2019s involvement with each shipment is handled with the utmost professionalism and importance. ", " We always start the say at stand-up. The area manager gives us a few tips about being safe stand work and quality work. After that every one goes to their assigned work place and we begin to work. ", " The biggest adventage is that I have practiced working knowledge of Lean Six Sigma tools, Standard Operating Procedure (SOP). ", " I took this job on over christmas while waiting to start back at Indigo. I didn't really enjoy it and wouldn't return. I found the job very boring and non ineresting ", " great job ,great people just needs to pay more they managers really show that they care and always on the front line of safety the only problem is the pay ", " I started working for Amazon.com's fulfillment center in July 2014. A typical day at work involves a lot if scanning and building pallets. While those are the two main job functions, there are other areas you may work in. I have cross trained in just about every job function. I have also trained new associates for our peak season. This facility is new (opened July 14, 2014), so there are glitches. I expected more room for advancement and more hours, but it's not possible unless you are willing to transfer. The management is pretty cool, you just have to interact with them. I love my co workers and benefits. I also love being an Ambassador (trainer). I found what I loved doing the most when I became an Ambassador. These things are the most enjoyable part of this job to me. The dislikes are the breaks 15 minutes (10 for break and 5 for walking back and forth to floor. It should be 20 minutes 15 for break and 5 for walking). 30 minute lunches when you work 9 and 10 hour days (during peak). Most of the time you will feel like a number because they come to you about scan rates. I honestly don't think any of the managers or PA's can hit the scan rates themselves!!! If you are not cool with the PA's or managers be prepared to scan everyday unless you speak up and ask to do other things. The same people work inbound, sort slide, small sort, problem solve, and PIT all the time. They also will call flex downs at break and then take them back. Twilight shift does the majority of the work while night shift has barely any. We were told during orientation that after six months we would get ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> a .50 cent raise, but they changed it to .25 cent. We are the lowest paid warehouse in our area! ", " On one very day, i learnt on how to contact/send e-mails to amazon customer service via MS Excel.  My co-workers are friendly, and we always work as part of a team which makes the job effective and efficient. Is fun working with amazon and through team work, i find nothing hard about the job. The most enjoyable part of the job is the working environment, positive energy and updates of the system. ", " I have worked for the company for 2 years and have advanced quite quickly but at the same time there are many rules and policies in place that keep this job from being secure and your employment can be up in the air from month to month even as a seasoned veteran and this is currently reflected in a the high turnover rate of 56% attrition year over year. ", " a regular day for me at amazon consisted of walking about ten to twelve miles a night picking up the items that were to be delivered to the pack department packaged then shipped to customers. ", " I enjoyed working there i had no problems, seemed to get on with everyone in the building, met a few nice new people, the hardest part id say was that you had to stand for long hours but for me it was no problem cause im only young with full of energy so for me i didnt complain, i learned a few new thing i didnt expect to learn whilst i was working there, i learned how to communicate with people more, i worked in big groups during some periods, my mind set got much better i was focused at all tiimes. in general i just enjoyed working there. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " ambassador at amazon  lead at claridge . at amazon tell folks we got 30 min to clean  line H off , pushing positive out  telling folks your you all are awesome . now lets move to line J  an help them out ,we got 7 min an wow! its was done , you all done a great job , you are awesome  there is a way to talk to folks to make them work harder. management pulls all ambassadors aside to find out how things are going.  co workers love my positive  feedback  then other ambassadors. hardest thing is nothing (can do attitude ) . enjoy working with folks ", " Lots of training opportunities for those who are willing to learn. Work hard you get farther and more rewards such as gift cards. ", " Very stressful, abusive environment when working from home.  If you wish to live a life of intense stress, misery and abuse, then this is the place for you. ", " Hardest part of the jobs was the hours 10 hour work shifts. Overall fun experience and great people that work there. The managers are very helpful and the employees are very nice. ", " Makes you feel welcomed. Always on your feet moving at a fast pace. Meeting new people, learning new things. Always trying to improve your work station. Positive attitude. ", " You are pretty much just considered a number in the warehouse and not thought of as much more than that. The pay was decent but management and everyone I believe could care less about people individually it was all about you production. ", " Every employee on time,sefty protection first ,the quality tipe . All employee follow the  co- ordinator and supervisor . It is fun and good body exercise time before and after lunch time ", " Amazon Ric-2 Fulfillment Center ensures that Amazon customers' orders are fulfilled as expediently as possibly. It specializes in using up to date logistic practices to ensure orders are processed, shipped, and arrive at their designated destination. ", " Enjoy jobbed when i started nice people good enviroment, then temps were brought in and now the worst managed company i've ever worked for. Advice to others i would not even apply. They are on your back constantly and dont get sick you'll lose your job. ", " This was a good job i will miss it, great pay and execllent benefits, but it should have never closed here. its a good company to work for . ", " They want you to hit what's called rate which is usually 400 units per hours but they put you in places inside the warehouse where items are stuffed into bins already and they want you to find room for another 400+ items to be stuffed into bins. One word to describe my time there Miserable. ", " I ran the RMCF for about two and half years, loved the job and the people i hired to work with me. Ran the store with no complaints for two years as manager, The hardest part of the job was during Christmas and Valentines day. those were the most insane and productive days out of the whole entire year, and I enjoyed to the max. ", " horrible place. nothing more needs to be said. be prepared to be treated in an inhumane way. i worked there for 4 years. hardest part of the job is working for dishonest people ", " Any job role in this company does not really require any education, qualifications or degree. To progress in this company you only need to be friends with people from higher positions, otherwise you have to work hard. ", " If you are an honest hard working individual without any alliances, employment will be difficult at this location. Many subcultures with their own politics involved, with the common \"PACK\" mentality. Everyone Groups up to do achieve less, too much micro- management, with baseline staff, having access to manipulate operating systems in dictating pick orders; product type, work location, and Quantity, key elements that are instrumental in accomplishing the required production rate to stay employed. Bottom line, if you're not affiliated and/or unknowingly become a potential threat, you're welcomed daily with purposely placed obstacles set by employees in unofficial management positions, later validated with vague disciplinary documentation with out-dated rates listed and no suggested solutions, accompanied by the obvious awareness of YOU ARE SET UP FOR FAILURE. ", " great deal of walking, binding, lifting up to maybe more than 50lbs. In selecting I received customer orders on a handheld scanner customer orders would appear. Packing customer orders would come down belt and I would package in correct box given in formation about spce form computer ", " Training is inadequate, your duties can change multiple times during your 10 hour shift, advancement is stifled, compensation is minimal compared to the performance expectations. ", " Amazon is not a bad place to work unless you plan on working there for a long time. You get a variable bonus every month. The majority of the departments aren't difficult. You work four 10 hour shifts a week. You get a raise every six months for the first two years. You top out in pay after 3 years. ", " Amazon provides a friendly and diverse environment while keeping it's staff positive. The hours and compensation for production are exceptional. The hardest part is not having a full hour lunch, which would be great during a 10-12 hour shift (they provide 30 min). ", " in typical day of picker/packer your duties are to follow the scanner systems and picking items, placing them on correct conveyor belts for pacing, notifying missing and damaged items.   It is physically demanding as you have to walk or stand all day with little breaks. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " day goes by fast I work night shift and night shift is pretty smoth when October comes its peak season the worst time of all ", " Very unorganized, very rude to employees, bad parking, everyday was hassle, i honestly did not like woking here they layed to many people off and terminated the wrong people. ", " amazon is a great company to work for with a very friendly staff. management was easy to talk to .the most enjoyable part of the job was reporting to work every day .learned how to work in a diverse environment I also learned to accept constant change. my co workers were always really nice and lots of fun. ", " We unloaded pallets and tagged them ready to be delivered out. The hardest part was there was a lot of walking and lifting involved but it made the night go really quick as we were busy all the time. really enjoyed my time here. ", " demanded hard work, fast paced environment. attention to detail health and safety and accuracy. while working at amazon i found a good sense of achievement on a daily bases with all tasks target driven you can review your targets and feel your achievement when you have beaten your expected target. ", " Management could use so retraining in how to treat there employees Always on the go working there could use at least one more 15 min break or make the 30min lunch break 1 hour ", " There are different types of jobs at this facility and each one involves different types of skills. I am a picker and I believe this is an excellent job for young people; however, older employees (not all of them) tend to struggle to keep up with the demanding rates. Some of these jobs, such as ICQA are easier and less demanding. ", " Great place to work for young workers. Great place for college students. Most employees are in their twenties and thirties. Great pay and benefits for full time employees. ", " Entertaining most days. Always taking on  more responsibilities everyday. Easy to make work friends. Management was pretty good, their communication was okay. ", " This was a fast paced job. I've never worked in this type of environment before, so it was interesting to learn how everything works, and gain new skills. ", " Enjoyed working within the warehouse environment, good shift patterns   Fast paced environment always kept busy.   Good team to work for ", " I loved working at amazon it was a great experience for me I learned something new all the time. In a typical day you just pull orders from different floors while using a handheld scanner. ", " worked hard everyday but didnt really learn much, management was terrible, co workers were pretty cool, hardest part of the job was the quick and shorted breaks, most enjoyable time of the days is when it was time to leave! ", " A typical day at work there is fun I can say. Everyone there is nice , it has such a wonderful atmosphere. wouldn't mind doing it again. ", " Amazon was a great company to work for.. It had great benefits and stock opportunities. Amazon is definitely a customer first company and very efficient with their procedures. Safety is a key role with this company which is very important and I really enjoyed the fast pace work environment. ", " At Amazon, work wasn't difficult, but management made things confusing. Long Days and short breaks with a lot of standing. Great co-workers, a lot of team work. Management a lot of times didnt know what they were doing. Hardest part is standing for a long period of time. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people and becoming a family. ", " Good company to work for good rate of pay and you get good benefits I have been working there for two years now and I like working with company would recommend to anyone looking for job ", " very challenging work environment. fast paced and detail oriented.  very large company. lots of movement. long hours but a short work week. ", " i was held responsible for picking packages and getting them shipped out upon request time . most of all i loved my co workers they get you motivated to come to work.my hardest part of the was closer to the end of the day. ", " Even though have 10 hours days, there is a good balance in the pay.  The company attempts to judge there rates verses other places in the area, and it is in general not bad. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Extremely long hours and management did not care about your input The benefits were excellent but not worth the time and energy you put into the job. ", " it was a normal working day . never learned very much working under amazon . management were not very good . my co-workers were ok . hardest part of job was needing get items under there time ,the most enjoyable part of job was on way home ", " I enjoyed working here a lot of great people and managers very well organized. The benefits are great they really treat you with respect. The hardest part would have to be the walking, you will walk about two miles a day in there. ", " Fun place to work at supervisors are down to earth but it was a place that is very strict on downtime but other than that a cool environment and awesome equipment and discount ", " People are great and its a fun place and pay is well but there are no such thing as full time employees and you are not guranteed full hours. ", " picking, packing and sorting orders.  Its hard to gain any kind of advancement.  The management is good and are easy to talk to.  The co-workers are hard workers. ", " Prepped product that needed to be prepped that came from the manufacturer, did cart audits, stowed product from the carts into library bins, helped the dock crew unload product from trailers, stack product on pallets, wrap the pallets and plaquered the pallets according company procedures. ", " A day at Amazon FC, clock in, stretch, get told what you are doing for the day, do what you're told to do for 5 hours, lunch (the shortest 30 mins of your life),clock back in, stretch, get told what to do for the last 5 hours of your shift, go home and do it for 4 days a week! ", " Working at Amazon in one of their many warehouses is hard, but fun work. The management to upper management is always willing to help and listen to all concerns. Being a part of the Amazon family is just as the name describes...A Family. They definitely go out their way to make sure its employees are treated fairly and with respect. They even provided flu shots and a Thanksgiving meal in November. I enjoy the people. The work is simple, yet demands to be approached and handled with care. ", " At Amazon a culture of favoritism is something associates learn to either deal with or fight your entire time with the company.  I learned more about the interview process because you had to apply for internal jobs posted. The most enjoyable part of my jobs were the results from customer feedback's. ", " injoyed my time working there i learnt alot of new things. enjoyed working in a team and by myself. meet alot of new people. ", " It was a great and fun job, met so many people. Always competed with myself to get a higher rate percentage. Learned so much in such little amount of time. Met a lot of great people the want to do so many great things with their life's. ", " So happy to be away from this place! The managers and everyone else do NOT do their jobs correctly. I enjoyed the time there because of the constant workout, other than that, No! If you get hurt on the job, they dont care and you get told to leave!! ", " they have stand up where everyone is advise what needs to be done that day, you report to you job sight ASAP, 2- 15 minutes breaks and 30 minutes lunch. Must scan within the given time.  I enjoyed the work and staying busy.  The hardest was picking, you walk 10-14 miles per day. ", " I worked at Amazon (Phx 6) for about 6 weeks. I started work general at 7:30 am and looked on the board to see where I was working for the day.  I stowed items off what they call a u-boat.  This contains items to be scanned and put on the shelves.  I also learned how to received incoming goods and put them on the u-boat. I learned how to use a scanner,how to stow, and received using a scanner.  The hardest part of the job was getting used to the hours but I learned.  The enjoyable part of the job was being in a environment with people and working with people. Management was overall good. ", " working for amazon was brilliant love the job but the agency we work for is not good as we were working 56 hours each week from start up until the begining of this month where our hours have been reduced to 20 hours a week due to the volumn intake ", " A typical day of work consist of either sorting product from your computer station, or Palletizing boxes to the right destinations using an RF scanner. The hardest part of my job is that it can be repetitive. You may find yourself scheduled to do the same thing for days or weeks at a time. The most enjoyable part of my job is the people that i work with. They are friendly people who do the best they can to help you succeed. ", " Work was grand, very repetitive though, but isn't every job really? I loved the working environment though, no one ever really seemed to be in a bad mood and you'd have a good laugh working there. I wish I was never let go to be honest but that's how it is and that's how it goes I suppose. ", " It was great for me were I did picking for the Amazon company I picking the items from the bins and make ready the orders from the costumers it was a nice experience for me and I would like to do again this job this job was temporary for the Christmas period ", " people everywhere exploding into beast mode doing various tasks...while managers point fingers and just watch.my co-workers were great. Hardest part of the job was working as managers watched doing nothing. I learned that I can do more than what I thought I could. Great break rooms. Overall ...I still miss it. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Fun and exciting company with exponential growth opportunity. I would recommend this company to anyone who does not mind hard work and long hours ", " A very fast-paced environment. Lots of potential growth in company if desired. Managers are usually assisted by a process assistant which can contact or relay any messages from employees. ", " Getting placed on a certain side of the warehouse and going through various locations counting items. the whole day you are just counting gets boring and a little tedious. ", " it` verry good company, co-workers are nice ,the management is super, nice and friendly i work in stow department ten hours per  day ", " I enjoy being kept busy with tasks that are enjoyable (who doesn't?) and provide an opportunity for constant improvement. ", " Fast paced environment always keeping on your toes with new orders and products.  Although, it was seasonal, it was great to work there. ", " This is a great job for people who like to work hard and move around a lot. There are many good people who work there, but its very hard to move up past Tier I ", " there is no job security and very little schedule flexibility. As a temp service worker you are not valued at all.  There is no assurance that you will be converted to direct hire employment ", " This was a fast paced job. I've never worked in this type of environment before, so it was interesting to learn how everything works, and gain new skills. ", " the best day for me in my work place .was that day when they finally decided to get me trained on a PIT , it is just what i wanted to do. I love working with PIT. ", " Amazon takes care of their employees as far as benefits, pay and schedule as well as many other perks! However, advancing in the company is very difficult and once you are doing a job, that's where you will be. No changing! ", " Provide quality work and preform several test and measurements to insure product quality is acceptable for customers. While also holding a leadership position that others look up to while communicating with higher management. To me the job is easy not because it is easy because it is far from that, but the fact I enjoy it makes it fun and easy. I am thankful to work with hard working and friendly people. ", " A typical day at that job would of been stretching and going over how many units we have to stow in order to be in the percent to plan goal. I learned that every manager is different not all managers are the same.The hardest part of that job would be the managers communicating among each other. Sometimes you were told to do a job from one manager than another manager tells you to do another job. The most enjoyable part of the job would be setting new associates up for success.That also ties into training other people on how to there job the right way. ", " It's a pretty cool place. the benefits are great. management kinda sucks.. you're constantly moved around doing something different and get yelled at when no one tells you how to do your newest assignment. hardest part is getting moved around so much. ", " Sunday-wednesday but a lot of overtimes .I learned how to work safely in warehouse and other places as well.Management is getting bad .The reason i say that,management used to be wonderful in my warehouse but now because of creating little leaders under area managers making a lot of mess like making favourtisim among associates other than that is good management. ", " A variety of managers which made things difficult and slow at times. Very difficult to move up or get promoted unless you know someone. ", " Amazon allowed me to received experience in multiple warehousing positions as well as obtaining licences to operate machinery. I enjoyed working for Amazon due to the fact that it gave me work experience that fit my major. ", " They care more about how much you can put out in an hour than your health or safety. You can be the hardest worker in the company yet if you can't hit your rate they will fire you. Management does not care about anything other than keeping their own numbers up, no matter how that happens ", " Good management a lot of walking everyone is easy too talk to fun activities to do on your break you can wear Own Clothing. ", " When starting a shift there would be a meeting where team leaders would tell us what needed to be achieved as target, I learned that in order to achieve the target we all had to work hard and give your best.  Management were very approachable for any reason,  I got on with all my co workers and made some new friend's, there was no hard part of the job as I really enjoyed my time working there the only statement I would make is the amount of time you got go and have food and be back for work. Most enjoyable part of my job was meeting the people that I did co workers and team leaders. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Shift's are very long and demanding.  No matter how hard or fast you go it's not hard or fast enough.   the warehouse is 1 million square feet wide so a minimum of 11 miles per shift is required to be walked.  managers are rude, pushy and dont give credit where credit is due.  Co workers are very understanding of the job and they do help out while others hold you up by talking to their friends. ", " Its horrible. wont ever go back. You have to work 10 hours straight with 2 15 mins break and one 30 min break. You have max 30 seconds to collet each item ", " Amazon is a fun place to work at. I learned a lot of things from working at Amazon, my time management skills improved. My co-workers are great, easy to get along with. The hardest part about my job is making rates, but eventually I do. ", " A typical day at work would consist of packaging, sorting and replenishing products and orders throughout the day. The management team was very helpful in getting me the necessary tools and skills to train me properly. ", " I absolutely loved this job! the bosses were awesome and treated you like an equal, work was engaging, great pay and hours ", " If you need a job, amazon will hired anyone that have a diploma or GED.  Amazon also have a high turnover rate.  Lack of opportunities. ", " Great place to work pay rate is remarkable, team oriented environment, there is always work to do but only temporary hires. ", " Every day was like a challange. I've gained alot of experience at this company. Ofcourse - friendly people. The most enjoyable part of the job was to instruct new hires and managers. Teaching people to do one thing or another, how to do everything properly at the same time learning something from them. It was really inspiring and encouraging time! ", " * A typical day would start at 7.40 am with a coffee and a great view over the Palace of Culture in Iasi, because our 360 degree office would provide that from every single place. Around 8 am an email or a quick meeting with the team leader would bring me up to date and would provide me the list of tasks for the day or for a certain period of time. * Even in a short period of time I was able to learn a lot from the overall \"Amazonian's\" culture and the Amazon's leadership principles helped me to become a better leader. *From the beginning I had the support of my direct manager, but also the support of all the members of my team and the teams with which we were collaborating. *I'm proud to say that I developed and maintained true friendships with my co-workers. ", " A typical day at work consists of meeting daily production goals such as hourly rate (110 UPH - Units per Hour), I've learned much about the founding of Amazon and the immense scope of the Amazon brand.   While many of the managers are approachable as individuals and  make every effort to assist associates anyway they can, I think that thier effectiveness is limited due to the nature of the working environment being production oriented.   For the most part, everyone I come in contact with at work is friendly.  The hardest part of my job is walking all night. Pickers, may walk on average between 10 - 15 miles a night. Conversely, as a picker, you work independently.   The most enjoyable part of the job is that associates are alloted personal time (paid and unpaid) that they must manage themselves. In addition, the benefits are excellent. ", " It is a good company to work. Down side is that you will not be able to change departments regardless of you performance. The management dose not encourage employee growth with in the organization. ", " The Company brings the individual onboard, and treats the individual as a team member. They allow the the individual to grow and volunteer for various positions and to lead and excel in the Company. ", " Days are long. There not a lot of good I can say about this place everybody here hates it and everybody is looking for a new job. ", " It was a decent way for me to challenge myself to go faster when getting items out to be packed. It felt like a video game after a while. ", " walked for over nine hours retrieving items using an RF scan gun and putting them into a container then loading it onto a conveyor belt. Lifted up to 30lbs. ", " It's hard work with little rewards.  Amazon makes excuses for not giving raises, (this year it was a 27 minute video) once you top out that's it no more raises, and most people top out in two years.  Yet upper management gets one every year.  If you excel in production you may get compensated, ha! ha!  Their compensation is a half hour UNPAID time off, and you get this only if the management team wants to give them out.  Or you can use the certificate to purchase Amazon swag.  Many associates get over 100% production and get nothing for it, so the morale there is stifling.   The unemployment department considers this a hostile work environment how sad is that. ", " it was a good experience for me i learn a lot of things how to do a co-workers job in hi pressure because was the holiday  and they have a lot pack to do in a short time ", " A typical day started with stretches and job assignments in the first fifteen minutes then it was nose to the grindstone for the next nine plus hours. ", " Amazon is a great place to work and it was really fun learning and being trained in the different departments. My coworkers and I built friendships that I'll have even after leaving, and my managers were almost always available to talk to.  The only problem I had with the company it that the managers were not very organized and didn't communicate well with each other, you could ask the same question to three different managers and get three different answers from each with would cause major confusion. ", " great place for young workers to learn the fundamentals for a warehouse environment.  fun atmosphere   great pay  great benefits.  lunch not long enough "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This has already been reviewed previously in this application, nothing else to add to this. I have no more to add to this. ", " It is the rate that drives you crazy - you race like heck and find your rate is 87.  On another day you are exhausted and walk slower and you find your rate is 115.  I have no idea why and everyone I asked all the way up to the GM does not know exactly how the rate works or why people get the numbers they get.   Otherwise, grabbing product and knowing it is going to customers who want it on time is rewarding and the supervisors go out of their way to thank you for the day's work. ", " Hello, I have the English driving license category 2 . cpc. digi . 0 points.  interested me the most, riding from the warehouse to the  warehouse  I am available 12 pm to 10 pm .  weekends and holidays ", " I didnt mind it at all i loved it &amp; i wouldnt mind working their again. I learned to packed a product right. How to stack boxes the right way before they got shipped out. The job was not hard at all. ", " Working at an Amazon Fulfillment center means putting in long hard hours. Most schedules are 4 days a week, 10 hours a day; with 2 15 minute breaks and a half hr lunch. However, your 15 minute breaks are technically only roughly 10 minutes long; seeing as where ever you are in the building can take you up to 3 minutes to walk to the nearest break room.   Manager can be very hard on an individual when it comes to keeping your work rates up. One to many verbal warnings can lead to a written one and counseling. Managers also have a habit of picking favorites to give them the better jobs and keeping them there without allowing other individuals to get different job experiences.  The company gives you plenty of time to use as you want throughout the year, but the downside to the time is that if you go over your allotted amount, termination is quick to follow.   The benefits and insurance the company gives its employees are worth all the hardships one goes through. They take excellent care of their employees and their families with different health care plans, stock options and 401k plan. ", " Constantly changing schedules. Looking down on employees treating you were like a 5 year child especially when are a grown adult. Management had there favorites. High turn over rate constantly firing people. Not a good place to work. Check out the company before you sign any paperwork job isn't worth the time !! To many young managers that don't have people skills or management skills. Write you up for anything for not making rate and always finding a reason to fire people !! ", " this place is miserable. everyone is miserable. pay is ok and benefits are great. makes you feel like your kinda trapped. ", " A typical day at Amazon is fast paced and energetic. The management and leads are friendly and helpful. My co-workers were friendly and helpful as well. ", " working with amazon was an amazing experience for a first job it was easy and fun. the managers were also super helpful if there were any problems if you have a chance to work with this company DO IT ", " not as I was hoping for. process is broken. weak coordination between teams. too many dependencies ", " The day starts with a mandatory stand up with stretches to inform you of safeties standard of work and production schedules. You were put through training for each department you were going to, very straight forward and easy. Management was around now and then but only when things were not as they wanted. Co-workers are the usual some are friendly and mix some were know alls and did not take very kindly to advice given to help then. the hardest part of the job is meeting their rates for the work as you have be constantly working to meet these goals, I hate to say that the enjoyable part of the day is the end of the 10 hour shift to relieve the stress. ", " Always busy, so the ten hours went by fast. There are multiple different processes that you have the opportunity to learn, so everyday could be different. You get to choose a benefits package that best fits you. All around, fun company to work for. ", " When I first started working for this company, things were just fine.  Seemed like a good sturdy company to work for.In the year before I left, changes took place that made me question my satisfaction with my choice of employment.  For example, the stock price of the company which was normally on the rise, dropped, and stayed down.  Also, the company started getting rid of some of the night shifts.  But management here always says not to worry because they are doing these things to benefit the company.  I don't know.  I decided to \"take the money and run\". ", " Boring work environment learned a lot of different process to carry on to anoter jon management was unorganized. just wasnt a happy place to work ", " BEST PLACE TO WORK AND GAIN KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE.LOVE WORKING WITH ALL MY COWORKERS. ", " I felt that production was the most inmportant thing that managemnt was concerned with. ", " Overall this company has great benefits. Way more than most companies have. I built up the endurance to stand on feet 10+ hours per day. I lost quite a bit of weight due to the physical nature of the job. The company provided several free meals especially around the holidays. ", " hardest part of the job is the hours. it was fun and the coworkers were fun to work with the most enjoyable was the pay every week ", " no review, it's Amazon. Hiring takes place thru Integrity Staffing. Upon completion with temp. service given opportunity to become full time. ", " The place is massive and you get written up all the time for not running full speed across the place to keep your time off task at a minimum "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " seasonal work only worke though the holidays. was not able to get the shift i needed to work. ", " Amazon work for me was a beneficial experience, I learned how important organizing a large group with several departments. I had the opportunity to meet and interact with people of different religions and from different countries, people who made me a great pleasure to work, i learned how important workplace safety ", " Clock in 30 minutes early, have a meeting with management, and staff the problem solve board for the day. I run a stand up meeting with the associates on problem solve about the goals for the day, any information they need to know and their rates for the previous day. Through out my day I print and engage associates with feedback for any quality errors they have made and help them find a way to not create the same mistakes. I also assist the problem solve associates with I.O.L, Sherlock and problem solve. I have learned to be a better leader and advance in my leadership skills. In management, some work well with others and some do not but enjoy the ones that do. The hardest part of my job is the diversity of personalities. The most enjoyable part of the job is the diversity of personalities. ", " picked out products that needed to be shipped out. Hardest part of the job was how much I had to walk a day. ", " A typical day at work was good.I learn a lot trained in all departments.My management was good.My co-workers was the best.The hardest part about the job was to stand steel ,I enjoy moving around.The Best part about Amazon was everything!! ", " The atmosphere is great, the management is spot on and available all the time, and the work is enjoyable enough that I don't mind working for 8-10 hours a day. Great place to work! ", " On a normal Night shift at the Amazon fulfillment, during the night shift it was tiring at times the management was good and they took good care of us. We had great health insurance and the Co-workers treated us well. I liked working here the work was sometimes fast then there were days when it was very slow. ", " My typical day at Amazon was always filled with new and interesting jobs for me to do. I was thought how to pick, run cages, and was licensed on the order picker. I met many amazing and fun people that seemed to have loved the job as much as I did. I wish I was not a temporary worker because working there I felt comfortable, and I actually looked forward to going to work everyday. Also, the management there was spectacular they all knew what they were doing, and kept everyone on task. Over all working there was amazing it was a bit challenging at first but once I got the hang of things I grew to love working there. ", " i picked item off the shelves used high frequency scanner to take them out of stock to be shipped.. ", " At amazon i was a stower which meant that when i clocked in i would have to grab these carts full of merchandise and put them inside these bins that are filled as can be with items coming out of them and we have to keep them all organized and scan them in. Our rate you would have to keep a 214 rate an hour for small items which is impossible unless you just throw things in the bins or stack and block items which is something i never did. I followed the rules and took the carts in FIFO order which means First In First Out and i never cherry picked carts to get my rate high and my rate was low and they are constantly on you about rate and there is way too much favoritism there, i was just getting physically sick of being pushed to work like a dog there and if you had a problem with someone who was in a higher place they would find a way to get rid of you or give you a write up. The managers talk to you like your an idiot and never praise you for the work you do, the only time your manager speaks to you is if your rate is low and they have to give you a write up, and you only get 3 and then you have 90 days and if your rate or anything bad happens within those days, you will be terminated. I personally couldn't work at a place like this anymore, i don't want to come to a job and worry if i will be fired or be physically and mentally tired of going, i want to be praised and recognized for the hard work i do. ", " Overall, I have enjoyed my experience at Amazon.  I work hard, and I am rewarded for my achievements.  The work-life balance is good, and I appreciate the autonomy I am given.  I am able to work on products and projects that most individuals will never experience due to the growth of this company. ", " very competitive pay and working environment.they have a lot of great opportunities available if your willing to put in the work. ", " A typical day at Amazon.com is usually caotic and unorganized,the managers are new so they do not understand the problems that we have and give us the idea that they do not care.Everyone is being pushed to go faster without concerne for quality.The computer systems are slow and it is hard to get the imformation we need to do the job expected of us.The most enjoyable part of this job is I only have to come here 4 days a week. ", " A goal for how much is needed to get done is set at the beginning of every night. Each person is assigned a job which is displayed on a white board at the start up area. The people are fun to work with and most have a positive attitude. The hardest part of the job is trying to stay busy. the most enjoyable part is getting to know new people. Management is ok. I feel they could be more of a part of the team and walk around more to see how things are going. ", " i always started my day with a thought that today i will learn new things and show good productivity,our management was good and very helpfull.my co-workers were loving and always keen to help eac  hothers..hardwest part was leaving job and my co-workers,enjoyable moment was luckydraw in best attendence.which i got ", " Over all good company,Fast patgjyfjfjtyhugttghbki,hdutyoilhgfdsw5t6y7u8polkijuyt5erty9olkjhgswer789olkiuytsertyuipoygtuiopojhygtfgyhced ", " this is definately a slave driven job,,,, i have worked for this company since the beginning of the new building. ( i despise this place with all my heart. the rates are so high and they yell and write you up constantly sending you here and there and other places to work and the favortism is out the roof!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. the supervisors have their favorites they keep them close by and dont send them to other depts. but if your not a favorite you have to go to AFE or PIck or other depts and slave and if you don't make rate in other depts you are wrote up and fired.the pay is 11.50 with 50 cent weekend night diff. this is this place you have to sell your soul practically and its the hardest most scammed job i have ever worked for they work you to death here for fair pay but you work yourself to death with no pats on the back no one says good job or nothing. its all who is the PG and PA\"S favorites alot alot alot of favortism and low morale here at this place. this job sucks.... its the worst place to work and i don't advise any person to work here. they offer a buy out but you can never ever come back to any amazon or its affliates iam taking the buy out this year!!!!!!!! ", " i learnd lots of different things at this company. i made alot of friends and the manegment is realy great  the hardest part  of my job starting out was keeping rate and qualoty up but after a while it got easyer ", " Good place to work i miss working there good managers good work place and leadership ", " Most of the co-workers are rude. Everything else is pretty simple and easy. The hardest part would be lifting the heavy products (dog/cat food). It's a fast pace job and must be able to keep up "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " How many places can you work for, do your best and still be relaxed and get the job done? Not very many huh? Coming in with plenty of time to settle into your station, everything is laid out so you know what to do. Managers maintain a presence without being obnoxious, and all your co-workers operate like a well oiled machine. I enjoyed everything about working here and I couldn't really find anything difficult with the job either. ", " you are treated like a child. they do not want you to question things or think at all. benefits are good but pay sucks. there is a pay cap and they will only promote who they want not who is right for promotion. ", " productive and your always staying busy. you have to know how to manage your time on packing boxes per hour. ", " Within working with the Amazon company I enjoyed getting my assignment when coming in. Having a available and clean work station. I learned the operation of the job very quickly and smoothly because of the team leaders and ambassadors. My co-workers where always a pleasure to work with. They all worked diligently and respectful towards everyone. The hardest part of the job was getting use to the shift standing but the most enjoyable part was appreciation of the work from the company. ", " A very fast pace environment but enjoyable. Management is very professional also caring about personal matters. ", " Working for Amazon was a good experience for me, I enjoyed it, there was no time for standing around at all, you constantly walk, several miles a day. It was physical but very exciting of sorts, always new things to learn. ", " the pay was pretty good,very easy job but some was trying to run the job like they had a higher postion. ", " The job itself is terribly boring, there are very few things that change the monotonous and long days. You work 10 hour shifts four days a week until peak, then its 10 hour days, 6 days a week. They don't really seem to appreciate their employees, but the pay is alright and you get bonuses and yearly raises. ", " Enjoyed working as a Team Lead but I did not see much opportunity to progress as high as I would like. ", " I am friendly, approachable person with an outgoing personality who enjoys working and interacting with all kinds of people. I am very hardworking and highly motivated. I have the ability to work well under pressure, I am always willing to learn from new experiences and I enjoy working individually and also as part of a team. ", " I help to fulfill customer orders as an associate through different departments. I've learned how to work efficiently and safely. I have had a good experience with regards to management. The most enjoyable part of the job is free access to coffee. ", " It was alot work that couldnt be done in the time they wanted. Some people reached those goals but the rates are outrageous. id only go back there if i was desperate for a job. ", " They only offer 4 hour shifts, little to no room offered for advancement. You spend your shift walking in circles or up and down a line, or rebuilding pallets because no one else can understand that little boxes are bad as support. You get one \"15\" minute break, but it is actually closer to under 10 minutes as the time to walk from where you are to the break room and get through security is part of the 15 minute break. ", " my personal opinion its a negative environment period. I don't like the place there nothing to tell. ", " Working for Amazon is fun and fast. I learned how Amazon works so very hard to maintain the shipping of our customers and to make sure the industry is running smoothly by having the open voice policy where feedback and suggestions are actually taken seriously and tried out. ", " meeting your rates daily is a must. very challenging when there is insufficient work or spaces to stow items. i have acquired additional habit not to be a loser.  Some of my managers are very helpful and some are not but irrespective of character difference, I feel satisfied when I achieve efficiency at work. Co-workers are relatively friendly people. The hardest part of the job is standing for 10  hours.  I have been acknowledge as best worker in four different occasions. That is what makes me happy. ", " Loved my co-workers who were on the front line with me taking back to back phone calls with laughter in between.    Amazon had a great work environment along with strong core values unlike many other places I had worked. It did not take long for the company to grow.  Amazon hired in managers who had worked for other company call centers and has now moved away from its free loving atmosphere and core values and has adopted the values from its newly hired managers past employers!  It was no longer a fun place to work and everyday turned into a struggle for your job! It was a bitter sweet departure. ", " working for Amazon was good, the work was fine but a little to much for a new starter. ", " a typical day at work but with fun and joyful staff/managers ", " The work was enjoyable and the people I worked with were friendly, approachable and willing to help others where needed. It was a good job with good pay, ideal working hours (day shifts) and it was within an acceptable distance to and from. I enjoyed my time working at Amazon and would do it again, had it not been for my temporary contract coming to an end. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day at Amazon requires one to be on their feet all day. I learned a lot from working here and also through the people I've met. There are many types of people here, you may meet your best friend here, or a significant other. The hardest part of the job is the physical demands. If you can get past that aspect of doing manual labor for 10 hours a day, then you will fit in fine. ", " -I walk within 4 to 5 miles each shift. -workplace safety -not much interaction with co-workers outside of breaks -physical strain -not a hard job shift is easy to get through. Weekly pay. ", " working with amazon makes you focused and motivated  to achieve your target for the day because its a customer focused company the needs and demands of all customers are paramount at all times. its always very busy because we attend to thousands of customers daily, team work is very important. the hardest part of the job is you are on your feet through out your shift and the most enjoyable is you get to work with team mates you can call friends at the end of the day because we assist each other. ", " Piking about 1.500 itens per shift, whitout errors. Walk between 10 and 15 miles. The colleagues are very nice and the manager. Don't need gym. ", " This was a very busy job. Even though the work was pretty intense, this company still offered a reasonable point system, good benefits, and room for advancement. I picked when I work here and olso operated the forklift. the compensation was good and the managent there was also excellent. ", " Amazon could be a little funnier to work there but its what you make it. ", " Even though it is a lot of walking you are constantly busy and it helps the work day go by faster and you can be very productive with getting your tasks done. ", " Every day is a new experience. It is fun working with so many different people. I love the interaction with all of my co-workers and managers. ", " At Amazon I learned many new skills and had fun doing my job. There were motives to get your rate up, such as power hours, where if you were in the top few you would receive a prize. I enjoyed working for the company. I plan to do peak next year. ", " A typical day Repetitive work Not very good communitation co- workers friendly Coming into work ", " Working for Amazon is a bit of a roller coaster. Some days provide you with lots of work and go by quickly. They are 10 hour days at minimum so you're essentially sacrificing your entire work day and work week to working, prepping for work, and sleep. I only work in the packing department, so I'm unsure of most other positions there, but here is a typical day:  There is a group meeting with your department. Standard procedures are reviewed, stations are assigned, then it's off to work. The work day is broken up in to 'quarters', and for each quarter of your work day you are expected to hit a certain rate of items packed. If you meet or exceed the standards, you're given a pat on the back and told to continue working. If you don't meet the minimum (which happens often if you're stuck at a station with no work or there are others fending off of your work), then you are questioned as to what YOU have been doing wrong. This is incredibly stressful, and you work twice as hard the rest of the day to try and make up for poor rate.  Breaks are 15 minutes, including travel time to the break room. This is not ideal as the facility is quite large and the break rooms are often a few minutes walk from the workplace. Lunch is 30 minutes; just enough time to eat, sit down, and re hydrate before getting back to work.   Most co-workers are nice, especially if you can strike up a conversation. Talking to those around you helps make the day go by faster, but at the expense of lowering your rate. There are often cliques formed during break and lunch, and people often fight for the stations ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> that have more / consistent work. They'll reserve a spot for their friends, even if they were not assigned to that station. There is no accountability for operating in standard assignments.   The job itself is pretty mindless. Once you get in the hang of things, you work at such a pace that you're often left to your own thoughts. While it is physically challenging to operate at such a fast pace throughout the day, it is not mentally stimulating. If you get bored easily, this may not be the job for you.   All in all, it's a place to work if you're looking for something to do. They offer great benefits and even allow you to modify your schedule for school and religious purposes if you can provide the paperwork they need. The HR department is often very understanding and willing to work with associates.   The worst part of the job is the rate you have to make, regardless of the position you're in. They have a standard you must meet, otherwise you will get written up. They often see it as just numbers and not \"The machines were down so there was nothing to do for 6 hours on Saturday\". They just see that you only hit 80% of the goal and question what was wrong with you. If you give the explanation of any other excuse than owning up to your mistakes, they mention that they'll \"look in to it\" but still require you to sign your write up, as if to say \"This is procedure for me to ask you what's wrong. I'll only investigate so long as we can put this on your record, otherwise it doesn't matter to me,\". ", " This was a great place to work. Even though I worked from home I had all the support I needed. The training was a lot of fun and getting to know everyone was a blast. ", " Its a good and steady job, short hours some shifts but theres always work to be done. ", " Seasonal employment, hard work and fast pace environment. Communication was fragmented and inconsistent coming through the staffing agency, regarding Amazon expectations. ", " got let go when the company got taken over by another. no reliably managers, or co-workers. non flexable hours, long hours alone unable to take requred breakes ", " The pay with Amazon is extremely well for a person my age they pay you a 11.50 an hour you also get a .25 cent raise every six months. they give you paid, unpaid, and vacation time to use if you need so. They treat you fairly well, if you have any personal problems there are so many people and chances for you to speak to someone. You have plenty of opportunity to move up in the warehouse. They treat you like a family and they also make the work environment a fun one ", " was seasonal work pleasant environment hardest part of the job was loading trucks the coworkers were nice ", " I have enjoyed my time at Amazon Fulfillment immensely. Rarely have I felt so included in a team environment, and Amazon has helped me develop skills that I can take forward with me as I continue to learn and build my career.  A typical work day involves a daily department meeting first thing in the morning that details the managers expectations for the day and designation of labor. After that, everyone goes to their assigned function and begins working. After lunch, we have another meeting where the manager updates us on our performance and informs us of any labor moves or changes in expectation. ", " Great fast paced work environment. Lots of opportunity for learning, training, and growth. Foosball table in the break room with news channel on tvs ", " I would pack all day or pick on foot or with order picker. I learned the shipping proses, how to lift properly. Management was cool, they do a good job. Most of the people are cool, lots of different people. The pace was the hardest part. lots of people to talk to. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Work shift started at 7 in the morning till 5:30 in the evening. My co-workers were great always kept the environment upbeat but the managers were rude and didn't really know how to treat people it was as if just because they were higher up nobody else mattered and if they didn't like you, you knew the most enjoyable part of this job was the paychecks. ", " My expectations for this company and reality were not even close.  During orientation they made it sound so much better than what it was.  I was put on the single pack line, which I actually enjoyed.  It was fast paced for the most part which made the day go by quickly.   However, something was always going wrong with the conveyor and the whole system would shut down until they were able to get it up and running.  I understand this was often times due to someone accidentally pulling on the emergency wire running the conveyor, or someone not putting a label on correctly, but it ultimately cost us our rate in the end.   This rating system is what made me want to write this review.  We were expected to package a certain amount of product an hour.  I am no slacker by any means and take any work I perform seriously.  I could not, no matter how fast I worked or what shortcuts I tried to take without messing up the quality of the packing, ever meet that goal.  The first time I ever met my manager was when they came to tell me I wasn't meeting my rate.  Needless to say I wasn't very happy to meet them on those terms and found it a bit rude.  I tried to kick it into higher gear and package up more product.   A week later, my manager came to me again stating my rates are still too low.  At this point, I was getting really upset.  I know I am a good worker, busting my butt and doing the best I can.  I asked if they take into account the times we weren't getting totes and were just standing around.  If the totes were coming down sporadically, then those workers at the beginning of the ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> conveyor would grab the totes and those at the end didn't have anything to do.  My manager stated that I needed to be greedy.  I was greedy and grabbed whatever tote came to me, but if nothing was coming my way then there was nothing I could do.  They claimed they took everything into account when it came to our rates.  Not sure about that, but OK.  Once again, I tried to move faster and was even more upset about the whole situation.  I didn't know what more I could do to get my rates up.  After talking to fellow employees, it wasn't just me who felt this way.  They would put a post up with everyone's names that weren't making their rate.  Let's just say, that post was quite long.  I was exhausted and sore after every shift.  We were working 6, 11 hour days in a row at this time.   The final straw came when a week later my manager came to me once again about my rate.  I was told it was my final verbal warning.  Seriously??  Never in my life was I ever spoken to or disciplined about my work production.  I was highly insulted and told my manager their expectations were ridiculous.  I knew I was performing the best I could, but it was never enough.  I was planning on finishing out the week, but once my shift was over I said screw it.  I was was done with Amazon.  I have never worked so hard and felt so under appreciated. They obviously don't care about their employees.  They push and push and make one feel totally inadequate and not good enough.  All they care about are the rates and how much product can get moved out.  They walk around with their laptops like it's an attachment to their body and are constantly analyzing everything you do.  Ridiculous!  Maybe it isn't this way during the off peak times, but I still would never recommend working for this company- EVER!! ", " A typical day at work was busy and at times stressful. I learnt how to follow the company process paths, how to prioritise specific items and how to better communicate with my managers and team leads. My co-workers where most definitely the best part about this job, they where the reason the work was as enjoyable as it was. The most difficult task I was given was to pick a deadline pick which is a time critical collection that has to be out of the building asap. ", " The day at amazon starts with weekly briefing. I learned to use time management effectively. The managers are great there and very helpful. The co-workers are also fantastic. The hardest part of the job  is to meet weekly target. ", " Learn and adhere to strict safety, quality, and production standards in a fast paced work environment.  Receive products using radio frequency scanners, build pallets with outgoing customer packages, shrink wrap and stage pallets for outgoing loading shipments.  Major teamwork required within a culturally diverse work group. ", " A Typical Work day involved Sorting to make rate for 5 hours and pulling product for another 5 hours.  on other days I'm In TDR for 10 hours or 5s I've learned Sortation, Safety, Water Spider, TDR, and 5S at Amazon. Management was great, always worked together with  all co-workers. On that note Co-workers had great team work ethics.  The hardest part of working at Amazon was that It could get real crowded. The most Enjoyable part of Amazon was being a part of the T.D.R. team (trailer, dock, and release ) ", " The work was easy, but their quotas were a bit hard to hit. the hours were very harsh. ", " There are different types of jobs at this facility and each one involves different types of skills. I am a picker and I believe this is an excellent job for young people; however, older employees (not all of them) tend to struggle to keep up with the demanding rates. Some of these jobs, such as ICQA are easier and less demanding. ", " As a driver doing 140+ parcels a day and racking up 12/13 hour days then getting told bring back more then 6 parcels and ill be sacked, you get where im coming from. I could not find an address once so inputed that i could not, after also ringing the customer.  Just to have amazon ring me and tell me ro reattemted it. I explained to them (well there indian call centre) the situation,  but he persisted that i must go back. To them they just want it done regardless of time or reasons. I once got in trouble for bringing back multiple parcels for businesses.... on a sunday. Amazon did not accept places being closed on a Sunday as an reasonable excuse. STAY AWAY!!!! ", " Assisted manager with projects. Helped crew line with products and checked for damages and defects. ", " The place had great new facilities and lots of room allowing for getting around the place to be quite easy.  The cafeteria had plenty of room with more than enough microwaves as well as plenty of games such as a Ping Pong table, A PS3 with Gran Turismo racing set up and an Air Hockey table.   Unfortunately, when the work was on, the place was rather disorganized in certain respects.  Picking, the simplest job ran rather smoothly.  Packing I'm not sure since I never worked in that area.  In my opinion however, the Shipping and Receiving Area could have been better organized and needed more staff members in order for the job to run smoothly.  Training for that area was practically non-existent, not thorough enough or not done in a professional way.  The main problem was that they had too many different sub-departments being run by the same small group of people rather than having a separate team for the Shipping area.  In other words, the work tended to be more stressful than it should have been.  On top of this, people who put in a lot of work or who provided feedback were not given the recognition they deserved and were instead the first ones to be looked down on which makes no sense whatsoever. But to give the company the benefit of the doubt, it was a fairly new warehouse when I worked there so it will take time for the place to get things running up to speed.  In many ways, it's machines they lack as well which would far exceed and benefit the company rather than forcing people to work overly hard when in many ways it's not possible for them to do that and achieve beneficial ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> results. ", " A typical day at work was amazing great management/work associates. While there I learned a lot and became certified in a lot of work equipment machinery. Management was great helped me with a lot keep employees busy and days went faster. the hardest part of the job is that I worked overnight had to make sure I had plenty of energy and rest to make it through the 10 hour shifts. The most enjoyable part of the job was that I drove equipment all day! ", " The only good quality of working here is the paid the most in the community I live in.. ", " Job Duties stowing or stocking items in anticipation of customers orders from the Amazon.com website. Fast pace work environment. very little room for error. Management for the most part make you feel like your apart of a family. Co-workers can be very competive but great to work with. Hardest part in this site is keeping up with the fast pace and also slow pace with the site. the people there helps the atmosphere of the job. ", " It was one of the best jobs I had it was a Productive place with a lot of nice people but the only own fall was there unrealistic expectations are far as production. ", " Constant work, droning and unfulfilling. Taking 10 minutes to get outside for a break, however you only get 30 minutes break (unpaid) so by the time you go out have food and go back you have ten minutes to ram something inside you before you switch off and carry on working. ", " Amazon is an extremely fast paced, frenetic, chaotic, team work oriented, talented employees, innovative, smart place to work. Amazon is growing and they understand the importance of investing in new technologies and resources yet do not invest in the employees much as a whole. This is a HIGHLY customer-centric place to work, and not much attention given to importance of retaining good employees or work-life balance. Management is extremely cut-throat and it brags that most of the people we work with are here for 1 year or less (that is because as quickly as they are hiring people, they are getting rid of \"low performers\" who actually would do alright in a normal environment. It is a dog-eat-dog environment and everyone is out to cover themselves. It really doesn't seem this way until you've been there at least 6 months. Despite all this negativity, it's a really cool place to work and I really like my coworkers, who are all by the way, super-smart people also. I've never met so many smart people in one company. ", " When you start off as a seasonal employee, it feels like you're always on pins and needles just waiting for any sign of whether you're being kept on or let go. Then you get your blue badge and it's all rainbows and sunshine-- for the first week.  All promises of advancement are on God's Good Humor. If your shift manager feels you're ready, you MIGHT get the opportunity to advance your skills in your department-- that is if there's time, manpower and experienced trainer during your shift to train you. Available manpower varies on the day and departments like to trade associates like baseball cards most days. Overall, you'll learn things, but they may not always be things you want and/or need to know. ", " This is a great place to learn skills that will stay with you all your life and can be applied to all different types of situations and jobs. Problem solving, leadership skills, thinking outside the box, Kaizen training. Managment is iffy depending on your location and department but if you get a good manager, life here can be wonderful.  My experience with this particular company left a sour taste in my mouth. It takes two years for your benefits to vest meaning 401k, Stock, ect. The trick is surviving in this shark tank long enough to aquire them. I worked extremely hard for two years, no disciplinary marks or issues, I cut it close on my personal time a couple of times because of illness but overall I was an excellent employee. I excelled at everything put in front of me and was one of the most sought after problem solvers in my location. Three days before my 2 year anniversary I was let go in what is termed a temporary termination. I was terminated for a three minute discrepancy on my time sheet. As I signed my termination paperwork I was given a paper with a rehire date asking me to come back to work in 30 days at base pay and my benefit accrual would start over. Suffice to say I never returned. I worked to hard to start over for two dollars less and no benefits. I believe that this job is a good temporary position but if you are looking for long term employment only accept a salary position with a contract. ", " i like to work as a team and also an a individual. getting the job done is my main aim. completing tasks set by management is a good feeling for me "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " In the morning before I go to work I check the network for sales.  If there were sales in the night then prepare those orders so they can be delivered.  On my lunch hour I take all the orders to the post office to get a receipt.  Shipment can't proved unless I possess a receipt.  Once the hair is shipped the work is over until 9:00 PM.  Hair is packaged and prepared for delivery every night at the latest time possible.  Completing all the tasks just mentioned is the minimum amount required from myself.  To ensure growth I must try to get the hair at a lower cost without sacrificing quality.  With attractive brands and thousands of hair listings posted on Amazon and eBay the inventory does sale. ", " The Amazon call center is energetic and fun. Everyone there seems happy to have their job. We all get the rude customers, but most of the time it's fun to help your callers. ", " A typical day started at 6:30am. Learned very good safety tips everyday. Their are Wonderful Managers there to help you in anyway. My co-workers were amazing. Hardest part of my job was the heavy boxes if they were not stacked correctly. ", " I feel so glad to work at amazon before,,I work at Kindle Ad Product Optimization team, it is an excellent experience. Fun work place with supportive management! ", " A typical work day at Amazon consist of nonstop work. stand for 10+ hours. lift 70lbs or more. I learn a lot about how a business should and should not be run, how organize to unorganized it could go quickly. I learn that you have to meet a certain requirement at the job in order to succeed as a company. The coworkers could either be a good or bad thing depending on what you make them out to be for. if you work well together to get the job done then there will be nothing to worry about. however, if you use the coworkers to make time fly by, by talking horsing around then that could end in a very bad situation. The hardest part of the job was being switch to different jobs at once then have to go back to a job that was on a timely rate after coming from a job that didn't care about the rate time. The most enjoyable part of the job was the benefits and working for the company helping it grow and reach its goals. ", " Amazon is certainly not for those faint of heart. You will be challenged on a day by day basis to do more and do it better. Internal promotion opportunities are limited. ", " Amazon is a very unique place to work.  You must be prepared to adapt to a new cultural norm where the customer is #1. Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History is an accurate motto. ", " you are on a 0 contract but you are doing 40 to 55 hours a week with the agency, they can release you at anytime The department i was on, you have to get a cart and put away the items thats in the cart. if you are stowing  shoes - 30 on a cart hardline - 45 on a cart clothes - 60 on a cart. you have to keep 100% concentration because if you make a mistake you can get errors, these errors can go against you which can lead you to lose your job. the hardest part of the job is being on your feet for 10 hour and keep concentration. when you go for your break it has to be 15mins from scan to scan, example - you have to scan an i team at 10.15 then you have to make sure you scan your next item at 10.30. In total you only get 1 hour two 15mins and 1 - 30min. the most enjoyable part of the job was talking to my operation manager, cause he made my day, and anything i needed help with they sorted it out. ", " friendly place, hard worker people and motivated managers and supervisors. I  love the discipline  that the place required for associates specially the safety. I  work night shift and I love it, i love the physical task, walking and moving all the time. ", " continuous work flow constant change in work enviroment. With the changing of the management it can be hard at times to establish one self new managers new rules and change of work processes ", " Fun environment to work, should be more flexible but management is over bearing and inconsistent. ", " I am getting older and the job was too much strain on my body.  The day to day operations were important and I very much enjoyed my time there.  They are very efficient in their employee selection and their needs from one day to the next.  The hardest part of the job was being on my feet for 8-12 hours at a time. ", " Although they are a really big world wide company and talk a lot about health and safety they do not practice this. They set safe working practices but set targets that can not be met by following those practices, if you fail to meet the targets you are fired ", " For the most part it's slave work. I worked as a picker and it was tough to say the least. Typically had to walk 5-15 miles per day. The breaks were too short. By the time you leave the pick area and get to the break room, your break gets cut almost in half.  The pay was decent for a warehouse job. They always had work so I always did 40 hours. ", " This is a great place to work. The amazon staff if very helpful and you can learn a lot. However, the Smx Staffing agency needs to learn to get their facts straight and not change the story later and blame Amazon for their mistakes and their miscommunication. ", "  \tHandled various warehouse activities using strict safety guidelines.  \tPromoted to SLAM operator in short period of time.  \tPacked and labeled merchandise to be shipped.   \tProvided great customer service with a positive attitude.   \tRemained a team player while meeting company goals. ", " in typical day of picker/packer your duties are to follow the scanner systems and picking items, placing them on correct conveyor belts for pacing, notifying missing and damaged items.   It is physically demanding as you have to walk or stand all day with little breaks. ", " easy , laid back , i learned alot bout the dock , my manager was a good guy is also worked with us , only part that was hard was maintaining like keeping up because sometimes  the Line will be going extra fast , ", " Best job ever.Relaxed,get to wear shorts and comfortable jogging shoes.Great team work and amazing management.Opportunities for advancement all the time. ", " - Random - Unplanned - Chaotic - No time for social charity - More power to all - distributed decision making  - hardest part: Moving from Microsoft to Amazon - Enjoyable part: freedom  co-workers: Not welcoming of employees joining from Microsoft "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Had poor training and spent most time figuring out how to do my job. Co- woker were really helpful . ", " Not enough time with family. Fast Pace job with little time to miss around. ", " Clocking in to work, going to the warm up area, that's an area where all team leaders and associates meet to discuss production numbers, incident reports, and goals. We also preform pre work out stretches. We then get assigned to  designated working locations. Walking through this huge warehouse, maneuvering from the Westside to the Eastside of the building in a speedy pace, and going from different levels of the three story building. Using handheld scanners, checking inventory, locating items, lifting boxes, using ladders, and also using pallet jacks to move larger boxes or empty containers. ", " Doing daily walk through PM's a lot of them Computer tracking work completed un-supervised for the last year Nothing is hard with my job ", " Department start up meeting ( going over our daily goals and exercises.) We do this twice a day.  Management is good at keeping us updated on our proactivity thru out the day and work week. My co-workers are friendly, hardworking, and fun to be around. The hardest part of the job is being on your feet 10hrs a day. The most enjoyable part of the job is at the end of the work week, we all as a team, work together to make or hit our goal that we strive for. And that's a great feeling!!! ", " well a typical day at work start off with a stand up meeting and checking staffing while that is going on we are strenching.After that you go to your station and begin working. I work on sort side of the department and you would start rebin items into the wall..Your station tells you what location to put it in. The hardest part of the day is probably standing up all day but you can get through it. The most enjoyable part of the day is after lunch beacause you ready to work and it goes by fast ", " The job is what it is, a job. They are a company that looks down on the employee like children not adults. Working at Amazon gets very boring at time, but again, it's a job. ", " -Adjust prices for products in the morning -Create an order for purchasing products every 1-2 weeks -Provide excellent customer service and answer any questions they may have.  -I have learned to manage my own business in only 30-60 minutes a day.  -Me and my dad own this business together  -Making sure to stay on top of returns  -Very simple ", " It is a learning experience, somewhat advancement, a career to grow in. ", " worked and over night job so it was a difficult thing to do. Yet had approved paid time off. Management is good too and its a well organized work space ", " Working for Amazon delivery is a demoralising experience.   The standard day rate works out to be little more than minimum wage and the company attitude towards its staff is not all that pleasant.   Though this could be more to do with the \"delivery drivers\" being \"self employed\" through 3rd Party agencies, but no thought to the drivers work/life balance is paid, and the workload has doubled over the last 2 months, and yet people are being sacked for silly little things.   One employee was sacked for accidentally reversing his van onto a customers lawn, but without damage to the grass. Still Amazon management made the agency end that drivers contract.   Amazon does NOT offer job security. ", " Amazon is a place to mixed with different origin people &amp; work as team is most important massage if anyone really want to work here. ", " Their high productivity policies make things like employee safety and customer service take a back seat.  This is not the company for anyone who wants to make a career of. ", " Learn so many diverse things at work. Meet all kinds of people in area. Very systematic and continuous work. ", " Maintaining 3rd Party Selling accounts as well as matching necessary meeting times with said 3rd parties to include; CEO's and Owners of private businesses, management teams and production staff to ensure that business opportunities were being met. Most enjoyable part of the day was being able to see metrics for accounts and realize that what work was being done could visibly be seen taking effect. ", " I enjoyed working here. If I had the opportunity to become a permanent member of staff I would have strongly considered accepting a permanent role. ", " Working for Southwire was a great experience. I would come in to work with a good attitude and leave with one. Everyone there did what they were supposed to do and their jobs done. Just wish management would've worked with me when i was in difficult situations. ", " i counted bins all day to make sure product was there,learned to use math skills better,management was ok,hardest part of job is if your shift fell on a holiday you was working so no holiday with family ", " A typical day at work included that CPT's was out on time, starting at half 8, 9 and 10pm then 12 midnight and 4am. This was a critical role as if any shipments was missed I had to find out where they were. I learned really good communication skills in this role. Management were not all that good. They gave a beginning of shift brief and that was all we really saw of them. Co-workers was one of the best things about the job, most were really nice, approachable people willing to help any way they can. The hardest part of the job was trying to communicate with people that spoke little English. The most enjoyable part of the job was most problems were different at each person I saw. ", " they send people home alot  they have long hours and you have a work weekend and they never have much work "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Besides being on your feet for most of the shift, it is a fun workplace. If you're a fast learner then you'll move up to more advanced roles rather quick. The management is fun, the co-workers are pretty cool for the most part. There is a lot of diversity here too. The hardest part is being on your feet. Many people gripe all shift because their feet are killing them. The building is as big as 27 football fields so your feet are definitely going cause discomfort. The most enjoyable part is being able to converse with your co-workers without \"big brother\" standing over you. As long as you maintain a good rate, for roles that require a rate, you're free to walk around to grab a drink of the FREE GATORADE, stretch, and talk to your buddies for a few minutes. ", " I worked nights so id clock in get a scanner device and log in and get to work on my picking. I learned how to scan, to be fast, get things done. The management was good. Co workers was fun to work with. Hardest part was running up and down steps. Enjoyable part was payday. ", " Everything is great . but with great comes very hard work and tons of reason to get wrote up . you never really feel like your job is safe. ", " friendly and helpful trainers. Outstanding training. typical day is taking easy phone calls from home helping customers with shipments. Easy metrics to meet. ", " While working in the packing department for over 7 years seasonally I've met so many wonderful people. This job will keep you on your feet and keep you alert at all times. This is really the place to work and meet friends from all types of backgrounds. The hardest part is mostly the quotas if your are not fast with your hands. Management is their to provide you with both positive and negative feedback on job performance and will help you really succeed. Yes we do warm up exercises to make sure you don't hurt yourself during your shift and we provide training classes for all the departments to make sure you know the basics of the job you will be doing. Safety here is really number one which is why they are strict on policies involving walkways, running and other things you shouldn't do in the workplace. ", " I loved working at Amazon until they removed the day shift hours. Half of the employees had to quit due to the shift change. ", " Pros - Good Pay, Set Schedule, and relatively easy to advance  Cons- Terrible Communication from management and not consistent in some areas ", " it was a good job, simple.  I moved packages to loading docks and into trucks. co-workers were smart and easy to work with. ", " The place is good when it comes to giving you the right pay, but management lacks with their employees and their system of doing things need to be addressed. ", " Management is incompetent and does not inspire employees to achieve. Management has little regard for well-being/happiness of employees.   Internal tools are not adequate to perform the job, applications break down frequently, leading to problems - sometimes serious problems such as not being able to order any inventory. You'd think a retailer would put more resources into its inventory system.   No clear path/ladder of advancement. Many people end up cycling through different roles but at the same level. Company does not provide good incentives to advance.   High turnover illustrates company's poor values - the average employee resigns after about two years.   Company/people/culture lacks professionalism, and often common courtesy.   Work/life balance is incredibly lacking. Management does not care how many hours you work and piles on unnecessary work. ", " A good job for someone young and not sure what they want to do with their life.  It'll give you some perspective on what work is and hopefully encourage you to want to go back to school. ", " Good place to work, just long hours and awkward schedules. The pay is good, but the lack of union allows them to pretty much treat employees however they want to. ", " Amazon is a very high paced, metric driven business.  During non-Holiday periods most positions work four days per week.  The company is still growing and very open to new ideas to increase efficiency and customer satisfaction ", " A typical day at Amazon consisted of shipping and receiving  items to guest. Management at Amazon are great they make if comfortable for you to go and ask questions.  My co-workers are friendly hard working people that are very big on teamwork, which is what I enjoy about the job because teamwork is very important. ", " A typical day at work involved reviewing returned items that other employees would determine that items sell-ability status. If I saw something different than a co-worker would of seen, I would correct it based off my own experience. ", " busy warehouse enviroment. achieving productivity targets and training new staff as an ambassador. Skills achieved to include :good eye for detail and excellent work discipline. Well organised international company ,biggest online retailer in the World. ", " I started this institute and since it was my own very first business i had too many responsibilities to be taken care of simultaneously, from administration to syllabus designing and scheduling teachers. I learnt a lot from this. ", " Great place that compensates for the work that is done. It is hard work but well worth it. It is hard to build employee relationships because the shifts are always changing, and seems to be new people all the time. ", " The hours are long and hard at Amazon especially during Peak season where an area manager can be required to work anywhere from 12 to 16 hrs a day 6 days a week.  The associates are treated much better than the managers are and the operations managers do not take the time to develop their managers for the next level up but pile on more of their work on the area managers while taking the credit for work done.  While the leadership principles are good in thought they don't apply nor live by them.  Maybe the company would be able to retain their managers if they didn't work them so hard or had a clue how they are treated by their site leaders/operations managers.  The compensation is good and if your able to stick it out for 2 years to obtain your sign on bonus then the 2 years may be worth it. ", " All you are is a number. How many items did you scan today? I did learn how to use a handheld computer and work towards an unreachable goal. The hardest part of the job was expected to be work like a robot. The best part of the job is you got to see all the new items coming out for the year. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Overall fairly good company that any individual would enjoy as a temporary position with above average pay not of the typical job. ", " Managers are very unorganized. Have to worry about position everyday scheduled to work. Work environment safe but very stressful. ", " My work is based on rates and production. Can be very competitive. A lot of room for improvement regarding management. Very friendly co-workers. ", " If you go through integrity staffing keep in mind when you get to Amazon the days will be different.  Fast but fun never a dull day. I earned about safer ways of moving items  very Polite people  Walking for 10-12 hours is the hardest. The best part of the day ...knowing you are getting paid ", " Easy work, but management believes SOLELY in negative reinforcement. You can scan the most items on the floor in a day, but they'll nitpick about one overage or shortage that's typically caused by someone else earlier in the chain (but they don't want to hear that)! If you DON'T see management, consider yourself as doing a good job because they don't give a darn about you or getting to know who they're in charge of. You're just a number. Or, if you're doing your job, they come by to watch you and NEVER give a perfect score no matter how productive, accurate, or fast you are! Most Managers are fresh out of college and walk around with a laptop and a radio and do zero real work. You can forget about leadership by example if you think a Manager is going to show you how to do your job. They care only about numbers and then at he end of the day....try to give you a high five as you walk out the door.....for what? Making them look good? Oh, and the absolute worst part about the job? You're there for 10 hour shifts. You might be a football fields' length away from the nearest break room, so when you get a 15 minute, it's really only like 5-7 minutes due to the travel time to get there! Same thing with your 30 minute....more like 20-23 due to travel time, lines to use vending machines, etc.... ", " My day consisted with picking with an Order Picker or on a Reach truck. Co-workers were hard workers and made Amazon a better place to work. ", " I would not recommend anyone to become employed with this company. A better management team and system is highly needed. ", " very challenging work environment. fast paced and detail oriented.  very large company. lots of movement. long hours but a short work week. ", " A typical day at Amazon Fulfillment requires one to arrive to work focused, aware, and ready to satisfy customer. I have learned to work effectively with people from all different walks of life, and how to multitask at all times. The job has very little difficulty if one comes to work ready to fulfill customer needs. However, the holiday season tends to become very busy, and requires focus in order to effectively execute. The most enjoyable part of working at Amazon Fulfillment is the interaction with co-workers. Everyone is usually on the same page when it comes to getting work done. ", " Feel free to get crushed under the jackboots of leadership with little chance of advancement. Great job to tide you over to find something better, try to avoid SMX. ", " WHEN I GET TO WORK WE HAVE 5 MIN STAND  THEN WE GO TO OUR ASSIGN STATION  AND START  PICKING  OR RECEIVING WORK FOR THE THE CUSTOMER AND ITS VERY RELAX  PLACE  MANAGEMENT AND CO-WORKERS ALL WORK TOGETHER TO GET THE PRODUCT OUT. ", " Face pace environment with not enough time for breaks and or lunch. Long work hours six day work weeks. No room for advancement. ", " I liked the work was difficult at first to get used to walking 10 miles a day but did help keep me in shape, only real complaint is the pay and the incentive pay. That a lot people really do not try because it is so low why walk so fast it's hard to walk at the end of the day if you only get a paper saying good job, do not get me wrong it's good to know how your doing it would be nice to make enough money to pay basic bills ", " Amazon is a easy going job with a tough environment to stay on as a full time worker after the holiday seasons. The jobs you are tasked to do are very repetitive but are also very easy to put to task. You can learn many things from the job if you seek to aim higher on the employment chain as many bottom level jobs are common sense and don't take any skill what so ever to perform. At the time I worked within Amazon we were undertaking 8 hour shifts starting from 7am and was perfect for everyone to keep both their work and social life separate from each other and yet still have time for them both and came as one of the many perks to the job. ", " Walking 22 miles a day maybe tiresome but its well worth it. You get ten hour shifts and great money.You have to make sure you get plenty water and eat all the right foods. ", " It's an enjoyable job however, it becomes tedious at times. You're expected to perform the same task every day for your whole shift (10 hours). Management makes judgement calls based on technological factors rather than listening to the valid complaints of the employees. Overall, I like the fact that Amazon is a very diverse company. ", " An advantage of my time in amazon is learning how to use Microsoft packages on a computer such as excel formulas and oracle financials. I have met many co-workers that I regularly meet outside of work for social events and sport activities. The toughest part of my job is making sure our internal customers have their corrugate supplies and count information so they can manage their teams and forecast their supplies respectively. ", " Challenging, demanding, fun, adventurous, innovative plus a bit hectic work. Nice place to work. work hard make history ", " Working at amazon opens a lot of doors. The managers and other associates make it a fun place. The shift and given job can impact your personal experience. ", " Strenuous job with long hours. Learned to sort prodcts. Management was lazy and harsh. Co workers were easy to get along with. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " To begin with, if you are naive and you believe all advertisements then you think that amazon is fun an wonderful place to work. Well, I would not agree about part being fun since what you do all day is picking at fast pace. But if you are not looking for fun place but looking for good job then I recommend whenever there are any vacancy at Amazon grab your chance. I recommend Amazon  because: +good pay at night shift  (~8 pound /h || overtime 10 pound/ hour) +easy job (you don't really need to lift heavy objects they say that the biggest box you need to lift weights 14.99kg but you will rarely find such \"heavy\" box probably you will be picking Hunger game  disc or Twilight books)   +safe warehouse  +you do not need to wear safe boots, well if you have been working in workplace where you need to stand or walk all day you understand what I mean. +/-your individual work will never be in vain since every item you picked will be analyzed in computers chart, ", " My typical day for working with Amazon was slightly stressful from time to time. You've had a few managers and supervisors who didn't know how to talk to people. The most enjoyable thing about coming to work is the people I worked with. ", " I recently just moved to Florida and this job helped me meet people. But besides that the job is boring and long. Your standing in the same spot for almost 10 hours and you are not getting put in different depmartment unless the other department is short. HR watches you everywhere you go so you cant really do anything. ", " i discovered my stregnths whilse working for amazon and they are i have a great ability of working well as an individual and i even work better with others.i also noticed that i can multitask adapt to different enviroments and change of position. ", " Hardest part of my job was counting , after 3-5 hours you just starting to work faster but your brain is tired already! ", " A typical day of work consists of standing at your station for 10 hours packing out orders for customers. I've learned in my employment here that you are better off staying to yourself and your work. Management sometimes are not as knowledgeable to the task at hand due to lack of communication. Coworkers are fun and diverse, you will meet a variety of people as an employee here. Hardest part of the job is standing in one position for a long periodically time. ", " Its a great place to make good money but the hours can be hectic and a bit overbearing. If you can look past that its a good job to have ", " working at amazon was a pleasure it was fast paced, fun and overall a good experience I must say. ", " Great place to work, very active workplace. The people are friendly and willing to help you anyway they can. The work is challenging but goes at a steady pace. You get 3 breaks to get some water and rest before you continue your work. Stations are maintained and kept stocked with supplies that you need. ", " no work life balance. be prepared to work weekends and nights. poor people management. everything is a fire drill. hair on fire environment. pay is good. ", " Working as a warehouse picker i worked long days, doing 10 hour shifts. The role was fairly basic, once i had figured out the hand scanner system i had mastered the job. there was extensive health and safety training, but once this was done we were left alone to get on with the job. I did enjoy being left alone and not having somebody looking over my shoulder while i worked but spending 10 hours a day on my feet really did tire me out ", "  \tHandled various warehouse activities using strict safety guidelines.  \tPromoted to SLAM operator in short period of time.  \tPacked and labeled merchandise to be shipped.   \tProvided great customer service with a positive attitude.   \tRemained a team player while meeting company goals. ", " Though the work is hard and physically demanding, the managers and P.A.'s make sure to maintain a positive environment in which you are told when you do a good job! This is critical for good associate moral! There is also a lot of opportunity to move up into higher ranking positions. ", " It is productive, exciting, interesting place to work at with different type of product and management. The management team make the place a fun place to work with different type of music to listen to and keep us safe in our environment. My coworker are friendly, and kind to other they will help you out if you need a hand. The hardest part of my job is making sure that my rate is at 100% and the down stacking of the product before they goes in the rack. ", " I enjoy working there.  I enjoy doing the job that I did and the people that I worked with. ", " I worked 4 10 hour days,  standing on  my feet and process product so customers can get there  credits  on there return policies.  And some of the time i was in unload lifting heavy boxes.  Typical day of processing consist of doing morning stretch to wake up the muscles in body,check the station to see you have everything to do your job, upload all the programs on the  computer check for damage and possible defects on the product,  makes sure all the items in one box is processed so the customer can there credit on there return. ", " Good for college kids to make fast good money. Long days and when it's hot out it's hotter inside, when it's cold out it's freezing inside. You will have to work fast or lose your job. Parking and working around peak time is crazy. ", " When showing up at work its something different everyday like getting to a certain goal to finish up the job requirement. ", " A typical day at work consisted of myself being productive by stow, packing and working the docks. There is always work to be done and I choose to work more even if I was not asked to do so. I learned how major corporation operates, and how management is run. I have noticed some of my co workers were lazy and uneducated. the most enjoyable part of my job was moving to different departments and expanding my knowledge. ", " Unskilled labor  Management of 100 plus associates Inexperienced Management Co-workers are friendly Boring tasks "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " on a daily basis i would review goods and decide whether they were available to be re sold or not, i would also keep my work station tidy ", " only downside is pay and managers. but for the most part it is great place to work for honestly. fun environment with alot of great employee programs ", " Most of the co-workers are rude. Everything else is pretty simple and easy. The hardest part would be lifting the heavy products (dog/cat food). It's a fast pace job and must be able to keep up ", " In this fast moving work environment a good vision is one of the most important elements. At Amazon we are surrounded by highly qualified colleagues who bring the company to the top. Amazon is the earth most customer-centric company and this is what drives the teams to overcome any type of challenges. ", " High energy required, I stayed motivated. Good to know that I was making a living doing well at the company. I wish that I could have stayed longer but my means transportation was unreliable. Otherwise I probably would still be there. ", " amazon expects an employee to work like a robot. The job requires that you exceed these ridiculous numbers. They focus on barriers preventing you from reacching the quota for the quarter. I dn't recommend anyone working for this company. You know they are trying to hide something when you get a write up for accidentially bringing in your cell phone. ", " great day..great people and good work place..nothing really just work hard and have fun...clean work place at all times ", " After being hired by Integrity Staffing Solutions for the Christmas peak, I was hired permanently by Amazon in February. So far I enjoy working there as a Pick Associate. The only bad side is you have to work along side some folks that don't work as hard as they should so that can be frustrating. I try to just work as hard as I can at a consistent rate. ", " A typical day at work consist of walking at a fast pace and placing merchandise in correct area so that it can be loaded on the trucks. My position taught me how to work at a fast pace and in a timely manner. My overall experience with management was good. Most co-workers are friendly and willing to help when you are confused. There isnt anything hard about the job. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to meet new people. ", " Working at Amazon when I arrive I meet with my supervisors and leaders to get a job agenda for the day, after doing so I began my job duties for the night and began to work in a team setting until the quota for the night is meet ", " They want you to work hard and not contented when you reach your percent they always wants more more more. No security they can fire you anytime. ", " A typical work day at amazon is very fast paced. You are always on your feet and standing most of the day. When coming into amazon in the morning, we start off with stretches such as lunges, bending over to loosen up the back, and reaching from side to side to stretch the arms. Once finished we talk about safety tips and quality tips and then we proceed to our stations or lines, in which we are assigned by our managers. Once on the line boxes start to come down the belt are we are to put them in the correct location according to the scan number on the box. We then stack the boxes on pallets and scan the pallet after the box is placed. ", " Amazon has to be the worst job I have ever had its to much walking, breaks are short, and hours are long. You get write up's for every quality or rate error so there is no job security. ", " Co-workers are enjoyable to work with. A typical work day consist of arriving to work for a 10 hour shift. Basically this is a job where you work for your money. ", " Great working environment, managers and co worker treated you like you were part of a big family. Everyone worked together as a team to get things done. Most enjoyable part was learning something new everyday, helping me performed my best. Hardest thing was unloading. ", " at work you processed products returned by customers across the world. management was okay the morl was low due to lack of concern for actual employess with safety and quality. it was all about the numbers. the weeks of overtime would have to had been the hardest part considering they only give ten minute breaks and twenty minute lunches. ", " your oon your own you cant even find a supervisor or manager when you need one and if you do ask there vere mean and rude also the employees hired thru amazon are extremely rude dont help with anything you get blister from so much walking even with the best shoes its too much and timed by seconds. ", " Very bad place to work. Alot of favoritism and bad things going on there with harrassment but if you turn it in you will be the one fired. ", " Amazon has been very good to me. Flexible work hours and option to work from home on occasion. They push you hard but it helps you grow. ", " good team working towards targets energetic got to be fit management good team leaders good long shifts average wage cant make to much errors "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " 10 hours a day made the day seem super long but other than that a cool place to work at ", " Amazon is a great company as a customer. However most promotion above management is external, and internal advancement is few and far between. It can be very frustrating on top of the hectic call center environment where most days calls are back to back. There are nice monetary incentives if you make goal that is spread out company, not site wide. They offer several areas to work in and jobs to shadow, though the pay is generally all the same and caps out at $14 per hour. It is a great place to work if there are not many $10 per hour jobs in your area, but if you are ambitious it can be very limiting. ", " Amazon was a job filled with a diverse group of individuals that embodied productivity. Given daily incentives boosted the energy of myself and other associates. I enjoyed parts of the job that included helping my fellow co workers. My day at work typically included customer orders that required packaging. ", " Friendly people with smiling faces who are willing to help answer questions or assist you to find anything you need. ", " Energetic management staff eager in pushing the team forward everyday. Managers can seem a bit pushy at times about your speed but if you are working at a good pace and follow protocol of the workplace everything is good. They offer rewards like gift cards and other incentives to help motivate associates to work faster to increase productivity. Alot of walking! ", " Would be a better company if communication was better and advancement opportunities were essential. ", " Your job is not ever secure, with thousands of temps waiting to take your job you can easily be replaced with just one slip up. They work you hard and don't really care about your position with the company unless you're a manager but it's great money. I've yet to hear someone say they liked the job but you always hear it's good money. ", " I absolutely love working at Amazon. I start the day early so I can prepare the employees for the truck orders we have set up. I write all the information down for the day and also set up employee's rates so they can view how they did the day before. I also interact with the employee's on a personal bases. I ask people how their doing, if there were any problems in the last hour, if their having a hard time keeping up, etc. I'm the person associates are comfortable coming to when their uncomfortable talking to a lead. I have learned how to document rates on excel sheets, how to read production, and how to work as a process assistant when we were short staffed. Management has been fantastic. I have learned more then I could imagine through management. My co-workers know me because I make myself known to them as soon as they start. I'm known as the girl who's always happy. The hardest part of my job is having to remind people about safety regulations. Some people get a little agitated when I tell them to get off their phones or only listen to one ear bud. It's expected though, because no one likes getting caught doing something their not suppose to be doing. I'm able to keep a smile on my face and I'm simply reminding them to save certain activities for break. The enjoyable part of my job is the supportive criticism I get, weather it's informing me on better ways i can do my job or that the decisions I make are good decisions. ", " Its very fast pace you learn lots of things from a business point of view you learn to grind very hard over a period of time an you see every one work together to get a common goal. ", " Work from home, love the independence of the job. The leadership team is also very helpful and respond promptly ", " fun place to work typical day-clock in, do your job, learned new skills, management is great, coworkers are easy to get along with, nothing hard about the job ", " I like hands on work and I enjoy the warehouse work. I can stand long hours. ", " lots of parcels to sort and deliver, management were very strict and overly bossy.  The warehouse was a fun place to work as my co-workers were fun to be around ", " A day at Amazon was never the same as any other day, it's so fast paced and busy you're almost always likely to be trying something new. You will see things you won't see at any other career site. I learned a lot about myself, customer needs, and my co workers. I originally stowed but I earned my forklift license, I received receiving experience, I learned to pick, I even coached potential associates. The management was great, I had this really great supervisor who was very considerate as a supervisor, you could talk to her about anything, and even if you are getting some not so great news, her delivery is so polite. A lot of people in the position need the qualities she has, because when you manage a lot of people you will come in contact with a lot of different personalities, and you have to know how to address people in a moral manner. I loved coming to work because there's always new opportunities to learn, you're too busy to be distracted. On holidays they provided us with food and paid time off. ", " This is a great seasonal job opportunity, but beyond that this job is a dead end. Communication between management and staff is minimal. If you don't mind walking an average of 12 miles a day with constant bending over this job is easy and enjoyable. Management after 3 years of service makes a max of $15/hr. 40 hour weeks are common with good chance of overtime. ", " I enjoyed the job but the culture at the location was not too friendly. ", " Good Job just have to be mentally and physically strong. Drink enough water to feel hydrated and just do your best. ", " Targets were hard to hit if you weren't used to that kind of work some of the management were a bit snobby and could be physically demanding. But I made so many friends there, most people were happy to talk while you worked, you could have a laugh while working and the pay wasn't amazing but it was above min wage for over 21s no matter how old you are (I was 18 &amp; 19 while working there). ", " work is not bad, it's a little repetitive, security is well controlled. tasks are very easy, overall good. ", " its a fast paced work environment, could be stressful at times but friends or other associates and some friendly competition made day go by a lot quicker. Management was great with communicating valuable information. Mandatory o/t holidays was bitter sweet "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Great Pay, not very much work life balance. Good fast paced company overall ", " Typical work day was 10 to 12 hour shifts and I learned how to manage time. The management staff was great and so were my co-workers. The hardest part about the job was dealing with fact that I couldn't feel my feet at the end of my shift. The most enjoyable part was learning. ", " Stored different shipments of toys and various items received from the customers of Amazon. Was responsible for all items that were received. ", " This seasonal job has been the greatest part tie experience I've had. The hiring process was fast, and before I knew it I was working. I did have to adapt to a fast learning environment, but I quickly caught on and was kindly assisted by leadership. A typical day at work consists of scanning packages into there proper location, wrapping completed pallets and closing them. Co-workers were fun to work with, I met a lot of nice people from all age groups, and I liked the diversity in the staff. The hardest part of the job is standing for hours, but moving around and keeping active helps this problem. The most enjoyable part of the job was working with the other employees and being able to listen to good music on the job. Management was helpful and polite, and always there to help out. ", " Management was horrible!!!! If you didn't kiss butt them you got treated any kind of way. Only the suck ups got treated good. I loved my coworkers though but the pay wasn't worth the stuff that you have to deal with. ", " Good it was wonderful, i loved it. Easy work good pay, get away with anything. it is a great place to work and i would recommend it to anyone. ", " was a very rewarding experience work under pressure appears to work fast team and quality and amazon learn these skills ", " It was a good experience working here, most of the managers were nice and respectful.Though breaks are to short and to strict work environment. ", " My workdays started at 7 am and lasted until 7 pm and a typical day was handling all the things in their own box that need to be shipped such as tv's and various electronics. I learned a lot about working in a fast paced environment which helped me immensely with being a better employee. The management wasn't an issue or anything mainly because we only spoke with them before our shift then never after that. My co-workers were very motivated as for most this was their living. The hardest part was the shifts because they took up my whole day and I had no social life as a result. The most enjoyable part was the learning experience as this was my first job. ", " The hardest part about working at Amazon was maintain your pick speed. I enjoyed interacting with the different departments. I learned a lot about the merchandise that Amazon ships out. ", " Amazon is a straight forward job. You know what your task are so I get them done. the hours are long and tiring but am a hard and committed worker to get the job done. ", " a typical day at amazon warehouse consisted of getting at 645 when the shift began, from the clocking in, we were required to move to our designated location. once in our designated location, we were led in group stretches, from the stretches, we were required to go to our assigned work station. once at the assigned work station, we began by making sure that our station was both clean, and well stocked for our shift. once we finished the check, we were required to begin working. management changed each night due to the shift and when they were scheduled. some of the managers were very quick and attentive to problems, where as others were not as attentive and because of it, problems were left not fixed. my co-workers were good, everyone for the most part liked the job. the hardest part of the job, was being on my feet in one space for 10+ hours. the most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people and making new friends. ", " well since i was working there for pick time its hard to tell about a typical day, for me each day was different,lots of new people and lots of stuff we had to deal with, summary would be each day coming to work without knowing what is going to happen, but at the same time, doing the same thing every single day. I perfectly learned how to work under the pressure. Co workers were supportive and easy to work with. the hardest thing was not knowing what to expect from each day. the most enjoyable was waiting for all the celebrations, coming together and enjoying the time that we had together. ", " a worked for amazon with a transportation company. Amazon gives transportation free to their employees, i was part of that team!  so it was very stressful, calls, you have to be quicky to solve problems, organised. work with lot of people and costumers.  i love work with my partners ", " An active role that involved lots of walking.  I walked up to ten miles a day and was continuously busy.  Physically demanding but satisfying in terms of gaining fitness. ", " Working at Amazon taught me how to work in a fast paced environment. The working environment was great everyone was very friendly and supportive as we all faced difficult customers. The management is very supportive and are always there to help. The only hard part for me about the job was the night shifts. ", " A typical night at Amazon Fulfillment involved a huge gathering of people who would get psyched up with our area PA, after which we would scramble quickly into the mods to work hard and fast for long hours with short breaks. I learned to persevere in an intimidatingly large work environment, and stay positive even when the going was tough. Management were positive, charismatic individuals who lead with enthusiasm, humor and zeal. My co-workers were often weary, but all very friendly and hard working. The hardest part of the job was staying focused and committed to a consistently strong work performance throughout many long nights. The most enjoyable part of working at Amazon Fulfillment was definitely the many morale boosting perks we enjoyed, such as games, raffles and even limitless free pizza during lunch time on the toughest nights of peak season! ", " Ok job and pays great but too much work and too many hours. Nice people and manger help out. They have night shifts. ", " Day shift starts 7ish 10 hr days fast pace to make units per day fairly easy job co-workers actually make it fun so time passes quickly the hardest part is actually staying there those 10 hrs daily the easy part is going home if you do make it til the end of the day. ", " Amazon was a place to get your work done and nice fool around . There was so much to do. We would ship the product. we would wrap them and take them to the loading dock. Amazon Always wants there customers to be happy. So that's what we did. I like working there it was not enough hours. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", "  \tResponsible for picking orders  \tIn charge of identifying and liquidating damaged merchandise  \tInventory control clerk functions to reduce shrink and increase productivity ", " Amazon fulfillment is a very fast paced place to work. you must meet quotas  daily and the work can be exhausting. However it can be rewarding. If your up for the challenge go for it. Guaranteed overtime during peek seasons. customer service is a must when handling packages for customers. ", " Amazon was a great company to work for. All the employees were respectful and professional. I learned a lot about the professional workplace and the hard work it takes to be successful. The hardest part of the job was getting used to the new networks but after training it was fine. The most enjoyable part of this job was coming in and getting down to work and making someone else feel good because I was the one that helped them. ", " Amazon was a great place to work. They had many incentives for you to continue working. The work is hard and there is a lot of walking however, the incentives make it worth it. ", " At amazon you work 10 hours day for 4 days. if you work for amazon you start off at 12/hour. Your on your feet for about 9 hours a day. Learn the job fast more importantly learn the shortcuts and tricks fast. ", " Everyday I would go to my management or my work station and do my work which is packing, scanning and shipping.  I learned how to pack and how to scan an item and how to ship items safely. The training that I was given was very helpful.  The hardest part of the job is the long hour because most of the time I was walking and standing up and my feet would hurt a lot.   I enjoyed my job because it was really easy and simple to do. ", " It starts with warm-up stretches and finding your station and starting your work. The coworkers was interesting and made new friends there. The pay days was the most enjoyable part and the hours. The three days off and the overtime pay. The hardest part was keeping the numbers up. ", " Scan items to get ready to ship to customers. You have to pack the items into boxes. ", " greedy company that could care less about their employees. You are not recognized for your hard work unless you are a 'favorite'. Any questions regarding your time, actual position, holiday hours, etc. no one seems to have an answer. (Management tells you to ask human resource, human resource tells you 'ask your manager'). Hourly quotas which some are seriously unrealistic. All Work stations have something wrong with them. ", " Working in a fast paced, and dynamic environment daily where no one day is ever the same. Working closely with all levels of employees including senior management regionally to coach, support and undertake employee life cycle related tasks. Proven capability of working in a stand alone role, as part of a local team and also on a global scale, with expertise in managing direct reports and advising others who also have direct reports. The most challenging part of the role is the pace and change of direction in the time frame this occurs. Although, challenging, still extremely enjoyable. The most enjoyable part of the role is the comfort that my peers and teams in which I am part of trust me and see me as a subject matter expert across a breadth of specialisms. In addition to this, being an integral part of change initiatives. ", " Fun management, just a lot of walking if you're a picker, and the lunches and breaks feel super short, days go by slow working there but that's probably all warehouses, they give prizes out a alot.. ", " I learned a lot of great things working for Amazon. I learned how to use the RF scanner, picking, packing and shipping. I learned that a great competition is always a good thing at work it makes you give it your all. All my team leaders were always making us feel equal and they always had a positive energy. The hardest part of the job was actually just waiting for work to come. Since there was a lot of workers we had to fight for work. That was the hardest part of the job to be honest. ", " i went in  to this jobing hoping for progression and stability but i was wrong ", " I've enjoyed working at Amazon. The work is challenging and the people are top notch. The leadership principles are more than just words on a screen they are talked about in almost every meeting. The people working at Amazon are some of the best anywhere. ", " 11 hour night shifts, using a scanner I would collect all items that would come up on my scanner and I would put them onto a metal tote and send them off to the packaging team to be shipped out. My co-workers were all so easy to get along with and we would all have entertaining conversations to make our shift easier and more enjoyable. The hardest part of the job was walking 10-12 miles a night, at first your feet and legs are sore and ache but once you get used to it, you find it's rewarding you're in such an active job because you would be keeping fit and losing weight. ", " It was a fun working environment and it felt like we were all  a team. I enjoyed my time there, I would still be working there but unfortunately the ran out of the day shift position that I was supposed to get so I took graveyard shift and I can no longer work those times. ", " i enjoyed being part of a team and working with managers aswell as floor staff when the holiday rush ended i was one of the last temps to be laid off ", " Great place to work, great insurance and 401k benefits. It's very hard to move up in this company, but you do get pay raises every 6 months which is nice.   Long 11 hour days and many 60 hour work weeks. ", " The typical work day is smooth. I come in get assigned to my work area, do what I do and if anyone need any assistances / help with anything, I make sure I'm done with what I'm done with the task before I lend a hand. The co-workers are fun an easy to get along with. Getting to know different people and learning them as a person is the most enjoyable part of the day. The hardest is leaving sometimes. ", " Experience with executing standard work practices in the development of associates Proficient with FC Console and problem solve tools Following the JIB with Pack, Sort and Re-binning  Trained new associates in Pack and Sort as an Ambassador "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " At the start of your shift, your area manager with give you a work summary letting you know what and how many items were due out on your shift.The work was easy to master.The only thing that certain people may find hard is standing for the whole of your shift.You only have 1 half hour break per shift (even if working overtime) and sometimes it takes 5-10 minutes to get through security.Everyone who holds a Ambassador or Manager position are very helpful.Packing was my most enjoyable position. ", " its a really good place to work , it is enjoyable to work when we have a lot  thing to do ,i have a lot friends in there , everybody is nice ", " A typical day at work consisted of tyranic managers who worked you like slaves. Incomprehensible HR associates also the fear of losing your job at any second. ", " Great place to work if you love to work in a manufacturing plant up to 12hrs. per shift. Everyone works together as a team, and I suggest you exercise and wear good shoes working here! ", " I have worked her for five years and enjoy my work immensely. They are closing their doors at this location in Jan- Feb. otherwise I would continue employment here. ", " a great coffee bar in the centre of my hometown,old music,quiet,intimate place great place to learn and develop your skills as a bartender ", " Just a regular small business with very down to earth staff and management. Very patient and willing to work with my schedule as needed. ", " From free nerf guns to going home at 5pm, as a contractor I had the best of both worlds at Amazon. Some full time employees had to work nightmare shifts until midnight when *@&amp; hit the fan, but I was able to work hard 9-5 and ensure that I was a successful member of the team. ", " I worked nights for Amazon ,the work was fast and you had to use your judgement at times because during the Christmas rush it was fast and you needed to be alert and make sure your job was done correctly and to the company strict ways ,I learnt lots while there it was a good experience and you had to be always alert for  mistakes made by the products damaged or the wrong type .,so the customer and the company during the time I worked there had a good production from me and the customer had there item of purchase packed safely and secure . So working for this company was rewarding and i enjoyed the time I worked for Amazon . ", " my day involves of loading and unloading carts full of items. I learned how to work at a steady pace and the management were tough at times.l but they worked with me and my great co-workers. the hardest thing about the job was walking 10-15 miles a day, but the best part about the job was the workout ", " I really enjoyed working at Amazon.  The job was never the same on any given day.  I was able to train on several different positions.  The managers, in my opinion, were always fair and never just assumed something happened.  I would really like to join this company again and prove that I am as good as I say I am.  I think I can make a company like this grow and expand into a company that anyone and everyone would enjoy working with. ", " very competitive pay and working environment.they have a lot of great opportunities available if your willing to put in the work. ", " The insurance is available as soon as you start. Amazon gives the opportunity to study in another field after one year. On a typical day you could be moved multiple times which effects your rate; and your daily rate is how you keep your job. Co-workers are able to talk to each other on breaks and at lunch, but can be reprimanded for talking any other time. The hardest part of the job was walking the 10-12 miles; the distant of the building from side to side and all three floors. ", " Amazon overworks their employees, and dosent treat their employees right, I would not reccommend this job to anyone even though I was their for awhile. ", " Great place. Not hard work at all, very clean, staff and mamagement were very nice, great place to work and learn new things. ", " The hardest part of the job were the short breaks we received. The schedules were great depending on what best suit your week ", " I learned a lot about Stowing, picking, receiving, and I C Q A.  The bosses was great, but the co-worker was not the best team player.  I management my time wisely though out the day.  Most enjoy part of my day is when I made rate and work 150%.  I always gave the best of me. ", " I enjoyed my job here. It was a seasonal position. It was a positive work environment that I really enjoyed. This company offers a lot of opportunities and is very well ran. It taught me to have a lot more patience and helped me gain a lot of experience in customer service and problem solving. This job is very rewarding. The hardest part of the job was explaining to customers our policies when they were previously misinformed at retail stores about how our company is ran. Overall I enjoyed my job here and would not mind working for this company again. ", " I am grateful to have this job at Amazon, but honestly if management work together and in fairness it would be a better workplace. Amazon needs to think more of the employees then as them as just numbers. ", " Overall, it was a good job. You meet a lot of people and the jobs are all together easy. When they took over Zappos though, they got rid of the free lunches and cheap vending. You get good benefits such as cheap health insurance though. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I liked working here cause the work environment was very different from any other job I worked at. I loved cooking the food and providing customer service to the guest. The fact that their culture is all around in the store environment is a plus as well. ", " love this place, benefits are great once you become permanant , PAs Managers and Gm a very friendly understanding and are in the best benefit of workers ", " The management  treated people fairly and  listened to the workers. I liked the fast pace and working in a different area every day.  I learned to speak up and to listen to co-workers and to work together to solve a problem. ", " your typical warehouse job. you pick orders, pack orders, and load trucks. you drive order pickers. ", " Honestly speaking, those who love challenges and progress will feel so comfortable in this company. It is all about how high you se the bar for yourself. ", " there was always a job to do with the fork lifts and always very fast pace job ", " Amazon is a wonderful place to work. You are basically working for yourself at this job. Make sure you make rate and follow the simple and limited rule and you would enjoy this job. ", " I had Learned quite a lot off things at amazon, and got on really well with the other staff/mangers... ", " Area Managers are shift leaders. A typical day requires delivering two start-up meetings - one at start of shift and one at lunch. AMs are responsible for ensuring that the operation (machinery and staffing) in their designated area runs smoothly. They support the supervisors, who are responsible for ensuring that the direction of the AM is carried out at the associate level. Area Managers are also responsible for process improvement within their areas, leading small focused groups in 'kaizen' events (Lean Continuous Improvement events).   The 12-hour days can be exhausting, as you are standing on concrete for nearly the entirety. The flip-side is that Amazon provides an effective, free weight loss program! The pace at Amazon is relentless. Amazon has an exciting, fast-paced tech mentality of 'if you are not constantly striving to stay ahead, you will fall behind', so processes are constantly being analyzed and changed.   Apart from peak season (Christmas), perhaps the most challenging aspect of the job is in the implementation of new processes. Amazon runs eight shifts with four Area Managers for each department. Finding time to coordinate with each area manager and convincing them that this new process change is something they need to focus their time and efforts on can be challenging to say the least.   Overall, the company does a good job of providing opportunities to those who buy into the culture and the pace. ", " worest place I have ever worked bad management no communication no trust would not recommend anybody work at amazon ", " Well never a dull moment.What I learned is patience is a virtue. as for management well it was a big big turnover  with that .coworkers made lots of friends.The hardest part of job was when machines broke down then your rate drops then you get yelled at .we tried to make everyday fun no matter what the day brought everyday was different.You never knew from one quarter of the day to the next what  you would be doing.kind of exciting always something different.we did exercise every morning before starting and after lunch every day. ", " A typical day would be slow at times, but the work may pick up during peak season. I've learned a lot when it comes to completing different tasks and assignments. The hardest part of the job may be when management tries to have you in more area than one at a time. The most enjoyable part of the job is finishing work efficiently and with no complaints. ", " I really like working here the coworkers are fun and makes the night go by fast but on the other hand the company is built around numbers. in my department they stress the 2 quotas we have to meet so bad that they will write u up so much if u cant or don't meet them that they will fire u before your 90 days is up. ", " It use to be a fun place to work but management changes so much that you cant really get use to anything but it is a pretty easy place to work nothing is really hard but it is just a job and not a career. ", " Although I tried my hardest and went above and beyond for the company, they never tried to help me when I asked to be switched around to different positions. I enjoy doing tons of different jobs when I can, but it was never offered to me even when I went after it. ", " Amazon 12 hour shifts will take a toll on your body. The building and parking lot is very crowed. Management is not friendly. ", " Productive and fun workplace atmosphere with an awesome management team and helpful co-workers. I learned that treating the customer like a friend helps build their loyalty. The hardest part of the job is the training, which is intense and very fast paced. The best part of the job is having the authority to help my customer (within limits) at my discretion. ", " depending on which position and shift, you will be working long and hard. yes they accommodate school hours but make sure you put your availability of those hours because  they will put you on as anything time. For example, my classes fell on tuesdays and thursdays, but my schedule was Sun thru wednesday. so I would have to have an approval by a manager about that tuesday off. However, management is under a lot of stress where they instantly forget. all and all, my experience was awesome, the work gets boring quickly and the pay was worth it. Peak season is the worst, especially for students. Around that time peak seasons hours range from 40 through 60 hrs a week. Which sucks for students because you will be too tired to study or even go anywhere. But I wouldn't miss a day because the pay is great! ", " Come in and clock in at 6:25 worked a 10 hour shift everyone was friendly and if you needed help someone was always there to help ", " Good and fun to work there, the people are greate, management is very poor. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This company allows for advancement along with training available. The company is new to this area with many transfers from Corporate and branch offices. The work ethic is a very positive one and allows for inter-actions. ", " - this job was definitely not for me. - I've really learn alot about the process of packing. - the hardest part of working there was production ", " Warehouse -good people- constant employment       a typical day at work     what you learned     management     your co-workers     the hardest part of the job     the most enjoyable part of the job ", " love this place, benefits are great once you become permanant , PAs Managers and Gm a very friendly understanding and are in the best benefit of workers ", " I enjoyed my 13 months at Amazon and was able to learn new facets of the warehouse distribution workforce. ", " Insurance is good, pay could be better. Some opportunity for advancement. Managers are nice. Most days we work full shifts other days we work until no more work ", " Wouldn't recommend anyone to work here but its a job when in need. didn't find it a great experience as the management are not keep to help with anything if and when arise ...  theres no respect for the staff!!!! ", " I really enjoyed work for this company.. Everyone wanted you to succeed and went out of their to be helpful. The whole staff from management to the floor staff always made the work environment fun and exciting.. ", " fun place to work, had a great environment, easy place with lots of good benefits. Quick paced and ever changing. Really enjoyed my time there. ", " Stressful, lack of work/life balance. Too much demand to do too much. I enjoyed my job as I love working with customers. It would have been much better if they would have reduced their expectations of staff. ", " A typical work day consisted of long hours, but fast hours. Massage chair, ping pong table, video game, basketball court, etc. during break. The most enjoyable part about the job was satisfying the customers. ", " Day starts swipe your badge to get through the gate and eat breakfast/snack asap if you get to work early. After breakfast you immediately join the meeting/huddle for your work shift which is basically a itinerary for the day in which includes your workload, and areas of the building you will be in for the day depending on if your stowing or picking your locations vary. It's usually a 10-12 hour work shift with 2 15min breaks and a 30min lunch. You swipe your badge to clock in and out for every break, lunch, upon arrival, and upon departure. ", " 10 TO 12 hour shifts proficient at Microsoft word great time management great co-workers just standing not getting proper breaks ", " This was a pressure cooker of a job for me.   I was asked for ETAs on things I knew little about daily and had to provide a 100% sure answer with absolutely never seeing any of the code I was supposed to work. They use no carrots here.  It's all sticks.   And when you do a great job and get 10 miracles done in 2 day they will throw 10 more insane tasks at you to get done in 2 or 3 days.    Because everyone is so over tasked it's extremely hard to get others time for background help. I would only say that the pay was good and there are really smart people there. But the turn-over is the worst I've ever seen.  I've been there 6 months and 6 people have left and gone in my group.  4 have come and left in that very short period of time.  And most were good workers that just didn't want the level of stress.  I consider myself extremely driven and this place was too much for me.  My health is more important than a few extra bucks.   Run from this place despite the enticement of money.  They clearly put NO value in there employees.    There's nice people to work with... those are the miserable ones generally...  and there's complete ruthless task masters.   I had 3 managers for just me... one developer.  Usually it's the other way around and you will have 3 developers for one manager.  But for me it was reversed.  Just bad management if you ask me.   I finally pushed back to get more developers and they got an intern.    So little investment in developers in my opinion.  You will quickly go from 40 to 45 to 50 hours in no time.  You can probably get by with 50 hours ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> working extremely hard.  But more like 60 hours will be the norm if you don't want that much stress. I worked 8am to 6:30 pm most every day on average (with some days leaving as late as 8pm) and it is non-stop every second of every minute of every hour at 100% with very few breaks.  Just to give you a reference point.  Maybe this is because I was a contractor.  But it seemed the same for full time as well to me. ", " Easy to get job but standing and walking for 10 hours per day 4 days of week is torture on your feet. Your feet will begin to burn and sting after 3 hours. This company should talk about this up front before people are hired. ", " Amazon is a very good place to work with and the management are are very respectful and nice. I worked with a very good co-workers. ", " needs improvement  and leads need more experience wasnt tooken serious wasnt given options to grow. co workers were good very good culture but had poor leadership. hardest thing was learning rules when the changed hourly ", " Amazon is all about numbers. Productivity is king. But Amazon offers you what most others don't - resources and opportunities in plenty to prove your worth. There's never a dull day. ", " a typical work day is 10 hours, work is repetitive and requires long hours of standing. my co workers are the best. Meeting daily goals is the most enjoyable part of the job ", " I work from home, troubleshooting Kindles, apps and other devices. Customer service is the main focus, and the reward of helping people is amazing. I work with some forward thinking and dedicated team members. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon has a great culture.  It's very fast paced, like drinking from a fire hose, because Amazon is ever-evolving and growing.  That being said, the culture there is laid-back and \"business casual\" in the offices, more casual in the fulfillment centers.  You're expected to work hard, but as long as you are self-disciplined and can keep focused and perform your metrics and achieve your goals, management will leave you alone.  They are, however, good at touching base with you and keeping you in the loop.  Communication at Amazon is good, and I think that is one key element to their continued success. ", " You will have the brightest minds to work with. You will be learning so much from the peers. Every thing you deliver or work on will be measured against the Leadership principles. ", " I HAVE NEVER HAD AN CALL ANSWERED OR RETURNED BY AMAZON FULFILLMENT (DFW7)     The job is very physically demanding, and takes some time to get used to (nearly a month). You can be in the last day of your 50-hour week, with a completely numbed brain and nearly unusable feet, then be told on your last break that you have to do it again for another 12 hours tomorrow.  Shift management terrible. Expect to have 2.5 hours shifts on non-overtime days. Overtime days have 2.5 hour shifts for the first half, then a 3 hour shift, a 15 minute break (5 of which are walking) then a 4 hour shift to END THE DAY. This means PAIN.   Managers are excellent and assist on a personal basis. This is the real shining part of this position, people who work there are NOT going to terrorize you on your performance, and in fact will hold conversation and build relationships.  Pay is good after you learn to tolerate the position and make friends. Everyone has the same opinion you do, and often the \"Im-completely-exhausted-but-i-get-money\" topic is a prime conversation subject between associates.  Bonus pay is impossible in nearly 80% of positions. Managers expect you to meet and exceed \"rate goals\" which would be achievable if the machine could actually VEND THAT FAST. Often i have worked my butt off for \"power hours\" that reward 50-100$ gift cards, only to be sadly shut down by the machines either stopping, or not having enough work to do to meet said rates.  Now, on to HR: I was sick for the allowed time (5 days) and returned with a doctor's note. When i returned to find my key would ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> no longer allow me into the building, I was met by a lady from HR who told me they had accidentally terminated me and that i would be back to work within 1-2 days. Here I am a week later without a single call, email, or any form of communication. I have called over 20 times and left numerous messages. I HAVE NEVER HAD AN CALL ANSWERED OR RETURNED BY AMAZON FULFILLMENT (DFW7)  In addition to this, the scheduling/attendance department has almost no grip on things. I had to correct on two occasions, times where my schedule had been changed without notice, and I had nearly been fired because of it.These problems took multiple days to settle on BOTH ends even with the workers in HR saying \"oh that's obviously an accident\"  Overall, Amazon has been tolerable, but with my recent problems, this location should NOT BE CONSIDERED FOR SEASONAL WORK. Unless you are ready to fight unfair termination DAILY.  Normal workers get the GOLDEN TREATMENT (non-seasonal workers). I would only consider this a \"real job\" If you can make it past a seasonal worker here, otherwise you could be thrown overboard without a word or reason. ", " On a typical day i did picking but i learned the packing skill and how to use a scanner. The hardest part of the job is the concentration. ", " Amazon was an awesome experience! The hours was my down fall and the fact that your given a day or two of training and then you're on the floor. Let me not forget that the people that work there are so rude! Like, they take their problems out on anybody. Otherwise, the place is okay lol. ", " Amazon is a great place to work as a contractor.  You will work hard, learn a lot of skills that are transferable to other industries and have fun. ", " Hardest part of the job is working very repetitive motions in a schedule that looks like a 10-12 hour day for five days a week. ", " long day productive hardest part is you work nonstop but you get three days off work four during the week ", " It pays great, the hours will cause a married man to become a divorced one, you work on some of the most innovative projects around but, the bar is insanely high. ", " I would come in and check everything to see if everything is the way it supposed to be. I would usually have to prep vegetables. After that I would assist on the front line and try to keep everything filled and or clean. ", " Always doing something never a chance to stop. The most enjoyable part is knowing I could always better myself there. The hardest part was walking long distances for a long period of time. I learned that keeping a steady pace at amazon is very important. ", " The comradery of the employees was excellent  I was able to work with my wife I learned how to be more efficient Management was always willing to teach  Hardest part of the job was standing for 8+ hours a day ", " same as before bad managment nothing to do with ambassadors , bad policies , very strict not saying i wouldnt work there again because a job is a job ", " my review to Amazon is going to be about there production rate. its harder than you think before you enter. I like that kind of work. Keep me busy, ", " I would pick customer orders on a 10 hour shift 5 days a week. i learned how to use a scanner, read barcodes, locations. It was a very fast paced job which i enjoy. The pay, hours and benefits were awesome! ", " Long, hard and demanding hours. Not as difficult as everyone makes it but it's not a breeze either. Hard work with Amazon does pay off. ", " Vvvery fast paced on your feet 12 hours a day need speed and memory a must minimum breaks did not fit the hourly work culture but fun highly competitiveand challenging job vvery few mistakes and deadline for product pick up a nice place to work for those whom have ambition and drive ", " amazon was a fun place to work but also a very busy place   a typical day at work , would include reseving,organizing and making sure products are suitable to be packed ready to be dispatched.   management in the work place was outstanding, the hardest part of the job  was  working at Christmas time .   The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people,working as part of a hard working team and also working interdependently. ", " There were changes in the job almost everyday. New rules or system programs that didn't really benefit the workers but were set up to make us fail. I learned problem solving skills and basic wear house functions. The managers were always changing. My co-workers were always a joy to be around. There were many different people from many backgrounds. I learned so much from my co-workers. The hardest part was the long hours and trying to keep up a good rate with dry lines. The co-workers were the best part of the job. ", " This Job overall was fast paced, with a large number of employees in the building at one time. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I am currently working at Amazon, Rugeley. I work on stowing and receiving. I thoroughly enjoy this role as Amazon is a fast paced and busy environment. ", " I quickly learned how to adapt in a results-driven environment. Every single employee is willing to help and extend their expertise. Even as the company expands rapidly, the atmosphere is fun and exciting. ", " I had actually gotten hired through SMX ( employment agency). I knew this job was too good to be true, but thought i should give them the benefit of the debut. On orientation day, they went over all the basics, but seemed to leave out some vital information. There must have been at least 70 people crammed in the room for orientation this day. Nothing was EVER mentioned about how much time we had to learn our assigned positions. On our second day, (our official first day of hands on work, alone) after our shift, an Amazon P.A. (manager) told us not to worry about our \"numbers\" and to focus on \"quality.\" Starting my second week, i had a SMX coach approach me to discuss my \"numbers.\" She assured me my numbers were not bad since i was still new. She also mentioned that all employees who were starting on their second week were on \"learning mode\" and that we had a month to learn our position. Come Wednesday, i got a write up for my \"low numbers\" on my first week! I told the coach that i was told by another SMX coach that i had a month to learn my job and that an Amazon manager even told a bunch of us at a little meet up after our shift not to worry about \"numbers.\" This coach said that i wasn't suppose to be told that cause it wasn't true.Long story short, it's a load of crock. SMX says one thing while Amazon turns and says the total opposite. They also encourage you to refer your friends and in return they will give you $25. What they also fail to mention is that as long as you and the person you referred last a whole thirty days, then you'll get your $25 referral. All in all, find ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> a better job. ", " Very fast paced with one call after the other. Every call different than the other. Some 2-minutes long with no issues, others 45+ minutes with multiple issues.  A verity of questions, from help finding a toothbrush to setting up a Blu-ray player to play Amazon Instant Video's. ", " The co-workers were very mean, also hygiene for some workd were not the best. Management was terrible. They gave the easy positions to people that were older and less experience workers. ", " Had a great time working at amazon. Great coworkers and benefits. ", " I like to work at amazon for one cause its casual wear for your clothing so you get to wear anything you want and the management team is very open to your ideas and care about how you doing every day. ", " I was told not to go to Amazon and should have listened. The job is physically demanding (standing and walking for 10 hours, with very short breaks). They over-hire, so we were constantly being sent home early. They constantly told us they brought in 1,000 new hires a week. In my book, this is not a good sign. We would stand around for an hour waiting for work. When we received work there was nowhere to \"stow\" it, because the shelves were overflowing. In spite of that, we were written up for not \"meeting the numbers\". Stressful atmosphere. 11.50 an hour is good, depending on what you are used to, but it is not worth the stress. ", " Arrange work for associates to reach target goals. Leadership skills. ", " Learn and adhere to strict safety, quality, and production standards Receive products using radio frequency scanners ", " Great company with a  great concern for both customers and employees. Great potential for advancement for dedicated employees. ", " Payment are to small, co-workers pushing you around. Long hours an seasonal work only. ", " Working at Amazon is quite simple, yet repetitive. If you are looking for an easy job that doesn't challenge you mentally, this is the job for you. Breaks are short, especially when Peak season comes around. Management wants 110% out of you with little to no mistakes. Making mistakes causes write-ups and can lead to termination. The co-workers make the job less stressful sometimes, but not always. Most are either straight out of high school or older with no college education. Incentives are given out for productivity, but most are just verbal congratulations. ", " I support nearly every move that was made at the Amazon sites where I worked for 4 years.  Daily I would motivate teams, hit production goals, and find ways to eliminate waste through process improvements.  The one downside is that there is a high dose of micromanagement by the building leaders, and having backbone is preached but not well responded to by members of authority.  My peers were great, and Amazon typically hires great managers.   The hardest part about the job is managing stress and being told to complete conflicting goals. \"Make the work better\" but you can't change that process.  \"Try something\"  but don't do that that won't work.  \"Your team is not performing like the other shifts\" but they have only been hired for 2 days.  All in all it is a great place to work for a few years.  Go in to it knowing what it is.  There is little chance for a life 3 months of the year, you will work long hours every day, and you will be on your feed all day for 12 hours 4 days a week. ", " i stocked boxes neatly on trucks. worked non stop for 10 hours a day with overtime. good people there ", " I learned to be patient with the customers and help them with their situation.The co-workers are very fun to talk to. ", " Clock in five minutes early. Sign into my computer, read emails and alerts until fifteen after. Then take calls assisting and educating customers about Amazon policy. Also taking Mayday calls for kindle support. Management and co-workers worked as a team to make sure that each customer received consistent service. The hardest part of the job was to remember key words for searching for answers in the reference guides. That skill was achieved with time. The most enjoyable part of the job was the spirit days where we would dress up like something silly and eating yummy food, for example Seahawks gear day and grilled cheese and soup day. ", " Fast paced atmosphere - customer driven environment.  Dedicated to improvement and customer issues. ", " A typical day starts with getting to the facility at 5:30 pm. You would attend \"stand up\" to learn about whats going on for that day and any announcements the company has. Then you would get straight to work. If you were stowing you would grab U-boats full of work to stock the shelves with. If you were receiving you would be opening boxes and receiving the items into the facility so that it can get stored on the shelf. If you were problem solving then you would be on a computer until someone came up to you with a problem and then you would try to fix it as soon as you could. You do this for 10.5 hours a day. You get two 15 minute breaks and a 30 minute unpaid lunch. After lunch you attend another stand up and then go straight to work. Then you leave the end of shift at 4:00 am. ", " Great company and face paced environment, great place to have a career. An typical day is being on your feet for 12 hours a day handling customers orders either picking the items from the bins and sending them on the belt up to be package. You learn what the company has to offer and the different products that is being sold. Most enjoyable would be receiving the paycheck at the end of the week. Seeing that all the hard work that your doing is paying off. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " not a bad job and typical of the industry. nice managers and the coworkers are like family. i only left for personal reasons. very fast paced environment. you receive a 3 day weekend most weeks. the benefits are great. ", " outstanding Company to work for I think. Co-workers were cool to work with I learned some much about the company. Work wasn't as hard and Management was petty good. I enjoyed coming to work each day. ", " I drive an order picker.  I was hired prior to Prime Day.  I was actually trained Friday before and on my own Saturday.  Mandatory Overtime for Prime day.  Since by their workweek I was in my second week and required to work overtime and meet a curve of productivity.  I still don't understand the very small curve given.  My trainer told me if I was working a sweat I was moving too fast.  I got written up for productivity that week.  I didn't even really know I was up for productivity goals that week.  I was also written up for something they call fast track.  You have 13 minutes from clock in time until you go to a meeting stretch out fill out safety papers on picker get cage and have your first pick.  Plus any time off task is counted for and you get written up.  Productivity is a huge issue.  You see your manager about once a week to write you up.  For me, its the first day I go in.  Meaning I struggle with days off wondering what I did wrong.  I have been written up 4 times for 3 things while working there.  I am on my last written even though my numbers have come from the 50%-like 96&amp;  I have to be perfect or over perfect for next 90 days or one day I will go in and be fired.  They call mandatory overtime as late as lunchtime the day before.  They even watch you pick path.  People who have opportunity to meet goals are in a special section that allows fast picks.  Otherwise its unlikely with big bulky items your going to pick 42 per hour while switching isles opposite ends of buildings  Its very hard and probably is the hardest most lonely job I have ever had.  You also ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> are advised to come back from breaks and lunches early to set yourself up (off the clock for lunch) for fast track. ", " I LOVE WORKING WITH PEOPLE. I AM EASY TO GET ALONG WITH. I HAVE EXPERIENCE CPT CODING, ICD 9 CODING AND ICD 10. I CAN TONG YPE 42 WORDS A MINTUE. ", " Hard working People inside but there are no Incentives to boost up the employees working pace. I learned a lot as far as being on indirect functions and Problem solving. Although it took a long time for me to get that chance and proof to my manager that  I was worthy of being a consistent team player. Once you're on the Managers gracious side the keep you as a favorite and it makes you look like a brown nosing person. There is a lot of favoritisms going on in that building and there is no way u can move up in position. co-workers are always complaining that there managers don't let them do other duties it's always the same routine going into that building and eventually it gets tedious. I would have to say that the most fun part about that job was going to lunch and spending quality time with you're co-workers. ", " Amazon crushed the zappos culture.  The warehouse quickly went from one of the top places to work at in the area to one of the worst. Management teams have poor communication between departments as well as relaying information to employees. Job tops out at 12 dollars an hour. ", " Our days at Amazon start with stretching and hyping the crew up. Safety first! I've learned many new skills and acquired many certifications through Amazon. Unfortunately, the management at Amazon Fulfillment Center does not value their employees. I cannot speak for all Amazon Fulfillment Center locations but the standards to which certain locations uphold themselves to have definitely dropped. Many of the veterans at Amazon that have not gone for higher positions are very knowledgeable and great people to work with. The hardest part of the job is dealing with management. Sadly, if you have a degree in Culinary Arts or any other unrelated job degree, than you qualify for a management position at Amazon. About a 2 years ago Amazon was a great place to work at because the crew was great, including Management, and everyone had fun while working and being safe.  ", " The work is easy. The long hours with short short short breaks. it provides decent pay. strict strict time schedule. honestly not a bad company to work for there are worse places to work for. ", " Well a typical day at amazon would be to stretch with your group when u clock in. We have 2 15 minute breaks and one 30 minute lunch. There was nothing really hard about packaging. I mean yea we had to move a very fast pace but it was worth it.The most enjoyable part of the job is the variety of people. ", " The day at amazon begin making some exercise for around five minutes. you got tree brakes during the day. The hardest part of the job is that you have to work very, very fast or you will lost your job.       The most enjoyable part part of the job is knowing that you are packing items for clients. ", " i worked hard everyday often times i did major projects on my own with a billion supervisors hoovering over me the only plus was a 1st shift M-F job schedule until that was eliminated ", " It isnt a walk in the park. The first week will be your make it or break it point. my co-workers were amazing. We kept each other uplifted. the hardest part is the strain on your body. The most enjoyable part is making it a competition. ", " This is a fast paced high production workplace.  I learned how to manage and organized the work flow to consistently exceed production rates.  The management praise good performance.  I stayed in excellent shape while working there. ", " Very good pay and a set schedule was nice. Management was always changing things without knowing the best way to actually change it and then blamed the employees for being slower then before when we had no help. Management was very frustrating to deal with. ", " prepping orders to be shipped in to Amazon warehouses. I have learned a lot about how to start and Amazon business of my own. I dont see others much as I work at night and am the only one that does. Lifting heavy boxes and I enjoy having my own schedule. ", " Easy job but too many technicians for the amount of work provided. They did not promote team environment. There was a buddy system in place and that is how they promoted. There were a lot of techs that where more experienced but did not get promoted. ", " The management  treated people fairly and  listened to the workers. I liked the fast pace and working in a different area every day.  I learned to speak up and to listen to co-workers and to work together to solve a problem. ", " Great place to work with lots of process areas to explore and expand your knowledge of the business and grow. Management easy to reach out to and lots of amazing coworkers. ", " it was a seasonal job . it was tiresome scanning all those packages and putting them on the crates , sort of felt like i was doing a puzzle but it wasn't so bad ", " Everyday was a good day working here. I learned how to take peoples calls and write receipts. I was also taught how to use Microsoft word, Microsoft excel, exc. This job wasn't hard for me I was trained very well and enjoyed everyday of work. My co-workers were always good and we got along great. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The money is great, but beware that they will make a lot of promises and then change what they said very quickly. ", " I scan over 100 bins per day and other 600 items, the hardest part of the job is that i need to walk 11 hours per day and i have a 30 min lunch break and another 2 short breaks ", " hardworking and fun you get what you put in. and they are very helpful. ", " Treats you like an owner of the company.  Encourages you to find opportunities to make a process better.  Very quick opportunity for advancement, but you will have to earn it. ", " nice place to work. great coworkers, nice pay, good management. ", " managment demanded unrealistic expectations, displayed rampent favoritism, and a childish and disrespectful attitude towords reliable hard-working employees ", " Typical day a Amazon is very fast pace work enviroment with a lot cool and fun co-workers that are very helpful and fun to be around. Management is very helpful and fun to be around always making a stressful situation into a fun and better situation. most enjoyable part of work is just knowing that u are getting the customers order correct and to he address. ", " Attention to detail is a must to make sure customers get there packages as promised. High energetic company with lots of growth opportunity offered. Management is very knowledgeable and helpful with any questions or concerns co-workers may have. Safety is #1 with our position in the sort center. Great exercise while working. ", " 24/7 Operation with a large amount of employees coming from temporary staffing agencies which makes day to day operations challenging due to training needs and ensuring overall operational safety ", " A typical day at work would be finding new things to be picked. What i learned is that alot of items need to be shipped daily. My co-workers work hard as i do. The harderpart of my job is switching floors. ", " Good place to work but only temporary on the run up to Christmas. ", " A typical day of work is complete chaos, little strategy or purpose, and doing the equivalent of at least 2 FTEs of work. This is just standard, how they do things. Management is very hit or miss and largely depends on your role and team. You'll work with some of the smartest people in the world, for however briefly you are there. The hardest part of the job is losing all personal time, spending both days and nights working. You'll learn a lot and hopefully be more marketable once you are so burned out you can't take it anymore, which usually takes less than 2 years. ", " AMAZON.com does not care about its employee's they are more worried about making 54.3 million dollars a day. They are not organized they don't tell you the truth about working there. They cycle through people every 5 months. THEY OVER WORK AND UNDER PAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  They are a very greedy company to work for. The employyes are timed while they go to the bathroom they time every minute of the work day. They are not a gay friendly company to work for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I would not recomend AMAZON to anyone ever. A frind worked there with me for 5 months theywere fired for doing the job of 3 people but becasue they were not told by a manager to do the extra work. theywere  fired for going above and beyond......... The managers do nothing but walk arond all day with a laptop and if they are asked a question they do not know the answers to anything they say ill get back to you but blow you off and avoid you.... ", " I have been working for amazon for 4+ years now and I love it. Amazon has the opportunities to advance and take it as far as you want to go. The benefits are amazing and the work environments are ideal. I manage anywhere from 10-150 associates through my career with amazon. Leading and helping them advance as well. ", " This is a very good company which like to take care of there customers and also there employees and provides a lot of work with overtime. ", " I am not lazy so this was just a job to earn some money to survive. I need a job to stimulate my brain and i had more to offer than this. the hours were too long and to be honest i never had much time with my wife because the days i was off she was working. I enjoy working as a team . ", " This company cares about their customers as well as their employees. Amazon is fair and they pay good along with great benefits. They are family friendly and gets a lot of business. Overall I am pleased with Amazon and how they operate. I learned how to put customers first and to make sure they are happy. Making customers happy includes quality over quantity any time there. The management cares about your concerns and address all issues needing to be announced. The hardest part of the job was making it through the first two weeks of pain in feet from walking on hard concrete. The most enjoyable time there would be peak season with music playing and competitions to win gifts. ", " A typical day at work would be fast paced right off the back The company itself is a very enjoyable and comforting company to work for. The management could be better and the training process was very poor and there are a few things that could be worked on ", " You always get what you want from them, they are awesome. Working with them as an app developer was an awesome experience. I still do make some apps from time to time for them. ", " I enjoyed my time there.  We had long hours, but it was a fun and engaging environment.  I was able to have experiences in three different processes both in intake and outgoing capacities.  The attendance policy is easy to understand and quite fair, and the work environment is a climate controlled warehouse. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This company tries to keep work fun and is more of a relaxed place to work and I recommend it.The pay is a bit lower than other call centers. ", " As an intern, a typical day for me is sitting in on a weekly meeting discussing the campaign projects in-placed or will be beginning soon. I usually work on major donor organizing via excel as well as other administrative assistant projects. I am surrounded by wonderful activist who teach me more and more about the struggles of the Amazonian basin and the indigenous peoples who live there. The future of my internship is now taking a turn in which I will be apart of a country and their specific campaign. ", " Amazon is great place to work for, if your use to fast pace environments. you will have 4 10 hour days and 3 days off. due to the fast pace please know you will be loosing some lbs. The hr department  is growing to fit the needs of the employees but over all its hard to get a response from them unless you are right in front of them. ", " A daily routine was to be quickly learned when working with Amazon. I learned how to have a great work ethic and how people work so hard for the extra dollar. Co-workers were great, many people were not from around Phoenix, so you got a really good culture mix at work which always kept things interesting. The hardest part of the job was getting into the routine. Most enjoyable was the wages I earned and the people I got to work with. ", " Amazon is a great place for someone who does not have experience to learn all there is about warehouse work. I learned a lot at Amazon, how to train new hires, drive PIT, how to solve problems and how to manage a department. Everyday was fast paced and you had to stay on your toes to get the job done.  The most enjoyable part of the job was the success I had at the end of the day making our numbers and that there was no accidents. ", " for the most part is a friendly place to work. I like to move around a lot so this job is perfect for that. the one thing that I find a little unfair is that when you're a temp they start you off at so much an hour, then they do direct hires through amazon. so those direct hires make more and become full Amazon before people who have been there for months. ", " Having a productive day working between 8-10 hours a day. I learned how to handle different type of materials in warehouse. My management team are fun to be around and are also great leaders. The hardest part of my job is fighting the urge of sleepiness. The most enjoyable part of my job is interacting with my co-workers. ", " So far I do enjoy working here. There are a variety of people and I've learned a lot. Working with these packages of things people have orders gives me a sense of accomplishment when I fix an issue with the package. It's a neat company with fun people. ", " There were times in which I got lost in the warehouse. No one really comes and checks on you, (granted they shouldn't have to) however, in a warehouse it gets hot.   They never explained the scanners in depth. ", " Great place to grow management skills and many opportunities to continue to grow with the company. ", " a usual day every day go in for a start up meeting then we would get sent out to start picking our orders on our guns the management was good always there to help you when ever you needed it all the workers I worked with were a good laugh and good to get on with the hardest part off the job was trying to get the cpts out on time and the most enjoyable part would have to be the people I worked with ", " Amazon is a great company to work for if you are looking for a challenge. You will work on broad scope, disruptive projects that will develop you at any level in your career. The pace is fast, the work is interesting and the people are fun. ", " Was about getting your numbers and keeping them up. I learn that you have to be fast with finishing a cart when you get it. The management was great. The coworkers was sometime fun but not all the time. There was really no hard part of that job it was fairly easy to me. I enjoyed the work. ", " I would walk in to work every day with a positive attitude of a higher then expected rate and productivity management would always come by to let me know how well or bad I was doing an make sure everything was going well as far as daily tasks and rates many stowers are also required to display bin educate which is organization of bins used by the stower ", " I\u2019m currently working in Amazon located at Hemel Hempstead; from Sunday to Wednesday for 26 months has PACKER. My jobs includes packing, picking and problem solve on kick-out areas. Experience grabbed as the years and days go by includes safety, team work and targets. In Amazon, every staff is constantly trained as the change or new techniques is involved and also make them happy. The most interesting part of the job is to be at the highest point of the target given at the end of the day with success. ", " A typical day for me was greeting my coworkers and managers. Learning a new thing every week. I learned the process of how the trucks came through inbound. The process of receiving and decanting items off of pallets. I also learned how to stow items to library bins. My coworkers were really friendly and very welcoming. Hardest part was at the end of the day when my feet had enough of walking back and forth across the warehouse. The most enjoyable part of the job is the energy everyone had and how easy it was to get through the day. ", " I really do enjoy working at Amazon.  It's not like any other warehouse I have worked in the past.  Yes numbers are important but they more interested in helping you to meet your goal rather than disposing of you if you cannot.  They care about their employees and that is a huge motivator. ", " It was a good job. It was a hard job but it was worth it. They always made sure their employees are safe and cared for. It was hard getting use to but after a few days, the hours flew by. ", " I like the culture there but I feel there is no room for advancement from the position i am currently in. ", " A typical day at Amazon requires one to be on their feet all day. I learned a lot from working here and also through the people I've met. There are many types of people here, you may meet your best friend here, or a significant other. The hardest part of the job is the physical demands. If you can get past that aspect of doing manual labor for 10 hours a day, then you will fit in fine. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I gained a lot of computer skills while working in this job and gained experience In talking to people. The team I worked with was a great help especially finishing takes on time. ", " Supervising employees to maintain a smooth shift Solving technical problems when they would come up Working in a fast pace environment Keeping a positive attitude to keep staff working hard ", " going to work you never know where you will be or what you will be doing . it sometimes is a guessing game and it is very enjoyable at tim es and sometimes you have fun with all the people that work here laugh joke and have fun. but miost of the time it is very serious place making sure the customers get there product that they order ", " You may get a good vibe from your team. You may work hard. You may be the most technical person in your hiring group.  However, if you don't appease the remote 'bar raiser' all of this is null and void.  There is a 'Leadership principals' rubric, be sure you tailor your answer around the leadership principal you select as most applicable to yourself, and not try to wow them with a successful project that demonstrates your ability to get things done. ", " Management could use so retraining in how to treat there employees Always on the go working there could use at least one more 15 min break or make the 30min lunch break 1 hour ", " I hate constantly being told that your not good enough. Amazon will tell you that If your scanner tells you to go from one end of the warehouse to the other side and then back and forth all day long, that your numbers fall low that your not doing good enough and it's somehow your fault and that you should do your job. It's never good enough. Some of the management is great and very plesent and awesome to work with, but integrity isn't that great as they constantly are on your back and telling you that your numbers suck and you need to work harder. After explaining that you had to be sent all over the warehouse they say; \"well I don't know what to tell you, work harder\". ", " pay is very good for a warehouse job. long hours per day especially during peak ", " it was hard work and long hours, but the mangement is awesome! ", " this is a good place to work but dont get to comfortable Amazon for the most part only hire sesonal employees during the holidays and let people go afterwards. ", " laid back, how to get production out, easy to get along with,nothing was hard about work ", " Unload hand stacked freight from 53 ft truck separate by lines, then sort by shipping location, scan in and stack pallets. wrap and close out pallets. forklift and reach lift certified to move full pallets onto outbound trucks. ", " very nice and well training provided  pay is very good left due to relocated to different state ", " I like my job doing a variety of things on a daily basis, but no job security. I was hired as seasonal and need more security for my future. I have many talents, but I am not given the opportunity to use my skills ", " nice faciity and personel working hours was better when there was 8h a day ", " My short experience at the Amazon fulfillment Center was great. The incentives and work environment were nothing short of amazing. The managers were great, the break rooms and bathrooms were clean and inviting, and the warehouse it self was very clean. ", " Great workplace, innovation and development is at the forefront ", " I walk around and pick items that customers buy online.I learned how to multitask better because you have to make rate which is to pick 100 items an hour. Management is really nice and informative. My co-workers are nice. Most enjoyable part is looking how i make rate each week and they congratulate me. ", " At work I process orders for my customers. I learned how to interact with my co-workers having fun but also working very hard. The most enjoyable part of my job is realizing that I made my customers happy. ", " Its a fast pace work environment that is always filled with different challenges. The coworkers are good, friendly and help give life to the workplace. Management is for the most part attentive. ", " A typical day would be fast paced moving throughout the day. Some days may be slow but it is a never ending process. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I learned how to pick pack and ship items to other companies,you work long hours and are normally tired by the time you finish they have a strict 3 point disaplinary system which makes you very nervous about being late or have time off for illness ", " My current position as problem solver has provided me with the opportunity to work in a high pressure,team environment, where it is essential to be able to work closely with my colleagues in order to meet deadlines.I work good under the stress. ", " The management group was horrible treated the employees like they were disposable. This was not a family environment at all. Would call mandatory overtime and would give you the notice at 4 am in the morning thirty minutes before you are going to get off of work. ", " APLE low wages dodgy compulsory accountant 70 per day 55 after tax for 10hours. If you take the van home APLE charges you for petrol. On top of that if you break the speed limit you get fined half a day wages.  Superb company to work for if you like being a slave. 180+ packages  140+ drops per day If your lucky enough to finish early be prepared to help out other slower drivers. Even though at the interview process they promise you 10 hours pay and you can go early when you finish your route. ", " Once the day is started we get our duties for the day, management informs us if any changes are made. You have to be open for change because your job duties change very often. Its a fast moving environment. Which makes your day go by fast. ", " Learned a lot in both Inbound and Outbound departments. Had supports and positive feedbacks from upper management team. Got trained and did excellent performance in the company. ", " One set of rules for some people, another for others. Unrealistic expectations of how fast work should get done, you can only achieve the targets if you run and running is strictly forbidden due to health and safety. ", " On a daily basis you can take up to 50 contacts per day, this can be from phone call to reviewing emails that come in, I look at every contact and will work out what is required, this can be replacing the order or refunding, or to chase up with different carriers on were the order is.  I have learned to deal using different styles of communication with customes, as some customer just want the answer and then finish the contact an others want to hear in more details what the issues are and how to resolve them, with each contact you have to use patience and get a full understanding and putting yourself in the customers shoes, you need to bring in the personal touch with customers to make them feel that they are not speaking to a robot and that you are there for them, it does not matter what the product is or the cost.  Each managers have different styles of customer service, at the end of the day its the best for the customer what counts and to ensure that a resolution is completed.  The hardest part of the job is that you want to do more for the customer which at times this can not be done.  It is great to hear postive feedback from customer as I know that I have resolved there problem as is happy with the outcome ", " I was a single mother at the time, with a six month old baby. Her child care facility called me at work and informed me that my six month old was running a fever of 104 degrees Fahrenheit. I immediately took her to the Dr., to find out she had RSV. On my return to work I was called in to HR and was told they would not stand for me taking off and threatened my employment with them. Mind you I went straight to the Dr. and had a Dr.'s note. Just do not think that they should have threatened my job. That is all. Thank you for reading this. ", " Amazon was a good company and did treat the employees good. Fun place to work at most of the time. I learn more computer skills and how to give customer more information. Most of the time you did not get time to meet with co workers because Amazon is a fast paste work place. Hardest part of the job is keeping your numbers down because you are work so hard to make sure the customer is happy when they get off the phone. Amazon have all different kinds of stuff they do for the employees. they have picnics, games and luncheons. ", " A very good place to work, from the people to the mangement, bonus incentives, good hours, overtime, paid time off, the only drawback is you have to get in through a Staffing Agency, very hard to do, but would do it all over again just to try and get hired full time. ", " Amazon is a very fun and comfortable company to work for. Taking calls and working with many customer is very satisfactory, I learned a lot of details when it comes to assisting customers in many situations. The co-workers were very helpful in all situations, and very easy to get along with. There truly was not much of a hard part in the job. They provided a lot of detailed training and assistance. I enjoyed all aspects of my work here. ", " From free nerf guns to going home at 5pm, as a contractor I had the best of both worlds at Amazon. Some full time employees had to work nightmare shifts until midnight when *@&amp; hit the fan, but I was able to work hard 9-5 and ensure that I was a successful member of the team. ", " Definitely regret losing my job there, and I look forward to going back one day! Awesome people and just overall not a bad place to work, especially if ya wanna get in shape! :) ", " Everyday at work I would count stock at a reasonbly quick pace ready for shipment, I learned to count stock accuratly and quicker than I thought possible, the managment were kind and willing to help if I had any problems, as did my co-workers.  The hardest part of my job had to be making my way to work on time due to having to rely on the only two buses that would get me there on time.  I enjoyed what I did there as a whole ", " it's very demanding and long but you learn different techniques to do yo9ur job and have the opportunity to rise above and get promotions from within in no time at all. ", " My review of the company I spent 4yrs there opened all there phoenix locations.So my review of the company is that at the end of the day they treat you like a number and don't care about you just the company. ", " Amazon is a very fun work place. The most enjoyable part of the job was working alongside my colleagues and learning from them. ", " Good work environment to be in. Management very helpful and wanting you to learn how to do multiple jobs within the facilities. Always willing to help. Clean work environment ", " Enjoyable workplace large warehouse very busy environment.Pay should have been higher for work performed.Major drawback was the numerous delays with the robotic delivery of customer merchandise. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " the only thing i learnt with working here was that the management didn't take the time to ask lower down employees on what good ideas we would have to improve certain processes. my co workers was the only thing that i really enjoyed about my job there. i cant really say there was and enjoyable part of the job other than my co-workers. ", " I enjoy working for Amazon is fun place to work and the associate are  nice and easy going. They respect their employees and treat every body equal. there is room for suggestion and new idea from associates, the managers and supervisor are working together to make sure every associate are trained and given responsibility, room for improvement. Health care is provided to associates ", " People has clear objectives, critical minds, professional spirits all over. They really live by their leadership principle, and I believe that's why the company keeps on growing and progressing. ", " the work place as a whole I believe it is really good, you go to work and you know what to expect, there are times where you have to work really quickly to so the the priority orders are out. ", " Typical day is 6:30 AM - 5:00 PM    4 days a week  Worked in Receiving Area, unloading trucks, checking orders, and storing merchendise.  Management was different daily.  Co-workers were mainly retirees hired for Christmas rush. (Oct - Dec)  Hardest part was the 10 hour days.  Won a $500.00 gift card at Christmas Party. ", " A typical day at work start off with me dong my stretches and then going to my supervisor to see where they put me for that day. Its constant work so its a lot of working in a fast pace environment. I learned that I'm capable of multitasking and being able to keep up. Hardest part of my job was when there was absolutely nothing for me to do besides wait for more orders to be shipped out. The most enjoyable part of the job was being paid. ", " Extremely poor trainers.  Very rude management (to an extreme).  Company is unorganized and could not care less about employees.  I truly never knew that life could become such a sheer nightmare before I experienced working at this company ", " There's evidence that people who have fun at work are happier, healthier, motivated, and more productive than their stressed-out counterparts. ", " I learnt how to work in a very rushed and stressful environment where communication was the main key to a successful day ", " The job was easy. Management was good until they began letting employees watch their workers work and time their speed during high season. (Christmas). Overall the job was a good place to work. ", " A typical day day at Amazon consist of walking for long periods of time while pushing carts and picking items off of shelves or standing in one area packing inventory into boxes for shipping. Management is extremely hands on and helpful. The hardest part of the job is staying consistante throughout the day but the most enjoyable part is being able to meet a wide variety of people. ", " A typical day would consist of sorting and processing retail using a scanner. Working third shift 10 hours a night, 3 days a week. I learned to work both alongside my peers, and as a separate entity within the work site at my station. Our workload was on a rigorous side; we moved boxes, cut open boxes, and counted items inside. I experienced first hand the retail transitions of goods between consumers companies and buyers such as amazon. ", " typical day was an 10 hour shift packing goods to go out to customers. i learned health and safety and ways to pack goods.  made friends easy. was got good fast working day ", " Amazon has the most unrealistic measurable \"rates\" (read: quotas) I have ever seen. If you have a certain number of items to be packed, sorted or pulled they want no excuses. example - - if you are required to process/sort , say, 500 items per hour but spend over half that time waiting for items to be brought to you they don't care, you are still expected to process 500 items in an hour. This is most often physically impossible. Likewise if you are packing orders they expect 60 (later 80) items packed per hour (including enclosures and outside labels) but do not allow for changing tape dispenser, problems with the air pillow machine, conveyor stoppage or lack of cartons needed to pack the items they don't want to hear about it.. Also for packing your work station changes from day to day, with different locations for tape dispenser, air pillow machine and cartons at each location. This makes improving on your rate nearly impossible. ", " Very simple.Clock in.Go to stand up meeting.Walk at the speed of light for 10 hours.If your a picker that is.Wondering all day what your going to get wrote up on next or walked out the door.Listen to leadership tell you how to do the job they cant even do.But very few can.Maybe 3 I know of can out of 100.Co workers are awesome people.At least we are all on the same page.Hardest part of the day is clocking in.Best part is clocking out.Over all the place needs alot of common sense.Maybe there is hope someday. ", " Amazon is a fast growing company.  You are surrounded by smart people everyday, there's definitely a lot to learn.  But it's hard to find work life balance. ", " typical day was 10 hour shifts at night cold and tiring learned patience and speed when working to reach targets management were relaxed but expected results co workers were friendly and easy to work with staying up all night was the hardest part of the job arrival and departure were the most enjoyable parts of the job ", " I learned that the work though a bit boring at times was mostly fun. My immediate managers were always helping. The person in charge of medical fired me when the person learned that I had a no work order from my doctor. Apparently if I couldn't work and I was a temp I had to be let go. ", " I have learned a lot working at Amazon such as what products are important what goes to what location. Also Management is very organized there , they care about there workers. The hardest part of the job is maintain  your rate, once your rate is at a low level, its a write up and considered possible termination. ", " The Amazon fulfillment Center is a warehouse in a place where everyone helps each other,challenges each other as well making you challenge yourself. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon offers employees a comprehensive benefits package including healthcare starting on day one of employment matching, performance-based bonuses and its Career. ", " I enjoyed working there its just unfortunate I had to leave because I was not able to work gravyards ", " Over worked, stressed out, middle management. great work for an 18 year old. Work not worth the pay, even with really good benefits. ", " The company was overall a great place to work for.  It was a very fast paced company that worked off production rates.  Excellent benefits.  Management was easy to get along with.  The work was very strenuous. Got me in great shape. ", " A typical day at Amazon Fulfillment requires one to arrive to work focused, aware, and ready to satisfy customer. I have learned to work effectively with people from all different walks of life, and how to multitask at all times. The job has very little difficulty if one comes to work ready to fulfill customer needs. However, the holiday season tends to become very busy, and requires focus in order to effectively execute. The most enjoyable part of working at Amazon Fulfillment is the interaction with co-workers. Everyone is usually on the same page when it comes to getting work done. ", " In the beginning I enjoyed working for Amazon. Until, I quickly realized I would have to dedicate a substantial amount of my time and freedoms to the company and their needs with little say so in matters. The most enjoyable part about working for Amazon was meeting and working with other hard working individuals. Having the ability to uplift co-workers by positively reinforcing them. ", " I was a picker which involved an intense amount of walking all around the warehouse to collect different items to be sent down to the packers. The hardest part of the job was the physically demanding aspect of the job. ", " Working at an Amazon Fulfillment Center is a great experience. Outside of the long hours and late nights, the pay is incredible, the work is never too difficult, and each employee is treated with respect and integrity. The managers are among some of the best that I have had the pleasure to work under. The hardest part of the job was standing for 10+ hours a shift, but it was enjoyable browsing the various aisles of merchandise while picking out product for shipment. Co-workers were respectable and everyone acted with dignity. ", " I would arrive at work, clock in, and head to my area for an every morning meeting. The meeting involved stretches and numbers for the day. After that, I would go over to the inbound board to check which stowing department I was stationed to be in. If in regular stowing, I would go grab a scanner, a cart full of items, and head to any of the four shelving sections of the warehouse. I would them scan in to log in to my scanner, scan the code on the cart, an item's code, and then the code for the shelf it is to be stored on. ", " I enjoyed my 13 months at Amazon and was able to learn new facets of the warehouse distribution workforce. ", " I currently work as a Safety Coordinator. My typical day consist of reviewing policy's, investigating incidents to determine a root cause, coaching associates on at risk behaviors. I help management with any safety concerns they may have with a process. I get to work with some great people. I coordinate service and issues with our fleet vehicles as well as maintain DOT compliance for 3 buildings. ", " Amazon.com has great benefits. The pay is good but not great. ", " Not a bad place to work however don't expect to be there long. ", " Training is very poor, and the managers are quick to write you up for doing the slightest thing wrong. They do NOT know how to talk to nor manage associates, managers talk very disrespectfully and expect you to coincide with their instructions. HR is a joke, instead of them being for the associates they seem to like to deflect and keep the management in good graces. They don't practice what they preach, and they expect associates to go above and beyond for them but won't return the favor. ", " Walking 10 miles today to pick products off shelves to send to the packers to get the orders shipped out as fast as possible. I also packed which is what I was doing when I first started. This was a great job and the people I worked with were very friendly and fun to talk to. ", " Amazon.com is a great company to work for in the call center aspect. But don't get your hopes up, to stay there as a secured employee. ", " Everyday at work I would count stock at a reasonbly quick pace ready for shipment, I learned to count stock accuratly and quicker than I thought possible, the managment were kind and willing to help if I had any problems, as did my co-workers.  The hardest part of my job had to be making my way to work on time due to having to rely on the only two buses that would get me there on time.  I enjoyed what I did there as a whole ", " Focused on productivity and accuracy.  Developing performance systems and data entry ", " While working from home would seem like  a dream, I felt the isolation of the situation was to much. Amazon did very little in the way of trying to create a culture to give the employee stability.Most mornings there were no managers available. It was difficult to get anyone on the line if you were having computer issues.If you had to wait for IT , you were to clock out and that time was logged against you, even though you were to stay at you computer on hold with Amazon till a technical rep was available. I enjoyed the job , but the isolation and policies such as the one I mentioned took away from the position. ", " A really good company to get going.  There are lots of opportunities to move forward. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " is a nice place to work for a while. Good pay, nice coworkers, it gives a balance during week so you can spend time whit family, good benefits. ", " fast paced working environment and fun to work there. Very engaging and physically demanding but quite good a place to work especially when looking for season jobs ", " got let go when the company got taken over by another. no reliably managers, or co-workers. non flexable hours, long hours alone unable to take requred breakes ", " I enjoyed my time with amazon.com. Providing world class customer service. Amazon is a customer oriented company with a great focus on taking care of the employees as well. With amazon I learned how to identify customer pain points and help eliminate them using the six sigma process. I always enjoyed learning from and teaching my fellow co-workers. While being apart of the escalation team, customers were pretty upset by the time they were transferred to me, while most people would get flustered I saw that as an opportunity to make the best out of a bad situation and brightens someones day. Rapport and courtesy go along way. ", " good place to work with good benifits only problem is the lack of any kind of background noise that makes for very long shifts of silence ", " There are times that work is productive and unproductive at the same time. The hardest part of the job is making your numbers. ", " The job consisted of alot of getting use to standing for 12 hours a night 5 days a week. The lunch room was nice because it had alot of vending machines and the people were nice ", " It is a job where you can make fast money, but that is it....The turn over rate for this place is horrible..The company on cares about there product not the employees.... ", " was a busy time but I like to stay busy, the management was really great training and helping. I hope I'll get to go to work there full time after being seasonal. ", " The work was not as bad as one might think, but when you have managers that all worked some where else together you couldn't go to one about issues with another simply because they would not talk to the one you're having the issue with. Instead they would talk to each other about who it was that said it and then you would get treated differently. ", " a typical day working at amazon is great friendly and fun there are very good people to work with, great environment to work in. ", " Good things and bad. somethings overall were good others could have been better. The benefits were good. The hours were too long. I like shorter days. ", " Fun and exciting company with exponential growth opportunity. I would recommend this company to anyone who does not mind hard work and long hours ", " Compensation here is good. Typical days can range from all hands on deck, to dead as a door nail. Everyone is great fun, no one allows you to wear a frown!   Time keeping is strict, but the rewards are amazing! ", " There is many different jobs you can do. I am a picker. A picker is someone who walks up to 12 miles a day picking the items that customers buy. ", " Working at Amazon when I arrive I meet with my supervisors and leaders to get a job agenda for the day, after doing so I began my job duties for the night and began to work in a team setting until the quota for the night is meet ", " go to whereever you were asked to go and put stuff away management was good co-workers is hard to say i statyed to myself worked alone hardest part of job the disorganization teh besty part of job it was interesting ", " Keeps the wolf from the door. Grueling manual labor. mind numbingly boring, but not difficult work. Excellent benefits package and usually as much over time as you want. ", " I worked as a picker at the Amazon Warehouse. Took orders from supervisors and attempt to find products in the Warehouse. Ensured that all the picked product conforms to the order sheet provided. ", " fun place to work i love my co-workers easy work everyone is really friendly great management "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " fast pasted stay focused ever changing great people to work with always changing oher associates ", " WAS OK PLACE TO WORK BUT TO FAR AWAY NOT EVERY GOOD AT TRAINING WORKERS THOU ", " working at amazon was the best experience the work was easy and the pase was face. The work at amazon doesn't really give you time to get sleepy or slack off on your work.my co workers where all decent but what matter most was getting the work load completed.the hardest part of the job is the work conditions such as weather. ", " i worked for amazon for about a month i didnt enjoy it because the work security wasnt there and they expected compulsary over time wich i dont thing is very fair when your working 10 hour shifts then having to do another so many on top. i felt over worked and when i was ill there was no sick pay, i couldnt work on packing big items because at the time i had a bad foot (sprained) and i was told to either do it or i would have to a strike. ", " Its a great place to work at. I would recommend it to anyone I know. ", " There is always something to do at Amazon, which makes the day go by fast. Whether you're taking out boxes in a truck, to packing them in a box, or even driving a fork lift everyone gets a chance to do many different things at Amazon. The management team and co-workers are always there to help, listen, and give ideas. There are many opportunities to move up in Amazon. The hardest part about the job is when it slows down, because your body is so used to fast pace that when its slow you're there wanting more work to keep your body moving. ", " peak season makes for 12hr day not many breaks. Gets really crowded with all other temp workers. on feet atleast 9 hrs aday for normal days. You can't climb the managment ladder at al all.there is no retirement. do you love your family? Then this is not your job. ", " pick item scan, make box, seal with invoice and item in, send down line and start again hardest part was hitting targets and standing in the same spot for 9 hours ", " Typical day at work includes unloading incoming packages,sort the packages according to their destination. Load packages on pallets and deliver pallet to is designated trailer,UPS or FedEx truck. ", " Arrive to get the shift started and to make sure the workload will be ready to go when the shift starts. I have learned to help my fellow co-workers succeed and move forward. Sometimes our deadlines are hard work but at the end of the day we all finish with a sense of accomplishment.Work hard, have fun and make history!!! ", " Currently work at amazon....worst experience ever, they promised opportunities for advancement but it's a lie, all the associates are miserable,  written up if you forget your phone in your pocket, no one can hit rate because there's no room yo stow items, managers show too much favoritism (protect there friends from write ups). I needed to transfer facilities because of childcare issues and been denied twice for no reason.... close to being fired for missing work or coming late due to childcare yet they refuse to let me transfer to another shift/facility. I left my last job for \"better opportunities\", biggest mistake in my life, they'll sugarcoat everything and it'll sound awesome but STAY AWAY!!! Hopefully I can get transfer before I run out of hours and get fired!!! ", " I would just make sure the item and the of numbers product was right. ", " Good company overall but it has its quirks, especially when it comes to following and enforcing its own policies. Promotions moving from hourly to salaried positions require 7 subjective interviews versus 3-4 for externals. ", " I Loved working for amazon it was amazing. The environment was busy but the work was fun also interesting. ", " Great place for training in a warehouse. Good hours and great co-workers. ", " Come in, clock in. Get your materials needed for work (normally a scanner). Go to your stand up area, stretch, news for the day, go to assigned area and begin task. At amazon, I learned attendance (one day out was a lot out of paycheck), I learned the important of teamwork, but to be self sufficient at the same time. Management is all how you approach and interact with them. One manager was ok with me, but had problems with others, etc. Coworkers, some of them were honest, hard workers. Others were there really for the paycheck. Hardest part of the day was getting up so early, and 10 hour work shifts. And 6 days straight during peak season...Which entails best part of the job. Peak pay. Especially with VCP. $1100-1500 dollar paychecks. Wonderful, but very physically demanding. ", " To work at Amazon they prefer no brain. Associates have become just numbers and ones they only want to pay $11. Most Area  Managers have never had a job before Amazon and are allowed to continually regurgitate ideas that have been proven failures. There is absolutely no promotional opportunities and most associates walk around worrying that it will be thier last day ", " Overnight shift is wonderful. Plenty to do, but plenty of fun!! ", " I write for a living. And I like/prefer to publish my books in my own way rather than have someone else do it all for me. I make my own covers, but have someone else edit them for me for a fixed price. I love being a writer, because no one can tell me no on what to write, and no one can limit my imagination. I thank Amazon and Createspace for giving Indie authors like me opportunities like these. :). ", " This is a very fast paced job that required a lot of time.It is a great faced pace work environment with plenty of opportunities to grow "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon was very productive, its the kind of job that will help you get into shape. they had great pay as well  ", " Everybody is nice to you at amazon. I was kicked out nicely. I loved that place. Pity that I couldn't work there anymore. ", " I worked the night shift here it was kind of slow at first the drivers would come in get weighed fuel there trucks get there receipt then shower ticket and then they would leave I had plenty of time to straighten the shelves and clean the bathrooms wipe everything down ", " this job was okay no room for advancement. strict on the job rules and regulations not really ideal for a long term job. good for warehouse experience. ", " I learned to work a faster pace in 30 minutes, I learned how to drive a forklift. The coworkers were ok to work with, they help time pass. ", " It is a good place to learn but it is not a good place to have fun. People there are very nice, but the working culture isn't some I like. ", " This a solid job with challenging tasks. It gives you a good work-life balance. They treat you well here and the pay is good. ", " My husband and i haven't even been there a month and we already quit the place is a JOKE. If I knew I was going to be babysat I would've just hired a babysitter not work at that h*ll hole. If you're down for 30 seconds they b**** about it you can't go to the bathroom or find something or someone without being b*tched at. I would NEVER recommend Amazon to anyone. ", " Amazon isn't a terrible place to work you just have to be prepared to do different jobs everyday. Everyday was a different experience for each person. The jobs were different depending on who you were working with some people trained you others didn't, that makes your job hard. ", " my role at amazon was either to pack ship or manual slam those are the things i learned at amazon and i was relly good at them the management were greatand very helpful when needed the hardest part of the job was to keep your targets up even when your ask to do many different jobs and the most enjoyable part of that job was working with my friends and just doing a good job ", " Inventory Control and a COACH for new associates. Worked on a production line. Forklift operator. Load / unload trailers.  Was a very enjoyable job and enjoyed everyone, but did not see a lot of room for advancement. Sought out after a position at my current workplace. ", " I'm a good worker , work hard and I like work. I learn very fast new job and learn more when I get time.I have always good relation ship with my co-workers and I'm working in team to be together. ", " Hello, I have the English driving license category 2 . cpc. digi . 0 points.  interested me the most, riding from the warehouse to the  warehouse  I am available 12 pm to 10 pm .  weekends and holidays ", " Good place to work but only temporary on the run up to Christmas. ", " Morning stretches get us hyped up for the day ahead... Daily goals based on business needs.  Getting CPT (critical pull times) out in a speedy but safe fashion,  break then more cpt then lunch followed by stretches and more cpt then one more break followed by the end of the day cpt's.  I would normally be fixing the problems handling any issues anyone might have.  Running a specific area like gift wrap where i would makes sure everything was flowing and getting done in a speedy fashion... Never wanted to miss a customers order or have it late.  Quality of the item and the packages(s) itself were also very important.  I learned how to do every function in the outbound department, became very good at them in-turn.  I was trained to train new employees in there function.  I learned more of the technical side of things began fixing shipments, any red flags and managing inventory...  I also learned how to become a PA (process assistant)...  so basically i was responsible for all of the packers in a specific area.. and making sure the thousands of orders went out on time. ", " The atmosphere was very bland, but fast paced. The jobs weren't hard just very repetitive and boring. Overall I enjoyed the job and hours given while employed at the job site. ", " My typical day at work was get orders sort them and make sure the go in the right boxes. I learned not to mess up orders cuase you would rated on based how you work. The hardest part of the job was working 12 hours and i recently was in a car accident which i mess my knee up bad and i had to stand on the whole time. the most enjoyable part of the job was clock out and get paid for working almost 60 hours a week good pay. ", " You meet interesting people around you ranges from ethnicity and ages. The work is hard on the first day but you will get used to it, the management team is always there to help you. Don't be hesitated to ask them for help just because they are higher \"rank\" than you. ", " those 3 months in amazon october /november/december when we trained new people as a ambasader ", " A typical work day included picking/packing a variety of items for customer's orders. I learned how to work independently while being part of a great team at the same time. I became stronger through the daily observations that where performed on the warehouse associates. The hardest part of the job was balancing life and work. I worked the night shift and it drowned me. I only wanted to sleep and work because of the intense work that was done from 6pm-6am. The most enjoyable part was being part of the team. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Management was a hands off type. Co workers were always friendly. Work flow was always constant, there was always something for everyone to do. ", " Worst management ever ever ever... It was a disaster. these people liked to beat us down... they were never satisfied.. I think they miserable.. I;ve heard other locations were better. not sure.. . ", " IT WAS ALONG DRIVE FROM OKLAHOMA TO KANSAS AND THE HOURS WERE LONG. ", " Accomplishments are well beyond reasonable, but demanding standards of  performance, especially in the key areas of responsibility. ", " When I started working hired with SMX, I was excited to work because it was my first actual job. When I got the job I loved keep moving doing hands-on work constantly. I didn't like the fact that we would do the same thing every day, I wanted to learn how to operate a forklift and other cool warehouse work but I couldn't because I was new. So I left this company to go work for CSC Telecom which is a whole new different industry, and heard they pay really well. ", " I loved working at Amazon. We would all work hard and fast when the work was coming in. And just like every new year that comes up we break records! ", " I always felt that I was safe in the workplace as they took so many measures to ensure it. A typical day at work was to sign in to the pass card and have a meeting with the managers before we did anything so that we knew what was needed of us. We would work for 5 hours packing in a vibrant atmosphere. Then have a 30 minute break and then go back to work for another 2 and a half hours.  The main thing that i learned whilst working there was team work and setting goals is a must. Team work helps you gel with everyone and makes tasks a lot easier. Setting goals is a very good way to make sure that you do well at your job but also strive to improve as well.  The management was not very talkative to me personally but that probably was because it was such a massive operation and there was a big job to do. When we had done a good job though they were very personal.  My co-workers were great. There were so many that you don't get the chance to know everyone. Co workers trained me up well so I could do my job and were very welcoming.  The hardest part of the job was to be standing up at a work station for about 5 hours packing products and it having a huge impact on your knees.  The most enjoyable part of the job was to know that you have done a great job and have created a great experience for customers. ", " Pro: Bonus at the end of each month  Cons: Not family oriented, not a lot of room for growth, management doesn't seem to care about the associates, work is boring ", " A typical day at work: Multiple task in a fast pace environment.  What you learned: Great customer service and problem solving  Management: Poor  Co-workers: were helpful  The hardest part of the job: Its not the job its me and i want it to be hard on my self.  The most enjoyable part of the job: Knowing you had such great motivated co-workers around you. ", " poor management, and no job security, a lot of favoritism, work is under appreciated ", " The warehouse scene was not very glamorous, but I feel I was very productive there and I couldn't complain about the pay. ", " part time managers nice people many hard workers job real easy only 4 hours the works can be real friendly but there favoritism in the management . ", " Amazon work is a typical warehouse work, which I bonded very well with and was very successful at. During my time at Amazon I met all my targets and was almost flawless; however, after Christmas which is the busiest time of the year in there, there were far to many employees to work available ratio. This situation resulted in many employees lay-offs, which the company considered normal with zero hours contract. ", " Good pay and friendly workplace, but high stress and extremely highly monitored, no room for error whatsoever and everything you do and say will be analysed. Not for the faint hearted, but very rewarding if you enjoy giving good customer service. ", " I was a great experience. I truly helped me to develop my people skills. And helped me better my communication skills as well. And a typical day at work was amazing there was never a dull moment. We all communicated well and had fun. My manager was absolutely amazing. I loved my co-workers, we all got along well. Hardest part of the job was sometimes dealing with the extremely rude customers. What I truly enjoyed most was serving the people. I really brought joy to my soul. ", " good place to work, giving you opportunities to accommodate your work schedule. Challenging about multiple hiring and don't have enough time to assess all employees. not anymore background check neither high school required. ", " I worked the graveyard shift in Fernly, which was about an hour away.  I stocked shelves and assigned items to their location.  It was actually a fun job.  Long hours, great pay.  The job was temp though, mainly for the holiday season.   ", " It's a great place to work. Allows employee the space to do the work with the right training and access to all the information we need to do the job. ", " Work was not difficult Was trained to run several types of forklifts The hardest part of the job was the twelve hour shifts Enjoyed operating forklift equipment very much ", " This was great, I wish I had more products to continue! I had no co-workers or management. A typical day included listening for email alerts, filling orders and shipping fullfilled orders. Then takng calls for product details, and returns. Any customer emails or calls with concerns ect. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day involved collecting products to fill orders from areas that typically were 100 yds by 50 yds. Management ranged from being affable to overbearing. Coworkers were generally pleasant and great to work with. The most enjoyable part of the job was not being confined to one location and being able to move from one area to another to complete assignments.  The hardest part of the job was meeting the quotas  While products were spread over an entire area, often subsequent picks were at opposite ends like going from end zone to end zone repeatedly and sometimes consistently. This frequently resulted in less than satisfactory performance rates because these did not average out as we were often told. ", " The management is good. Hours are good. The pay could be better. Safety is very good. ", " Amazon has great benefits, management is great, just the overall environment is great. its not like any other warehouse. There are a lot of job advancement opportunities. ", " you were always moving running around and packing all items to the customers. there was never a dull moment ", " Tagging Inventory Logistics  Lots of walking, long hours Over thousands of employees ", " A typical day at work is tiring from the 10 hour days to lifting boxes all day every day with minimal breaks.  My co-workers were wonderful as a place like amazon has people from all walks of life and a huge age range, so there was never a shortage of people around.  The majority of the management i know are very rude, do not explain your job well, and seem to be on a power trip, while i'm sure this is not true of all of them, that was for the most part my experience.  its nice that you come in and know what your doing every day there are only so many options on the other hand that gets very monotonous. ", " enjoyed all the crosstraining, good chance to meet people with 6,000 other co-workers, but no time to socialize while working. work hard of course and the ten hour shifts fly by. air conditioned (great for it being the largest warehouse worldwide) opportunity to work 70 hours during peak ", " Very fast paced loud lots of work to get done co-workers were pretty descent so as the managers fun part is getting off at the end of the day ", " Awesome job. Long enough breaks. Great people. Hard working security and staff. ", " I loved working at Amazon. The work was fast pace Amaszon was really big on exercising and preventing injures. ", " Best Job Experience Ever!! Working in Amazon is like being a student. Everyday, you get to learn something new. Being one of the BIG4 internet companies, Amazon is working on a huge number of Projects. Name any technology and Amazon is definitely working on it! People can easily find teams working on their favorite technologies and ask for an internal transfer. This is one of the few companies where internal transfer is highly encouraged. ", " It is very fast place fun place to work during peak season. I like the incentives you could win a new xbox and other cool stuff. ", " management in my are was awesome. co workers were excellent , the hardest part of the job was the shift i had. meeting new people was the best. ", " It's a wonderful enviroment you dont have to wait to see anyone come help you, its as if youre your own manager &amp; it's a great feeling to work there ", " I would walk in to work every day with a positive attitude of a higher then expected rate and productivity management would always come by to let me know how well or bad I was doing an make sure everything was going well as far as daily tasks and rates many stowers are also required to display bin educate which is organization of bins used by the stower ", " Ensure data integrity in HRIS (Peoplesoft) systems.   Daily maintenance of HRIS systems: entering new employees, issuing time cards, and updating employee information, Benefits Enrollments, etc.   Attendance tracking: coordinate with managers to ensure employees are on the correct schedule pattern and crew sheets.   Completing and distributing daily and weekly reports to Fulfillment Center (FC) managers and corporate office. Compiling all new-hire data and entering into PeopleSoft.  PAYROLL:   Ensure timely payroll reporting from FC to Amazon\u2019s corporate payroll office. Ability to troubleshoot reporting errors prior to transmission.   Coordinate with managers, using labor tracking tools, to ensure employees are on the correct schedule patterns.    Completing and distributing reports as needed by FC managers and corporate offices. Provide frequent customer service regarding payroll, benefits, scheduling, etc.  ADMINISTRATIVE:   Assist internal customers with benefits, orientation, and stock inquiries.   Assist Recruiting/Safety Department, as necessary (new hire orientations, safety talks, interview loops and coordination)   Conduct administration portion of new-hire orientation.   Liaison with department managers and security for administration of badging process for building access and timekeeping.   Calculate turnover metrics for salaried and hourly associates.   Complete employment and payroll verifications.   Organize all HR department records, employment files and maintains operation of office equipment   Maintain several HR spreadsheets related to workers ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> compensation, LOA, stock, etc.   All other duties and responsibilities, as assigned ", " hard working, fast pace, great ienviroment with friendly people, working 10 hours a day picking multiple items for customers around the world. ", " a typical work day is 10 hours, work is repetitive and requires long hours of standing. my co workers are the best. Meeting daily goals is the most enjoyable part of the job ", " The culture is relaxed and the people warm and friendly. The work week goes by fast with only having to work 4 out of 7 days. ", " So busy noone will take the time to show you anything because they are on rate too. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Job was not complicated. Very fast paced. Very demanding. As long as you are willing to work your butt off, you will do well here. ", " Lots of training opportunities for those who are willing to learn. Work hard you get farther and more rewards such as gift cards. ", " Working at Amazon fulfilment centre was a great experience and truly changing. My job role consist of me picking the correct items from the correct shelves and putting them onto a trolley, which would then be delivered to the packing department. Due to the warehouse being so big, attention to detail was essential alongside time keeping and I had to make sure that I was picking the right item out of the correct shelf and make sure that I have picked all the correct items within the time specified otherwise it would, not only slow down production but it would also cause more problems in other departments. ", " Listen, I don't believe in badmouthing former employees. But this is a required section, so I'll do it.  I actually didn't mind working at Amazon. The pay was good, and I was keeping in shape. I was even trying to meet people, something that a person like me, who is ordinarily introverted (sorry guys, I know employers like natural extroverts but we can't all be that way) is usually unlikely to do.   The average day is usually passing through a security system (the system records EVERYTHING on a tv screen from the moment you come in, and could probably even tell supervisors your general mood by facial expression, or maybe even what you ate from that stain), then punching in and logging into a scanner device, morning stretches, followed by a lecture on the weekly topic. Shift is divided into quarters with three breaks, and not much bathroom time. But if you're eating and working right, it doesn't feel like you need it. At lunch break, you clock out, and go take care of what you need to, then clock back in, and do more stretches and lecture before work. You can items, and either pick (remove from shelf) or stow (add to shelf). Pick is no problem, you just have to run around and keep up with the pace. Stow, on the other hand requires a certain level of planning, and is complicated by the fact that other stowers are also adding stuff to the shelves.  I basically learned the art of taking inventory in a warehouse, along with alot of other things I won't get into. I also learned to become more sociable, being that I had a factory full of people to at least work around.  I generally ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> liked some of my coworkers, but the stressed environment made it difficult to talk to other people. So we'll skip to management. Both pick and stow have coaches (which ironically don't cheer you on or coach you, they criticize you to get you to work harder. This is actually fine with me, until I got discouraged), ambassadors (they are basically amazon workers that test run the process, they train you to do the job and they do it themselves), and problem solvers (people you go to if something weird happens, or if you do something wrong). But actually, you don't really have a \"supervisor\" or \"management\" in the traditional sense. Instead, cameras watch your progress, and computers send pick orders. Failure to follow such orders in a timely fashion and you get warned. In stow the former is still true, but you have the unsettling feeling of being your own boss, and being fully accountable for anything done wrong. Overstuff a bin? You'll probably hear about it. But typically, from the coaches, not a manager.  What I did mind however was that the company seemed hell-bent on testing the loyalty of its own employees. Look, I come to a job to work. I don't goof off, and I spend the majority of the time there working (out of a ten hour daily shift of constant activity this is a pretty good record). I wouldn't expect to be made into a full-time employee, not from reading other reviews on amazon (they have pretty much temp employees or people who started as permanent employees, and they promise \"conversion\" but it's nonsense), but then I didn't really care about that. What I did hope to do, however, was form lasting friendships with coworkers. Pffft. So much for that. The moment amazon catches you genuinely interested in talking to specific people, it seems like they invariably get moved to different floors or even different sides of the factory. I got my entire schedule shifted, just because I was generally interested in one of the girls, and we had fairly long conversations together. I'd say this was the hardest part of the job, that you were basically pulled away from anyone you started to care about.  The second hardest is that you can't really devote any time to your own needs during peak season, since you have abnormal hours for 6/7 days of the week.  The most enjoyable part of the job was actually pinned down to one day.  I was feeling bummed out about the job, and they actually called in on my scanner asking if I was upset about anything, basically. I was really happy, and for a brief moment, really loved being there. Of course, the next work day, I got final warned and had to leave. Aside from that, basically the feeling you've done a huge amount of work over the week, and enjoying being able to buy anything you want. ", " on a daily basis i would review goods and decide whether they were available to be re sold or not, i would also keep my work station tidy ", " A typical day at work is usually 10 long hours. Its a fast pace work environment and has great pay. the hardest part of the job is standing up for such long hours. ", " Amazon is a very fun work place. The most enjoyable part of the job was working alongside my colleagues and learning from them. ", " Co-workers are enjoyable to work with. A typical work day consist of arriving to work for a 10 hour shift. Basically this is a job where you work for your money. ", " I counted and organized merchandise  How to do different types of work in a warehouse setting.  I had two managers and worked with several co workers  Some days, it was hard to keep up with rate.  I enjoyed keeping busy ", " Job was a seasonal job did not work there very long at all. A typical day at work was alright hard work some day but was not a problem. Management out there was not the best they need to work more on people skills. ", " Cutting things short it was a very good job, however it was particularly far from me. ", " A typical work day at amazon is very fast paced. You are always on your feet and standing most of the day. When coming into amazon in the morning, we start off with stretches such as lunges, bending over to loosen up the back, and reaching from side to side to stretch the arms. Once finished we talk about safety tips and quality tips and then we proceed to our stations or lines, in which we are assigned by our managers. Once on the line boxes start to come down the belt are we are to put them in the correct location according to the scan number on the box. We then stack the boxes on pallets and scan the pallet after the box is placed. ", " as a employer I thought the company In all were just OK I loved working there but job security is not very good seems all you the in the place is a no ", " Unskilled labor  Management of 100 plus associates Inexperienced Management Co-workers are friendly Boring tasks ", " Management and work very unorganized. As a picking associate you can expect to walk up and down three flights of stairs and from one side of the building to the other. ", " I truly hated this job from start to finish,you were treated like cattle,management were essentially bullies who set unrealistic targets.Your rota was changed without warning or consultation. ", " disgusting payrate, disgusting hours, horrible selfish staff, would rather be in jail. unbearable working conditions, very short breaks fact. ", " Work days are very fast paced. Must be able to deal with a tough environment. There are long hours and a lot of walking involved. A overall good company to work for. ", " Decent place to work, long hours and on your feet all day. Leadership there isn't great and not many of the supervisors or managers even know who your name or have even talked to you before. ", " They want you to work hard and not contented when you reach your percent they always wants more more more. No security they can fire you anytime. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The recruiting process was a bright rainbow, the job (culture, politics, nonsense, etc.) was NOT the pot of gold. ", " its a decent job just too far out for the amount of pay. A typical day at work would be to clock in. Go to group meeting, then go get scan gun and start working. I learned how to work with others. Management is fairly decent, they don't stand over your shoulder. They only track you down when your off and your rate is down. Co-workers are friendly and love interact with others. The hardest part of the job is just doing it repetitively with minimum breaks. The most enjoyable part of the job is leaving. ", " I worked 2 years for amazon as a financial analyst starting in Seattle and transferring to NY.  For the most part I have had a good experience working for amazon with fair competition and hours.  Every department seems to be unique but my growth opportunities were not as plentiful as I would have hoped. ", " pack and fill all trucks assigned to lane(s); ensure the packaging was of the correct address assigned to specified truck; any overflow of packages is to be palletized and wrapped; to assist any other lane(s) or section(s) of shipping as needed. great team environment among co-workers ", " A typical day can be very hectic but the atmosphere is nice and upbeat. I liked changing positions every quarter of the day that kept us learning more and more about the company and how it works. One thing I did not like was that we had so many leaders, PAs and managers to go to each day, they were never on the same page so most times we have gotten mis lead on how to correct a mistake or complete a task. ", " I love everything about this job.I love being able to know that when i answer the phone that the person on the other end is in need of getting the best quality vehicle and its my job to be able to make that happen for them. ", " fast work pace, hard work and a rate to keep up with, whare house work and very good on pay ", "  \tMentored 2 Human Resources Interns.  \tTaleo Flow Meister SME.  \tPlanned and executed Direct Hire Events.  \tDeveloped New Hire Orientation presentation for use network wide.  \tCreated SOP\u2019s for network usage. Sr. Human Resources Assistant  Sr.  HRA and go to person for special projects at ABE2/ ABE3 campus.   \tAbility to invent and simplify processes, result driven.  \tExcellent communication skills and problem solving ability between associates and managers.  \tLiaison between the leadership team and associates in resolving issues with payroll, points, and benefits.  \tCoordinated several direct hire and conversion hiring events netting over 700 new associates.  \tSupported   building wide shift change for 2000 employees, moving from 5 eight hour days to 4 ten hour days.  \tSuccessfully trained and mentored 6 Ops Admins on ATS, lenel, and Actuate Reporting.  \tProficient in roster scrubs and roster accuracy.  \tOwnership of the ABE2 roster, and ground up attrition reporting and metrics delivery.  \tProvide metrics to site leadership to make strategic business decisions.  \tTrained and mentored 6 Ops Admins on processes and software tools.  \tLiaison between WC, LOA, and the associate.  \tAdvocate for change to better benefit the associates. ", " Not a good place to work. you are treated like machines and not people.They don't hire you they \"order\" new people for employment. ", " Good work environment. Lots of smart colleagues. Learned a lot about data center IT equipment power and mechanical equipment requirements. Young management team. ", " the hardest part of my work is walking 9 hour on shift i like the brief is a company who want quality not quantity is a very saftey company the salary is too loo ", " I loved working here....by far the best job I've had. I am sorry I had to leave and move away :( ", " If you like good, honest, hard work this is for you.  Most jobs involve making a rate.  You do get noticed if you have a good attitude and make rate, and will be offered new challenges. ", " The company sells everything under the sun and gets it to you quickly. Prices are reasonable and so is shipping. This is one of the most unique places I've ever been employed. It's a different culture, they think outside the box and it has brought a great diversity of people and technologies together. There are many good people who work at Amazon.  I receive thousands of pieces of merchandise each day that are delivered to me. I take each item and code/load it into the Amazon inventory system. One of the most advanced inventory systems in the world. It is then moved to a stowing department where each item will get stored in an assigned bin. Management is fair, will listen to your advice and work with you on how to better your production or show you how to do things easier. Coworkers are all very good people who work hard and concentrate on their work. Very friendly staff. Hardest part of the job may be lifting a few heavy items The most enjoyable part of the job is knowing when your rate is high and the department has met its goals. ", " *fast paced *great management *great co-workers *standing in one place for 11hrs ", " Not the job for me, I want excitement. variety. Management only cares about employee rates. I want a job that I feel apart of. Helping people. Making a difference to the public. ", " Years of working in a warehouse environment I would say it was fun at first.  When management started to change the fun that we all had was removed. ", " A typical day in the Er was usually very busy non stop. I learned so much while i was working there. I learned how to work codes, do inventory, put doctors orders into the computer, how to put a cath in someone. Management and co workers were wonderful... The hardest part of my job was having to tell someone there family member didnt make it. The most enjoyable part of my job was knowing that i was helping someone!!! ", " If you are lucky enough to have a good manager in a good org, you can have a great experience. This is very rare here. Almost everyone I knew the entire time I was there was overworked to the point of exhaustion. It was not uncommon to receive (and be expected to reply) to emails at 10pm on a Sunday. You are always expected to be available. Sick days are not sick days. They are days that you *only* respond to email from bed. Almost all of the management team will tell you that they believe in work/life balance, but take this with a grain of salt. If you clock out at 6, you will not be promoted. And if you are not promoted after 2 years, they will start to make moves to have you removed. ", " I had the opportunity to write about a number of interesting topics, including fashion, food and history. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Good place to work. i enjoyed working and being a part of the behind the scenes of Amazon. ", " I loved working there, I didn't like the traffic weather days and was upset with their 6 point system ", " I have no issues with my coworkers, you will work every bit of the 10 hours you signed up for. During peak you could work 60-70 hours. If you are not kissing butt do not expect to get anywhere in this job. This is not a career kind of job either. ", " i didnt enjoy my time with amazon mainly jue to the expectations of the company from its staff which i felt were unrealistic for someone of my age ", " Very fun and enjoying. I loved making rate and meeting new people everyday. ", " Fast paced physical and mental job. High expectations and goals. Customer focused and safe ", " we start our day with morniing streching excercise &amp; every department had there own excercise layout. Co-workers were  very outgoing &amp; spirted . I was learned that Breaking productivity records can be fun and rewarding. The hardest part of the job was when it came to quiting time to just stop in the middle of completing an order. the most enjoyable part working for this company was employee moral was always spirited supervisors included. ", " my day involves of loading and unloading carts full of items. I learned how to work at a steady pace and the management were tough at times.l but they worked with me and my great co-workers. the hardest thing about the job was walking 10-15 miles a day, but the best part about the job was the workout ", " time consuming, fun. hardest part of the job was moving boxes from one side to the other side when extra heavy.! ", " This job paid the bills and then some but it wasn't something that I would want to do forever. The staff isn't very friendly and they act more like drill sergeants. ", " Was picking orders using scaner and bringing them to packing. worked there only for summer, so i could continue studying in Riga. ", " Focus is on metrics I've learned to adapt and overcome due to poor communication and a consistently changing environment. Amazon has it's own set of standards, yet they don't practice what they preach. ", " if  you choose to work at amazon you better get very good walking shoes i got cross trainers  its the best diet ever we walked any where from 5 to 10 miles a day  and i was in shipping  one of the least walked areas  i learned you rely on your work mates  management  has issues  my husband got a job in SC i asked for a transfer 9 wks later i still had no transfer  they will tell you one thing and turn around and do the total opposite ! the most enjoyable part of my job we worked hard but had a lot of fun ", " Was an OK place to work.  Decent pay.  Managers come and go way too fast.  No room for advancement. ", " Easy jobs all around but they focus on the small things rather then the bigger issues. You can get fired for the smallest things in that place. And it's very hard to move up in the company and when they do promote someone they don't do it within the department. ", " was waiting for training in different areas for awhile but overall good paying job ", " No review to tell at this time. I do not respect the management team and I have learned that it takes many years and many broken promises in order to work your way up, that is why I am looking elsewhere. ", " I sort, stock, and count inventory. Train other associates in stow and receive process Problem solve for stow and receive process. Analyze and process vender and customer returns. ", " At Amazon it was hit or miss for good and bad days. Somedays it was a steady flow work was constant then other days there was hardly any work and it was hard to get hours. As a forklift operator I was driven to adhere to all safety policies because that was the culture there. Task were easy to follow and requirewd great attention to detail. ", " I would generally pick items for customers but i would also at times be n the packing lines or in the shipping department. I learned how to use picking scanners and the learned to recognize the amount of orders was coming in and what was being shipped out. Management was good they pushed us to hit our targets and try and better our targets. My co-workers was a good bunch of people they was hardworking and we had a joke too. the hardest part of the job having to be searched on a regular basis by security because of the value of the good we was working with it sometimes slowed us down to miss our targets. the most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people because it was a very large place you always met someone new. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " always stayed busy worked hard enjoyed my job. excellent benifits ,paid holidays, vac and other. had on site counselors, and medical teams ,and high security. walking 20 miles a day benefits extra bonus employee discounts ", " A typical day at Amazon is fast paced and busy. All about rates. I learned that you must take your own personal action when you run into barriers and make sure to keep a notebook to write them down in. The management was always looking for ways to make the numbers go up. The hardest part of the job was to go a full day without any barriers. The most enjoyable part of Amazon was the team work. ", " Long hard hours but ok company to work for.  needs to communicate more with employees ", " A typical day at work is constant movement. The managers are all approachable. The hardest part is lifting heavy items. The best part is off season they VTO a lot. ", " Selling the Pandora Jewellery. Keep our customers happy, give them advice and all needed information. opening and closing the store. Hanling the money in the end of the day. ", " Amazing place to work, great people, very professional. Great studio, stylist, photographers, Hair and makeup. Fast passed. Art Director covers 3 bays each day.  Excellent system for packing photos and getting the job done on time. ", " a typical day at amazon was to stock shelves for customer orders, I have learned that you must stock with safety in mind because we had an awful lot of heavy items to stock, however, you should always lift with your legs and not with your back.  I had the best Manager, and the co-workers, old and new where very professional.  What I liked about the job is we got to see first hand what Amazon has to offer, and I wasn't just an Amazon employee, I am also a Customer. ", " Amazon is a easy going job with a tough environment to stay on as a full time worker after the holiday seasons. The jobs you are tasked to do are very repetitive but are also very easy to put to task. You can learn many things from the job if you seek to aim higher on the employment chain as many bottom level jobs are common sense and don't take any skill what so ever to perform. At the time I worked within Amazon we were undertaking 10 hour shifts starting from 7pm and was perfect for everyone to keep both their work and social life separate from each other and yet still have time for them both and came as one of the many perks to the job. ", " Amazon is an interesting company to work at.  The culture is one that allows for lots of learning and challenging work to be involved in.    I think they are a good company that cares about their customers but the tough part is that they do not care much about their employees.  . ", " Amazon is great place to work.  The development and monitoring tools available to all are simply amazing.    Being able to build to AWS and scale up and scale down-- a breath of fresh air.  It's a good place... I think I'd just say you have to be under 30 YO.  The worst part of Amazon is they are always looking for a villain and your manager (despite how nice he might seem) is ready to throw you under a bus.   After a big release (like a Kindle or Kindle Fire), you will either be recognized as \"great\" or \"causal\" to the success.  Worse, as a manager, you will be told how you should rate your team.  1st Year Reviews are always the hardest because you realize if someone on your team was a \"rockstar\" that you really can't give more rewards than the \"average guy\" because of the current rate of stock options.   That was very hard to explain to employees.  In trying to promote people, it's at least a year process... because you need to solicit the feedback from other folks who will set requirements.   If you are not on a development team, you won't advance as fast as if you were. ", " Typical day at amazon as a picker I would drive my order picker to different areas of the building and pick product that was in my scanner. I learned how to find where the product was .the management team was a great team to work with. some of the coworkers where great but you had those that would slack off and not do there part . there wasn't anything hard about the job .the most enjoyable part of the job was knowing that the job got done ", " I have been working in the same building for four years doing basically the same job. I have ben moved around to run several departments but my main department has been outbound. At this time the schedules offered do not meet my requirements so I have to move on. ", " when we get there the first thing we do is excersice later we go to our locations and we start scaning ", " A typical day is never guaranteed. You may come in to work one day, and there isn't enough work so they offer VTO (voluntary time off) or you're basically left with a position you don't want yet need the money so you have to stay.  The hardest part would be the physicality's of it. Standing in usually the same spot for 10 hours a day wears on your back and knees something fierce.  My co-workers are awesome, I've made so many new friends since becoming a member. The most enjoyable part would be the schedule I have, which is Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday with Wednesdays and weekends off.. I really really enjoy the people and the ability to switch shifts when necessary however.  Management is awesome depending on the department. ", " Even if you are doing a good job, you are made to always feel your job is in danger. I would not recommend it. ", " Worked there for 4 years, fun if you get on a good team. Others can work you to the bone. ", " it's very demanding and long but you learn different techniques to do yo9ur job and have the opportunity to rise above and get promotions from within in no time at all. ", " warehouse based, supervising team of up to 300 employees, keeping track of targets and encouraging successful results, good relationship with staff at all levels, good social aspect ", " Very fast paced work environment.  Management could use some additional training. Compensation could have been better, but I admire them for being a very strong customer oriented company ", " Responsible for an operation ranging from 300-500 associates with 2-3 direct reports. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " staying on feet fast-paced following instructions work holidays working closely with others ", " this is my favorite job i enjoy everyday working at amazon shaping items  that costumer order the picker job is a solo job that you walk and fiend the items and shaping it ", " htss liked the job was doing recieving and generl labor was a good job ", " this was an okay job. i barely had a chance to get to know anyone at work because i was always focus on work and trying to keep up with rate. ", " This company seemed like a great place to work at first, but after time went by your employment gets worse.  They don't treat their employees very well, there is little or no concern for employees. After you have been in there employ for two to three years they start to try and get rid of you. They find things to write you up on even if the mistakes were someone else.  When something happens within the warehouse the employee is blamed for it they pass the buck a lot, to make themselves and managers look better.  Managers do not tell truth they lie, and HR is just as bad. There is favoritism, its all about who you know, not what you know,  you work 4 ten hour days, two ten minute breaks and a half an hour lunch that's not much in 10 hours, all positions besides management and HR you are on your feet for 10 hours a day, and they have rates for picking and stowing sometimes there hard to meet if you don't your written up so many your out the door. And there is little advancement, a large turn over for help,  there in a constant state of reorganization. I only recommend this employment to people who are in between jobs or need medical insurance or if employment is to hard to find in your local area. ", " overall a good place to work but be ready to be told you need to move faster even if you improved from the last time you were informed you werent meeting their expected hourly rates ", " Pick customer orders on all levels of a multi-level mezzanine, pack and ship orders, and troubleshoot problems to resolution. Operate all powered equipment such as forklift and cherry picker. Adhere to all aspects of production; and adhere to strict safety, quality, and production standards ", " Amazon got some great DBAs around.  It was fun working with them and learned a lot.  Oracle on Linux is the standard along with FSFO.  The tools built to support the Oracle platform are outstanding.  If you run into some problem, some DBAs are always around to support you.  Overall, it's a good place to work, at least for some newly minced DBA because he will learn a lot. ", " No advancement opportunities. No raises. If you was not in the in crowd then you were out. Told everyday that you can always be replaced. Made physically ill by all the stress. They want only temps. Was wrongfully terminated according to the Unemployment office. ", " Work went by fast, nice staff, hardest part was the fast paced non stop. ", " It was very slow process to get trained on other job duties throughout the warehouse. Sorting was the least exciting job duty in the warehouse. ", " typical day was 10 hour shifts at night cold and tiring learned patience and speed when working to reach targets management were relaxed but expected results co workers were friendly and easy to work with staying up all night was the hardest part of the job arrival and departure were the most enjoyable parts of the job ", " Fantastic Place to work and very supportive team to work. Great managers to work with. ", " i was a wonderfull place nice team and a i have a great time intihis company with a big family ", " Not much bad to say about Amazon. I wish I had been kept as a full-time employee when my seasonal ended. Could have worked there the rest of my life, or moved into HR/Management and used that experience to find something else equally great.  The atmosphere and people were excellent. Management is very personable and helps when needed.  Games and Ping Pong in the break area. Free food once in awhile. Get to be part of a team and there's a strong bond formed. Very sad to leave. ", " good member team torgther hard work.. i am deaf.. teacher america sign language some poeple like learned sign language easy communcation team  ..helper around dept different make me learn fast and good skills my hand .....well-developed working warehouse.Cooerative and fleible team player;equally effective working independently. Abilitiy to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple task.. ", " great company, people, culture. good benefits and salary  good management and people ", " While I worked for Amazon, I meet and made friends. I enjoyed working for the company. It was always my dream to work for amazon. while I worked for amazon I was in charge of keeping the building stocked with technology inventory. I was in charge of contacting vendors to send off broken equipment and order equipment if needed. I did weekly and monthly audits for the inventory ", " You will spend a lot of time at this place. They work you extremely hard but compensate you well. You will however earn every penny that they pay you. ", " Amazon has signs through the warehouse- no belts, no keys, amazon employees and management only allowed to have phones, no loose change..essentially treated like a prison- shoe laces may be next for those interested.  Short breaks, timed bathroom breaks. EXTREME micro-management. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I was under paid, not paid for holidays, There working conditions are the worst I have ever worked in. There breaks are terrible having to walk 10 minutes of your break and having to leave 5 minutes early to clock back in so your 30 minute break is really 15 minutes. ", " Amazon works like a consignment store. Our books appear on Amazon.com as a product sold by Amazon. You don\u2019t need to fill your garage with copies of your books waiting to be sold, and when you make a sale, you don\u2019t have to wrap and ship the book. Amazon Advantage does it. Books you sell on Amazon.com through Amazon Advantage are eligible for FREE Super Saver Shipping and two-day shipping through Amazon Prime\u2122. How does it work? They place orders with me for copies of my books based on customer demand and I send them the copies. They store them in their fulfillment centers, and when a book is sold, they handle the payments, wrap and ship the books, and take care of customer service and returns for me. They pay me monthly for the books they sell. ", " Its like being in prison but probably worse. No radio to listen to so youre just walking round in dead silence and when you stop to talk to someone the management are straight onn your back to carry on working. Way to regimented ", " It was an enjoyable place to work with great people. I was in outbound as a packer. I would clock in and go onto my work station after the first meeting and start packing customers orders. There was a target set for each department and I exceeded that target every week. The hardest part of the job was constantly being on your own, with no time to talk to other co-workers and having a lot of time to think on your own. A lot of things have been said and represented about Amazon on the television, but it has to be said that it was the best job I ever had. It was fast paced - although you were stood on your feet most of the time, it didn't matter to me and I found it to be enjoyable. I learnt a lot about myself doing night shifts at Amazon and I will cherish my time there. ", " Good work environment. Lots of smart colleagues. Learned a lot about data center IT equipment power and mechanical equipment requirements. Young management team. ", " It was a fun place to work. Management team was a Okay, co workers was nice and helpful. I learned a lot about working in a warehouse. ", " I enjoyed my time at amazon because I was able to contribute to other peoples happiness by making sure they received the correct order. It was also a great way to get exercise due to the amount of walking you did each day. ", " -I walk within 4 to 5 miles each shift. -workplace safety -not much interaction with co-workers outside of breaks -physical strain -not a hard job shift is easy to get through. Weekly pay. ", " As Senior Product Marketing Manager at Amazon UK I have the opportunity to launch new self serve advertising products into the EU Market. ", " I would come in and check everything to see if everything is the way it supposed to be. I would usually have to prep vegetables. After that I would assist on the front line and try to keep everything filled and or clean. ", " This use to be a great place to work.  Work hard, make history. This is not the case anymore.  This is very corporate and while it looks great on a resume, they are not employee friendly. ", " I gained a lot of computer skills while working in this job and gained experience In talking to people. The team I worked with was a great help especially finishing takes on time. ", " Supervising employees to maintain a smooth shift Solving technical problems when they would come up Working in a fast pace environment Keeping a positive attitude to keep staff working hard ", " Co-workers were good and had a family-like atmosphere. Management didn't care and was very ineffective at their respective jobs. Pay for the time and work hours was not great. ", " Dynamic and energetic place to work that is constantly changing. Management is very supportive and willing to work with people. ", " Amazon maybe the world leader in online shopping, but they are one of the worst companies to work for. The needs and opinions of the employees go vastly over looked. ", " I say work for this company as a sublet. Maybe a year to 5. but wouldn't advise to make a career choice at amazon! I Had fun an enjoyed my co workers. but did not like the amazon experience as much. ", " Working at Amazon wasn't that bad besides all the walking and long days. I was nice to get paid after a long week of working ten hours  and when i was there overtime was mandatory. ", " WHEN COUNTING DO NOT BE TALK TO OTHERS. MANAGEMENT IS VERY GOOD AT AMAZON. CO-WORKERS ARE VERY COSIDERATE. STANDING ON YOUR FEET FOR TEN HOURS. SEEING A SMILE ON PEOPLES FACE BECAUSE WHEN THEY SMILE YOU SMILE BACK. ", " I am not an person who enjoys a slow and boring day doing the exact same thing all day. A different day will give me a change in pace, energy and also my love for a job. I dread going to Amazon on a daily bases, but have no other choice until I find a new job. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a fast growing company. The workload is intense and as a result there is often a large turnover. This turnover can be frustrating with management etc. positions taking a long time to be filled and work loads being added to other positions.  As Amazon matures they seem to be hiring better and you can really get some smart, experienced, talented co workers with the opportunity to learn a lot from. There are still however a lot of best practices/ basic processes that need to be installed to make work run smoothly within this big machine. It is exciting knowing that you are working for a \"winner\" however that can quickly run short if you just feel like you're on the hamster wheel.  An exciting but non-fulfilling company to work for however you come away with amazing experience making it a very good stepping stone. ", " It's bad. The managers are horrible. You are disposable because there is another temporary employee waiting to fill your spot. ", " I don't mind amazon. I do not see it as a career choice, but very fun, very fast, overtime available most the time. ", " learned to be very punctual and always watch your surroundings and others around you. Give credit where credit is due. ", " you was isolated counting inventory. the hardest part was having to be to your self for 10 hours a day ", " Amazon in a very diverse company.  I process items that customers of Amazon have bought and no longer want the item(s) anymore.  The hardest part of the job is when certain areas of the building get backed up and there is nowhere to put the items in a safe location. ", " I love working for amazon its a fun place to be if you like long hours. Just 4 days a week with three days off great benefits and perks. ", " stand up in am and at lunch to learn any new information and we strech. Review work board each quarter to find out our job for that time period. As with anywhere so management is very informative and supportive while others are distant. Co workers vary as with any work place, you have the ones who work to help out the team and ones who dont want to work. We all just mainly try and support each other in our daily duties. The hardest part of the job is not getting the support in a timely manner since our rates are based on our weekly assessment. Example, our machine freezes and takes a tech 10 mins to come out we are downa dn our rate drops with it even though it is not our fault it at times it count against us. The most enjoyable is the people and the fun things they do from time to time. ", " February-September is not too bad. October-January is rough. ", " stowing goods to a high target with poor work condidions  as menioned on tv sevral times ", " Work was Good everyday. Great Teamwork Environment . Giid Place to learn fast pace work ", " This job is great and has a reasonable work / life balance. It also has reasonable pay. ", " this job was great sad to say i moved from  job. great managments and also very giving and they really show they appreciate there employees ", " Fun environment to work, should be more flexible but management is over bearing and inconsistent. ", " A good place to work, lots of camraderie, lots of little things that say a lot ", " My rating on a scale from 1-5 for working at Amazon, would be a 3. Management wasn't all that great, and it was a ton of labor work. I enjoyed the people that I worked with most of the time. ", " Everybody on the job was willing to work as a team even the managers, always helpful and understanding. ", " I felt thought I had a job in which I would be with for many years, but what I found was, that as soon as a person got sick, and came back to the work force, they would shift a person around looking for a way to get rid of them. which just show me that there was no job security. But must say the benefits were great. ", " this job was okay no room for advancement. strict on the job rules and regulations not really ideal for a long term job. good for warehouse experience. ", " You must be fast on your feet. It hurts so much! The rate is WAAAAYYYYYYY too high for the paths giving on your scanner. Management seems to act as if they can give writtens for a tiny bit off the rate expectation. You gotta be the Flash to please Amazon's three sections most importantly productivity. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " -I walk within 4 to 5 miles each shift. -workplace safety -not much interaction with co-workers outside of breaks -physical strain -not a hard job shift is easy to get through. Weekly pay. ", " Productive work place. Straight to business. Coworkers made it enjoyable. Managers would play music trying to make is easy. Making rate was somewhat complicated, however making friends was memorable. ", " long work hours short breaks good pay i learned how to find items that i need to pick for the packers. ", " Productive company with lots of open possibilities to achieve amazon goals every week. Chances of winning  seasonal prizes. Works with school schedule. Always willing to retrain associates falling behind company standards. Always a set goal daily. ", " Its a great environment overall  just dusty..(Sinus) No messy folks.. everyone gets along Counting for 10 hrs. Its good exercise throughout the day..(squatting, stretching and walking) ", " A day at Amazon consists of a fast paces environment, where associates and members of management in all departments work together to fulfill customer orders. The most enjoyable part of my job is working with different people everyday. ", " A great place to meet people and make ends meet, but don't get your hopes up when trying to advance within company. Show favoritism and management likes to make promises they can't keep. ", " I really enjoyed working at Amazon It was a wonderful feeling to be able to help customers and compensate them when they had problems with their orders. I have taking irate calls from customers and by the time we hung up that customer was calm I took bad situation and turned them to a positive situation and that made me feel great..  I would have loved for this to have been a permanent position I enjoyed working her more than any job I have had in my past ", " If you like doing the same thing over and over again amazon is a good place to work. The hours are long and all the jobs are repetitive. After getting into a rhythm you can go on autopilot and wait for the shift to be over. ", " Sorting stock then Stowing them away also picking and packing i learned that eveyone including some manegment work together as a team. hardest part of the job is trying to sleep through the day while children in school ready for when they come home to make them ok before i leave to start my nightshift work its enjoyable meeting new people while gaining new skills and doing diffrent work challenges ", " One of the area's largest employers yet behaves in many respects like a small, dynamic company. Encourages and rewards employee contribution to improvements in all facets of the organization. ", " As a picker at Amazon, you must be constantly moving, walking at least 13 miles a days just scanning items. You must be continually scanning into items &amp; containers or you will be cited for time off task. ", " Typical day start at 9 am. I learn how to be a picker and how to be a packer.Management was cool and fun. My co workers was friendly and hard workers.The hardest place is walking so long. The most enjoyable part is doing a good job and getting rewarded. ", " Was ok long hours when quick I met some cool people I didn't work there long enough for an honest review ", " A good job for someone young and not sure what they want to do with their life.  It'll give you some perspective on what work is and hopefully encourage you to want to go back to school. ", " I loved that I was able to work from home at this job. It also helped that it had a great easy going management and tons of off time that came with the position. ", " I enjoy working for this company. this job is a 10 hours day job. the work is easy you put things away into bins and get them ready for the customers.  the hardest part of the job is the required overtime during the peak season you can be working 60 hours a week. which it is hard because you get tired from all the walking you will be doing. ", " If you start working here please be sure to wear good reliable comfortable shoes you do a lot of walking. It is a hard laboring job. ", " Great money, good employees. Managment can improve. Hard work on your body at times ", " There are tons of things to say about Amazon. In short, you are challenged in ways you would not think. It forces you to stay out of your comfort zone and continually grow as a person and as a leader. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Co-workers are great but leadership lacks discipline and communication. Company seems to promote out before promoting inside. ", " This job is not for the faint at heart. You must do everything you can to make your required numbers or you will be terminated. ", " I have enjoyed working at Amazon the past few years it has been a great work experience knowing how much of an important part of the business i have become ", " A typical day of work would be going through the days goal and do our daily stretches. We would also have to see where we would that day. ", " A typical day at work was good.I learn a lot trained in all departments.My management was good.My co-workers was the best.The hardest part about the job was to stand steel ,I enjoy moving around.The Best part about Amazon was everything!! ", " Well working at amazon was rather fun. I learned a lot about the warehouse and all the jobs that it takes to get the product out to the customers. The team leads and managers were very helpful. ", " Unless you're an employee (or former), just know that the majority of the day you are working. Lifting, (some of us) sweating, (some of us) and just trying to keep up. ", " The atmosphere was very bland, but fast paced. The jobs weren't hard just very repetitive and boring. Overall I enjoyed the job and hours given while employed at the job site. ", " tiring work (12hrs/day, 4-5days/wk) with good weekly pay. Learned to work efficiently for long periods of time and make sure a full system of people working in an assembly line worked smoothly. ", " A typical day at Amazon would be a day of counting, and making sure you're back from your breaks on time or you would get in trouble. If you ask me it felt like high school all over again because they stayed on you as if they was principals. ", " Good place to work, staff are really friendly and i always felt like I could ask for help when need be, the management are very good they try their best to maintain a good relationship with you. ", " I was hired for this job during the holiday rush. One thing to note about work at Amazon is that it's a completely impersonal job. As in, in the typical day, you go to a morning and lunch board meeting, where they talk about today's goals. You never get to know your manager by name, because they are not personally involved in your job. From there, you pick up a scanner, and go to work, scanning items into/out of the system, while keeping up a fast rate of work. The job itself isn't hard, but the fast pace is, as is the extreme isolation. Think, nobody to talk to for the bulk of the time. And if you do meet coworkers you are friends with, good luck with that. They routinely move employees to different sections, different floors, or different sides of the warehouse. This would be the hardest part of the job. The most enjoyable part was simply that for a temp job, you got a tremendous salary, and learned a ton of basic skills. I received salary in one week equal to two weeks of work at Walmart. ", " Even if you are doing a good job, you are made to always feel your job is in danger. I would not recommend it. ", " At Amazon I was able to demonstrate leadership skill in outbound department. Inside the warehouse it is a fast pace environment. I was involved in many special projects focusing on the customer for success. Benefits ", " Amazon's logo is \"Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History\" - and they certainly try to make this happen. ", " answered incoming call from customers. determined the nature and resolution of the customer issues and questions. Achieved specific call target to include quality, average handle time and overall customer satisfaction. ", " Best place to learn a lot and do a lot of interesting things. But the problem would be the non technical managers deciding architecture of the systems. ", " I work from home, troubleshooting Kindles, apps and other devices. Customer service is the main focus, and the reward of helping people is amazing. I work with some forward thinking and dedicated team members. ", " look at job duties and report to station consolidation management was not good co-workers were good people meeting quota for stow working with certain supervisors ", " The environment is very deadline-oriented and your efficiency is constantly evaluated. The work is easy and simple, very little training. Management and HR were exceptional, although very burdened. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This was my first job and it taught me a lot. I learned how hard you have to work to achieve daily job expectations and to have to answer to a manager. For the most part I rather enjoyed it. It wasn't overly complicated and the managers were friendly. Unfortunately amazon policy dictates that you are proficient in all jobs and I was eventually moved from the packing department which i was rather good at to the \"picking\" department which involved going around the building and getting items off the shelves to be sent for packing. the production rates were slightly too high for me to be able to consistently meet. ", " Overall, Amazon was a decent place to work. The schedule was a bit rough and the rate expectations were high, but the pay and benefits made up for it. ", " I've worked here for 1.5 years. There is a lot of favoritism. Unbelievable turnover.  Managers (in the Facilties Dept.) have no maintenance background.  The reviews I've had are mostly just lies.  The people that are friends with the managers are the ones getting ahead.  Your skills as a mechanic mean nothing, the only thing that matters here is your ability to kiss-up to the managers, that's it, nothing more.  I've had a couple chances to leave, but I'm on day shift and I just cannot work night shift (a new job, in maintenance, almost certainly means starting on night shift) so it will be a little while until I can leave.  You have to argue and argue and argue to get benefits that you've been paying for all along.  When they hire you, often you will get stocks, when pay raises come around those stocks (that were awarded to you when you were hired) will be presented as if they are now part of the pay raises. A little underhanded to say the least.  Pay raises are poor. We were all called into an office and shown a video from one of the senior facilties managers. In the video he bragged how we were all getting good pay raises. A month later we were given pay raises. Most people got 25 cent raises, a couple got 50 cent raises.  Nearly all of the work is just clearing jams, maybe replacing a motor once every couple months. ", " I am indeed fortunate to work in Amazon. I learned a lot. I feel this is one of the best places to be in when you are new to industry. There is ample apportunities to learn and advance in career. ", " there is 1000 employee on every shifts it has a 2 square miles of warehouse ", " good all around job love it. fast past ,plenty of nice people great system if you are fresh out of school you would like it . ", " its a hard place to work and it is very unfair the people you will be working with are a laugh and they do make it okay but the management is a joke and its not a place you want to work for a long period of time and that would be if they kept you on and its a 95 percent chance they wont so if u go for this job id only make it temp i worked their for 4 years and was happy to get out ", "  \tPick and pack orders for delivery within the United States  \tReceive/ process invoice orders for next day deliveries  \tSort merchandise orders ", " I packed boxes for shipment to customers every day.  The hardest part of the job was trying to make rate when the line leaders would give the good carts and supplies to their friends. ", " Typical day would be to go my area and then be briefed by the leaders on today's situation, then straight to work. I learned how teams were organized with the management being helpful. The co-workers were friendly. The hardest part of the job were the long ours and the most enjoyable was learning new skills. ", " Working at Amazon was a different experience for me. While it was excited, it was physically draining. We received $11/hr which is not bad, BUT the amount of walking we did for ten hours a day was worth more than $11/hr in my opinion.  I did learn how to work at an extremely fast pace and to always ask questions. The hardest part of the job is walking for 12+ miles a day but you get used to it. ", " Amazon Warehouse is large, and the workers are left to tackle the task of picking goods on their own. This requires independence. A handheld scanner shows a list of the items required to be picked, and each one has a specific time to be picked. ", " Although you are in a factory the work is not labor intensive. It's actually pretty easy but can get boring. The pay is good for what you do and it's a great company to work for. ", " overall it was a great experience. I have learned how to do so many different things. ", " A typical day at work was good for me I learned a lot about warehouses my managers were awesome and my co workers were awesome too. ", " Great place to work for benefits excitement and work hours and off days ", " A typical day is on your feet, paced walking for around 15 miles. It is fast paced and you can feel the pressure on your body. I learned how to be independent and how to take it upon myself to make sure the job gets done. The management changes about every three months so you spend more time meeting them then you do listening to them. Your coworkers are the most diverse group of people you can be exposed to. Some friendly, some not so much. Just do not forget, the job comes first. Friends will ruin you there. The hardest part of the job is the pain that starts to set in. You get to the point that three days off is not enough to heal. It is rough. The most enjoyable part is the payed time off that you can collect and use as wanted/needed. ", " fun!!!!!! fun fun fun. loved the job. best job ever and the hours were splendid ", " A excellent work place didn't like management that well felt uncomfortable and under pressure. ", " I love the atmosphere at Amazon. I do not however love the Staffing agency in charge of hiring the majority of people in the Warehouse. I also hate the vendor service's pricing of items in the machines. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Great and fun Company. Tons of benefits and bonuses for employees. company events and give aways. flexable hours and tons of paid time off and vacation available. ", " The fullillment center is a face pace company. Co workers are friendly. A lot of the managers shows favoritism. Its not good for a new FC. The hardest part about the job is getting approve for my school hours. ", " Repetitive,mind numbing task. Focus is on quantity instead of quality. Zero job security. Zero chance on advancement. Zero respect for workers. ", " nice work ,clean warehouse,nice team ,all staff are great,the shifts  are perfect, u can chouse to work night or day shift, u have bus to come to work and to go home. ", " Always doing something never a chance to stop. The most enjoyable part is knowing I could always better myself there. The hardest part was walking long distances for a long period of time. I learned that keeping a steady pace at amazon is very important. ", " I enjoyed working for this company simply because they kept you in the know.  They let their employees know what was going on now and what their immediate plans were for in the future. ", " 4-10 hr work days to start, when peak starts you're working 50 hrs plus. Fast paced high volume work environment. Mininmal supervision ", " I loved the job. Everyone is so friendly and willing to help others. The only downfall is that they only hire seasonally. ", " My son was diagnosed with a heart condition on January 21st and most of our time since then has consisted of doctor appointments and trips to Pittsburgh to see specialist, etc....  What you may not know is this wonderful company that I worked for named Amazon.com was so sympathetic in our situation and was more than willing to help me fill out FMLA papers.....then all of a sudden on Friday I was called into the HR department because they just so happened to be going through my emails and discovered that two months ago I made a mistake. Not a mistake that hurt anyone and was easily corrected, but I guess was serious enough that they found the need to NOW fire me for. Yes.....now....right when I have had to miss work due to my sons illness and show the possibility to need to miss work in the future for appts and such. No verbal warning, No written warning, no final warning, i have never been in trouble for anything in the year and half that i have been there. Coincidence......I think not! ", " At work I process orders for my customers. I learned how to interact with my co-workers having fun but also working very hard. The most enjoyable part of my job is realizing that I made my customers happy. ", " A typical day involved driving up to a minimum of 10 hours and delivering up to 130-150 parcels. I learnt how crucial it is to have a strong attention to detail.  To conclude it was a demanding job which challenged you both mentally and physically. ", " I wish not to review at this time.  I have mixed emotions right now about my sudden departure from the company.  Overall, the company provides a wonderful service. ", " A day at work would be long and hard but satifying. I have learned alot about production and customer needs. Also, I have learned how to safely opperate PIT. ", " has stable hours and fast paced. management is great. fun place to work if you get involved. Mandatory over time during Christmas. ", " Is a very motivated job, always you have something to do never get bored. The management team always help you. Is a fast pace environment. The amazon culture is to motivate associate and ownership. The benefit are very good and the award better ", " I managed 6 area managers and in charge of 200-500 associates. Have to manage all processes of the outgoing of shipping of customer orders. You must be very detailed and pro-active. Most enjoyable part is dealing with all the people. help teach and train. ", " Learned to take charge went it's needed, co-workers were great and always had a good laugh with them. Hardest part was getting motivated for work when starting at 6am, although I managed to learn to get motivated. ", " A typical day was putting product on shelves to get picked by pickers to get shipped to customers. my co-workers were very friendly and helpful. The hardest part I experienced was lifting heavy totes while being pregnant. I enjoyed the job in general overall. ", " Overall Amazon was a good job. Picking at Amazon during the peak season is by far the hardest job in the warehouse. I say this because walking at least 13 miles a shift is a requirement. ", " It was a very cool job alot of walking but it was ok. They need longer breaks because u are there for 10 hours a day an on ur feet for the hole 10 hours. The pay was ok but u didnt have no job security there. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The company is always changing and believes in continuous improvement to perfect processes. Management style is engaging and to remove barriers to improve total throughput. ", " working with amazon is a work out and a break down the management is okay they make honest mistakes and do correct them my co workers were okay the hardest part of the job was the constant walking possibly your whole shift. ", " I was required to pick customer orders on all levels of a multi-level mezzanine, pack and ship customer orders, receive product and troubleshoot problems to resolution. Adhere to strict safety, quality, and production standards. Work around moving mechanical parts.  Noise level varies and can be loud. The temperature may vary between 60 and 90 degrees, and will occasionally exceed 90 degrees. Overall, its a fast pace environment. ", " 7 am-6 pm fast paced time went fast management was ok being yemporary u never new who was ur manager that day ", " Co-workers were good and had a family-like atmosphere. Management didn't care and was very ineffective at their respective jobs. Pay for the time and work hours was not great. ", " Nice place to work. Just didn't have enough work available to maintain employment. People are nice. It's better to work the night shift. Days is available but the money is less. I prefer to work days. ", " Results driven company. Process improvement happens every day which creates an exciting environment. Work life balance can be a challenge at times. ", " If Amazon hired more experienced and diversed managers and supervisors, employees would stay employed longer. As far as the work itself, it is very easy anyone could do the job as long as you take your time to learn the job. ", " The build was hot and you was alone the whole time you there. If you did see any coworkers you was not to speak to them do that you got a rate that's timing you while you there. ", " The atmosphere and people at Amazon are great, but the job can be very draining in the long-term. You begin to feel like you live only to be at work, and talking to the same ten archetypes for days on end on the phone can make you want to scream. They do work their best to keep you happy, but unfortunately their best isn't always enough. ", " Working for Amazon was a great learning experience. It has a very good work culture with really helpful co-workers.   I worked on multiple languages with absolutely no experience on a few of them, which was particularly the difficult part of the entire internship. ", " A typical day at Amazon consisted of shipping and receiving  items to guest. Management at Amazon are great they make if comfortable for you to go and ask questions.  My co-workers are friendly hard working people that are very big on teamwork, which is what I enjoy about the job because teamwork is very important. ", " Clocked in and got straight to work. Head over to the conveyor belt where items would be. Placed items into assigned storage bins. ", " A typical day involved fielding calls from customers who had questions or complaints about their orders.  You do your best to correct the problems, and you're given more discretion on handling complaints than you will at most any other job of this kind.  On the negative side, you're not allowed very much time to remedy what are sometimes complex problems.  This works against the customer-centric culture Amazon works so hard to build.  I feel I learned a lot about how a very large company does business, and I was impressed by how quickly the company worked to resolve systemic problems and make improvements to processes.  Upper management was generally very approachable.  My immediate supervisor could be friendly, but was usually aloof.  I got the impression she was under a lot of pressure from upper management.  My co-workers were exceptionally encouraging and upbeat.  Amazon has the most positive atmosphere of anywhere I've ever worked!  Both the hardest and most enjoyable parts of the job centered around the customers.  The pressure to keep your average call time low caused a lot of stress and made it difficult to connect with the customers.  Being able to help fix their problems was the best part of the job. ", " i learned how to manage my time and how to get things done faster. management was very helpful. Most of my coworkers we friendly and helpful. The hardest part of the job was being on your feet all day but it was worth it. The most enjoyable part of my job was just being there. ", " Managers were not helpful in ways that they should have been, They were rude to there employees and not good customer service. ", " Very fun place to work where you get to see versatile inventory being shipped out throughout your day and your working closely with management to push out inventory and get the product to each and every customer ", " The Amazon call center is energetic and fun. Everyone there seems happy to have their job. We all get the rude customers, but most of the time it's fun to help your callers. ", " amazon its a fun job you get to learn alot of different stuff  I learned how to actually stow and the hardest part of the job its being standing and walking for 10 hours and I love to work 4 das a week . ", " Would only go back as a last resort. The work was very demanding both physically and mentally. To tired to do anything on my days off. Worked at least sixty hours a week. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " long hours on feet and walking miles a day to fulfill orders. pay and benefits are awesome. not much interaction with management other than stand up in mornings. ", " I enjoy working here because I work four ten hour shifts and this gives me three days off. You also get paid weekly and you have the opportunity for health insurance after ninety days. Sometimes I feel they have too many people working in my department and because of this it is hard to advance. You are allowed two fifteen minute breaks and only thirty minutes for lunch. The work however is rather easy if you don't mind walking about ten miles or more per shift seeing how the diameter of the building is 1.5 million square feet. Good exercise for me and I enjoy it. ", " This company is fun to work because while we are working we learn lots of new thing about how the items should be labeled and how the items should be valuable for. ", " * never a dull moment * always learning something new * challenging ", " A typical day at Amazon consisted of arriving to work 30mins before the shift, reporting to pre-shift meeting, reporting to work area, and working until the end of the shift.While at Amazon i learn how to use different kinds of forklifts such as the stand up, the side rider, and the Pc. Along with learning the Trailer Dock and Release Safety procedure. as well obtaining exceptional people skills and gaining experience in a leadership role. Management at Amazon was quite exceptional all supervisors and managers alike was patient, kind, and explained every task with great detail. My co-workers was ideal making life long friends along with amazing colleges at work has not been a subject i am unexperienced to. the hardest part of the job would have to be the seasonal time period when productivity was at a all time high for seasons and many many orders had to be filled out. the most enjoyable part of the job was actually all day majority of the day as cliche as that sounds its true Amazon is an ideal place to work at besides the constant layoffs. ", " i loved it very fast working great co workers full of positive energy  management was great always taking care of us hard days were cyber mondays ", " Horrible safety ethic, managers play favorites, life/work balance is miserable. (seriously, work, home, sleep, work, 6 days a week.) ", " -A typical day at work: receiving product to exceed productivity expectations. -One thing I've learned is how to stand out from the crowd. -There are leaders in place to ensure proper workflow. -My co-workers are people from all walks of life. -The hardest part is knowing that opportunities for advancement is limited. -The most enjoyable part of the job is interacting with new people. ", " You have your good days and you have your bad but it is a job not my career ", " AMAZON is a clean and very secure place to work. no matter what location of the building you worked in you could see that management and you coworkers made the effort to help you out and make sure everything was safe. Amazon is a very large building  but each section has its goal I worked in packing where you pack out costumer orders and solve problems with orders such as damaged items and canceled orders.the fun part about this job was management and crew communication if the floor did not make quota we understood it was us as a team that needed to push harder. because we are all co owners in the company. ", " To start, most employees enter Amazon through a temp agency and if they are in the right place at the right time (usually holiday season if you survive the rat race) then employees will get an offer to apply to become \"converted\" as a full time amazon employee. Temp associates and Amazon associates do the same work except Amazon associates get benefits, and raises until you reach the capped raise in your tier level (will speak more on tier levels below)  A typical day working at Amazon fulfillment center depends on your position. You either enter into the warehouse as a Tier 1 associate and work your way up (becoming a manager will be rare for you if you  do it this way) or you come in as a manager (if you qualify for the manager position I suggest you ONLY apply straight into the management  position).   In Amazon there are (2) departments: Inbound and Outbound. I only know about outbound. In outbound you will be classified as a picker or a packer; and they mean EXACTLY what the name means. You either PICK customer purchases ALL day or you PACK customers purchases into boxes ALL day. All day meaning 10 hours for 4 days in a week. So imagine shopping all day putting random items in your \"cart' (aka picking) or being the store-bagger at the end of the cash register placing those purchases into a single box ALL day (aka packer).  Positions in Amazon fulfillment center are really easy, however, when you have to do something really easy over and over again it becomes very boring and hard on your body. You are not allowed to sit down except for at break ( you get two 15 min ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> breaks, but is really 9 min breaks depending on your location in the building and how fast you walk) and lunch (30 min).   to give a small background about me: I have my degree and was qualified for the manager position, however, I made the fatal mistake of thinking that I could \"work my way up\". Unfortunately, Amazon hires most of their managers (from what I saw in my building) from the College internship program so your manager will either be in their early 20's or beat down and a bit older because they worked their way up in the company for 6-8 years and FINALLY became manager (a rare event!) meanwhile the intern student/manager did a 3 month internship and got the position if they did well during the internship. (the much SMARTER way because working your body out is NOT worth it!)   By the way, Amazon fires their managers if they are not keeping up with \"performance\" at the end of 1 year. Managers are also on call 24/7 so I suggest you do NOT have a family. And if you are working at a warehouse in Florida, and receive a call that Amazon is shipping you to Seattle. Pack your bags for Seattle if you want to keep you management job.   other positions in the building go as follows: 1. Tier (1) warehouse associate, Tier 2 don't exist; Tier 3 is either safety, trainer, or PA (which is similar to supervisor) - majority of employees only want to make it to the tier 3 position because beyond that is considered stressful (tier 3 is also lateral so Amazon will switch around people already in the position to fill openings) Tier 4; is newbie manager or computer IT; Tier 5 is Manager; and Tier 6 is probably something like your managers-manager and anything past that does not matter...  To close this review, because it is getting too long. Just Google Amazon warehouse employee reviews or something like that and you will surely see ALL the complaints. There are the rare people who enjoy working in the warehouse job but they are usually workaholics with low standards. Majority of fulfillment associates despise working there  but deal with it to pay bills, and feel as if their is no other job options.   more info about me: I worked at Amazon for 2 years trying to work my way into the management position. within those 2 years I noticed that my body was degrading. My hands felt stiff in the morning, My feet became swollen while working on the dock (where packages are loaded into trucks), I suffered through back to back sprained groin muscles to the point that I could not bend, or walk and eventually I started to have breakdowns because I was exhausted, my body ached constantly and I became miserable which led me to give up trying for the management position and leave. Looking back, I wished I left sooner.  To officially end, the best part of working their was leaving and the worst part was everything else. The associates are nice if your not a drama-magnet. ", " - very sociable job - packing company - very hard physical labor - intense working hours - learned basic management skills ", " Twice I have worked here under many different roles. Treated like dirt on times. Break times were horrible due to the lack of time you had and distance to walk to the food hall. The job was do-able but wouldnt work here if i had other options ", " poor management, co-workers were not happy, overall could have been run better. should have more meetings that workers can attend to give their input on what should be done to make things better ", " The hours are long but the pay is good. Its nice to have a set schedule but being a single mom and having a child that just started school its hard to keep him on a routine because I don't get off work until 4am. ", " quite a keep to yourself type job. I would pick items from shelves and put them on a library cart, that would then get packed for shipment to customers. long days and physical labor. ", " i dont really want to make a comment on this company because they are such a shambles ", " I was hired for this job during the holiday rush. One thing to note about work at Amazon is that it's a completely impersonal job. As in, in the typical day, you go to a morning and lunch board meeting, where they talk about today's goals. You never get to know your manager by name, because they are not personally involved in your job. From there, you pick up a scanner, and go to work, scanning items into/out of the system, while keeping up a fast rate of work. The job itself isn't hard, but the fast pace is, as is the extreme isolation. Think, nobody to talk to for the bulk of the time. And if you do meet coworkers you are friends with, good luck with that. They routinely move employees to different sections, different floors, or different sides of the warehouse. This would be the hardest part of the job. The most enjoyable part was simply that for a temp job, you got a tremendous salary, and learned a ton of basic skills. I received salary in one week equal to two weeks of work at Walmart. ", " Poor company to work for, bad treatment of employees. No room for advancement, low wages. ", " going to different bins restocking, counting product, problem solving, and receiving new product into the warehouse. Checking in every new truck that came to the warehouse checking the safety of the trailer before entering and then doing the same for the release of the trailer from the warehouse. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Unfortunately, this is not an employer/environment that supports respect, balance, or security.  The best part of the experience has been the recruiter. Past the onboarding, it's been a living nightmare. ", " Each shift starts with a department meeting called a \" stand up \". We work hard packing large items customers order on the Amazon website. ", " One of the best jobs that I have ever had. I wish I could have stayed longer than I did. Great pay and wonderful experience. They truly care about their employees. ", " A typical day at work consisted of answering phones, and assisting customers with their games/software needs, including troubleshooting, walkthroughs, and referrals to vendors or manufacturers. ", " Great place to work, I learned excellent customer service skills up there and how to put the customer first. All the staff were amazing, helpful and friendly, including managers and operations. ", " Enjoyed a great year learning a lot and developing as an analytical thinker and salesperson.  It was a great environment to work in with a lot of great people. ", " I worked a seasonal job for PHX3 Amazon warehouse, doing any function I could get my hands on and excited to work ...They are well managed and ever improving, with a grasp on benifits and what their employees could use in their lives. ", " Amazon.com is an amazing company to work for; the employees are hard working, very productive and tons of fun to work with. All employees are passionate about their job and with that being said that pushed me to work harder each day. ", " Amazon is a great place to work in and the training is awesome hands on. The people and managers are a very great help . They work with you if you need help. And there's always work . The bad thing about it is that there should be fans near the stowing areas . ", " First and foremost I'm grateful for my job but I'm still looking for another job. A typical day is I walk anywhere from 12 to 14 miles a day. ", " I stowed items in the warehouse by size. I also did Heavy Dock work. Loading boxes and cutting boxes open. I learned to be a hard worker for 10 hours. Hardest part of the job was learning to be active for 10 hours overnight. I loved the workout. ", " Amazon does an amazing job of dangling a carrot in front of your face to get you in the door, then screwing you. No work life balance or job security. 14+ hour days. Terrible culture. Pays well though ", " This place will work with you if you are ethic group of people. You will get extra breaks if you are of that religion.They have there pick of the group in the area who get to bend the rules and nothing is said. ", " Everyone is open and acceptable of everyone who works at Amazon. The most enjoyable part of the job is knowing that what I do on a daily basis affects customers at home ordering online. ", " Great employer. Great hours and paid good. Just wish they would've kept me after seasonal since they said how fast I was and how great my work was overall ", " Pick orders for customers, display dedication an detail to customer orders. How Amazon is fast an efficient in getting orders out. How they succeed in business. Hardest part was the physical walking around 20 miles a day. ", " I enjoyed working at Tj MAX , It did not interfere with school or my studies. The environment was great and so was everyone there. ", " TYPICAL DAY AT AMAZON IS HARD WORK.  LEARNED ALL ABOUT A WAREHOUSE. MANAGEMENT IS VERY FRIENDLY. HARDEST PART IS BUILDING A PERFECT PALLET.  MOST ENJOYABLE PART OF THE JOB IS KNOWING YOU HAVE A JOB. ", " its was sometimes a great place to work, but other than that its stressful and you really have to be willing to work in any condition you are in. i would still be working there if i didn't get sick, because the hourly pay is wonderful ", " There were always new incidents to deal with I learned a lot as a safety specialist for example OSHA It wasn't hard to do you just have to stay on task to get it done it was a fun place to work "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a very fun and comfortable company to work for. Taking calls and working with many customer is very satisfactory, I learned a lot of details when it comes to assisting customers in many situations. The co-workers were very helpful in all situations, and very easy to get along with. There truly was not much of a hard part in the job. They provided a lot of detailed training and assistance. I enjoyed all aspects of my work here. ", " Enjoyable workplace large warehouse very busy environment.Pay should have been higher for work performed.Major drawback was the numerous delays with the robotic delivery of customer merchandise. ", " Amazing experience. I was able to effectively work from home. The company is very professional and they provide you with headsets too ", " Typical day at work walk all day or drive the order picker and pick items into a cart. Real basic job nothing special about it. ", " I had Learned quite a lot off things at amazon, and got on really well with the other staff/mangers... ", " Fast paced and technical workplace. Amazon is the best company I ever worked for. Great benefits, decent pay, and I worked with nice people. ", " pick item scan, make box, seal with invoice and item in, send down line and start again hardest part was hitting targets and standing in the same spot for 9 hours ", " A typical day at work is a review of the day's goals and how we can accomplish them. Management was friendly. ", " HR sucks, miss the people I worked with. I worked my butt off and was able to excel. Training was awesome ", " - Experienced worker of many skills and abilities in the beginning of their shift can make a choice, if they will do packing, sorting, gift wrapping or picking work for today, but later, if team leader or manager will find out, that some areas needs for support, some workers can be asked then to change their location for another one. - I learned how to work safely and quickly, providing the highest quality in the same time. - Management is skilled in their area, friendly for active part of workers. - Co-workers are very different from very withdrawn to very sociable and communicative. - The hardest part of the packer's job is to keep good mood and spirits during first weeks, because if not, then the work can become very very boring for them. - The most enjoyable part of the job is long every day briefing before shift begins. While managers and team leaders speak about targets, successes, work allocations, safety and quality, people can get more ready for productive shift, relaxing, having some kind of last rest before work is started. For gift wrappers can be enjoyable if they wrapped perfectly a gift of very difficult unusual form (not simple rectangular box, but cylinder, ball or polyhedron, so, need to think properly, how to wrap it) - so, after can show finished work to neighbor worker, making him wandering about it's unusual and nice view. ", " Amazon was a fast-paced enjoyable workplace where I learned a lot about the industry and technology used in warehousing/distribution. ", " Analyze issues and generate reports Learned SQL Good management Co-worker are sensitive due to pressure Physical challenge Lots of OT if you need money ", " A typical day at work start off with me dong my stretches and then going to my supervisor to see where they put me for that day. Its constant work so its a lot of working in a fast pace environment. I learned that I'm capable of multitasking and being able to keep up. Hardest part of my job was when there was absolutely nothing for me to do besides wait for more orders to be shipped out. The most enjoyable part of the job was being paid. ", " Maintain and develop components assigned. Have time to learn skill/knowledge you're interested in , such as AWS service SDK and so on. ", " dont work here. They're slave drivers and this is usually never a permanent position. ", " Amazon was a great place to work there was always work for me when i went in. It was really enjoyable to work there as i was always on the go and working hard. The main role of my job was a picker, i was shown how to use the picking gun and made aware that there was a time set and a target i had to achieve before the time had ran out. The staff at amazon were very helpful if ever i had an issue i could go speak to them. The hardest part of my job would have been pulling a full tote back to the allocated area. I enjoyed every minute of my job, its the right job for me. ", " The warehouse scene was not very glamorous, but I feel I was very productive there and I couldn't complain about the pay. ", " IT WAS ALONG DRIVE FROM OKLAHOMA TO KANSAS AND THE HOURS WERE LONG. ", " A typical day would consist of sorting and processing retail using a scanner. Working third shift 10 hours a night, 3 days a week. I learned to work both alongside my peers, and as a separate entity within the work site at my station. Our workload was on a rigorous side; we moved boxes, cut open boxes, and counted items inside. I experienced first hand the retail transitions of goods between consumers companies and buyers such as amazon. ", " Amazon has the most unrealistic measurable \"rates\" (read: quotas) I have ever seen. If you have a certain number of items to be packed, sorted or pulled they want no excuses. example - - if you are required to process/sort , say, 500 items per hour but spend over half that time waiting for items to be brought to you they don't care, you are still expected to process 500 items in an hour. This is most often physically impossible. Likewise if you are packing orders they expect 60 (later 80) items packed per hour (including enclosures and outside labels) but do not allow for changing tape dispenser, problems with the air pillow machine, conveyor stoppage or lack of cartons needed to pack the items they don't want to hear about it.. Also for packing your work station changes from day to day, with different locations for tape dispenser, air pillow machine and cartons at each location. This makes improving on your rate nearly impossible. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Managers don't really know what their doing, honestly. Horrible leadership. That said, very flexible schedule, great work/life balance and your paid very fairly for the work you put in, ", " I was hired during Peak Season, which meant they hired everyone. Work wasn't too bad, my only problem was finding space, making space, and keeping up with their productivity number.  Being in peak season, most of my coworkers were new, and stowing was difficult resulting from other peoples' sloppy stowing. We couldn't touch bad bins, or else we would be marked up too. This made my rate go down, which ultimately led to my termination.  I learned that in such a big company, the workers have little say in what goes on in the warehouse and the best we can do is just keep going. But I understood because of the demand from consumers.  Hardest part was getting write ups for being slow, and seeing other workers get no form of discipline for their sloppiness and reckless stowing.  The only thing that made it worthwhile is your coworkers and sharing our frustrations and venting during breaks. You come across people of all ages and who originate from different areas and backgrounds. ", " While this company emphasizes the customer experience, it really does not value the employee experience. If you are among the 75% that are doing the daily heavy \"lifting\" (stow, receive, pack, sort, etc) then you are required to work long hours, subjected to mandatory overtime year round, work above hours on concrete floors, have to factor walking time into your 2 15 minute breaks (breakroom is at least 3 minutes away from work areas so your break is really about 9 minutes). Unless you have IT skills, managerial skills really need the paycheck or just want benefits this is a dead end. If you have to come in through the temporary staffing agency (Integrity) then you are also subjected to their ridiculous \"trainers\" that do not know a thing. This is a good first step job, learn what you can and move on. ", " very physical work environment. long days. mandatory OT during peak season. oportunity for advancement is based on wether or not they like you, not on your ability ", " Start out with Production goals from Area Manager. After stand up meeting everyone works together to receive and stow as many packages as possible. ", " Hard labor job a lot of walking. No dress code you can come to work as comfortable as you want to just appropriate attire must be worn. Always offering VTO and VOT. ", " Working at amazon was an experience. It was my first time working in a distribution center and it actually wasn't that bad as i thought it would be ", " A job that keeps the work coming. The hardest part about the job is getting your body use to the work and all the walking. The best part of the job is you always get your work hours. I do enjoy meeting different types of people at this company. ", " was a busy time but I like to stay busy, the management was really great training and helping. I hope I'll get to go to work there full time after being seasonal. ", " I would go and pick orders ready to be carted to packing. I would also every now and then go through to packing and pack an order ready to be shipped away. I got on really well with all my co-workers and boss's. it was a long day but I always enjoyed it. ", " If you start working here please be sure to wear good reliable comfortable shoes you do a lot of walking. It is a hard laboring job. ", " I would not recommend anyone to become employed with this company. A better management team and system is highly needed. ", " I did not like this job at all they only hired for 2 weeks and then the position ended. granted it was a lot of standing on your and putting things in the correct bins, but It was way to time consuming. the co-workers was nice, and I the enjoyable part was getting off work. ", " Great place to work for people in search of a long term career.  Encouraged to move around within the organization, and highly supported; although an intense work atmosphere. ", " Compensation here is good. Typical days can range from all hands on deck, to dead as a door nail. Everyone is great fun, no one allows you to wear a frown!   Time keeping is strict, but the rewards are amazing! ", " A very fast paced work place. Great benefits. Employees and management very friendly. Great opportunity for growth in company. Day and night shifts 10 hrs four days a week. ", " I loved that I was able to work from home at this job. It also helped that it had a great easy going management and tons of off time that came with the position. ", " management is nice ,listen to employees. hardest part of the job is the targets per hour. some times it is hard to meet them, ", " Very fast paced work environment.  Management could use some additional training. Compensation could have been better, but I admire them for being a very strong customer oriented company ", " A typical day consists of speed walking to meet expectations where you average over 15 miles a day.  No real clear knowledge of who your manger was and they had high turnover as well "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " nice place to work. great coworkers, nice pay, good management. ", " easy place to grow and move up sometimes hard to meet production rates co workers fun and teamworkers management laid back and helpful ", " did a little bit of everything in the building they were not fair when it came to the area you were assigned to there were many issues ", " start at 23;45 have a briefing,make sure all cages are set up correctly on assigned route.label cages.collect scanned parcels of the belt and put them into the correct cages.unload wagons using a pump truck and placing work by correct belt.re-start belt work. scan the shipments after all work has been received and pack cages ", " the typical day at amazon for me is 6:30am to 5pm, two 15 minute breaks and one 30 minute. standing through out the day, walking an stowing items. i have learned how to use a hand held scan gun, mantain standing for a long period of time, and using my time wisly. managment is okay for the most part just some need to work on there people skills. my co-workers are great we enjoy one another an always work as a team. the hardest part of my daily job sometimes is standing for the amount of time needed, but over all i enjoy amazon. ", " It's a very physical job but it's a fun place to work at. Amazon has a lot of incentives for their employees to promote. I would highly recommend Amazon to any family members or friends. ", " This is a contracting company. There is little interaction with them after the initial hire. They would take us to lunch or happy hour about once a month. I have had them contact me while working for other jobs way before my contract was up which showed some intercommunication issues. They have followed up with some job leads since leaving the company. ", " Loved working for this company but the shifts were long which the body has to adjust to but the management is really nice and supportive. ", " Working for Amazon is not easy and they will tell you that in the beginning. If you are someone who loves to work hard and be rewarded then this job is for you. ", " Stow/Stocker, My work day consisted of a lot of high paced walking(jogging depending on how fast your going) for 10-12 hours a day for 4 days/nights a week. Loved working with people around me, and sometimes help each other to find space to put products on the shelves. The overall experience working at Amazon was enjoyable, and also can be the hardest on occasionally work days. ", "  \tHandled stock for shipment purposes.  \tMade sure that orders are ready for transportation  \tMarked and labeled product containers  \tChecked each individual product to ensure that its quality is up to mark   \tAny damaged products were isolated and reported.  \tPacked products into boxes with tissue paper.  \tWiped product with a wet towel if needed to shine it up.  \tUsed computer to report, scan products, and print out labels. ", " Answering phone calls and emails for customers who need help with their orders. I learned very good customer relation skills, however, we were severely judged by customers' reactions to how we helped them, making the work environment quite stressful at times.  The company is very generous to their employees as far as celebrating holidays and company goals. ", " The only thing that I didn't like to much was not enough work to keep me working, I liked working with people and working 4 days a week ", " I learned to work a faster pace in 30 minutes, I learned how to drive a forklift. The coworkers were ok to work with, they help time pass. ", " Could have been alot better at setting targets and the time limits. ", " You have to work really hard for low salary, high target are really hard to achieve, no air condition system, only 1 break time that means you have to work 4 hours without a break ", " Great management team, very helpful. Good work company to grow with. A lot of team projects, very hands on. ", " Hate they laid me off was making good money. worked nights, management was cool as long as you got the job done.. co- workers cool. The most enjoyable part of the job was payday ", " Excellent place to work. Provides growth for any individual to become a more developed leader. ", " the most enjoyable part of the job is the excellent training and the people that work there. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Meet alot of great poeple and was a good work excperacne just wish the uper managment would have been a little better. Mangers changed almost every two months in each department . . .  makes it hard on they assisactes ", " Checkin in/out trailers while managing people to load them. ", " Amazon is a good place to gain experience in retail and understanding how a business operates. ", " its a good place to work and meet new people the management and staff are excellent ", " i was assigned to different areas so i could learn different areas .the only bad thing about it is that it is to hard to get on first shift  i learned alot about recieving product in on a computer system ", " too much for me. Drama, Drama, Drama. Unfair treatment. they chose who they want to keep. Chose alcoholics and drug takers over sober people who are trying to make it better. ", " typical day i would unload trucks i learned how to work with others it was an okay job ", " A typical day would be doing one job to the next and then going to another area if they needed help there. Putting shoes on the self and having a friendly conversation from time to time. I learned a lot in a little time. I learned how to build work related relationships with my co-workers. How to apply team work into a working environment. I learned a lot of different skills and time management.    The management had its up and downs. I liked my managers and they helped me out a lot. Sometimes people felt they were favoritism being put in role. But I did enjoy having the feeling they were there for me and would help if I needed it. My co-workers were friendly and polite. They made the job fun and interesting. I met some great people while working there.   You always have those few rotten apples in the bunch but management did a good job at getting them out. The hardest part of the job was the adjusting to moving departments two or three times a day. Once you got the hang of it that all came natural. The most enjoyable part of the job was the \"family time\" you get when we would have culture days. Those were days when they take maybe 15-30 minutes off the work day and do activities in the warehouse to get you involved and meet people you work with and get to know them better. ", " It was fun, met new customers and was able to expand myself with interactions each day ", " This a solid job with challenging tasks. It gives you a good work-life balance. They treat you well here and the pay is good. ", " very aggressive, disorganized and badly managed place to work for ", " Having a productive day working between 8-10 hours a day. I learned how to handle different type of materials in warehouse. My management team are fun to be around and are also great leaders. The hardest part of my job is fighting the urge of sleepiness. The most enjoyable part of my job is interacting with my co-workers. ", " Fast paced work place not suitable for everyone, 10 hour work days on your feet going up and down stairs on a normal basis. management is usually friendly and willing to help you with any questions you have, if they cant help you they know someone who does. ", " i was always there by 6am didnt have to clock in till 6.55 id get some coffee wake up a bite then when came time i would clock in we would have a stand up meeting every morning the board would tell me which side my team was on cause there was two working sides id work on what ever side they decided.i would work for two hours as fast as i could then we'd have a fifteen minute break then work for another two hours as fast as i could then have a 30 minute lunch then after lunch wed have another stand up meeting and the board would show in numbers how good or bad we were doing as far as how fast or slow we was going when putting up items we would do our stretches then hed back out for the remainder of the day. ", " As a problem solver I would help fixed problems with inventory such as unrecognizable bar codes and non existent bar codes.  I would also help with locating items placed in wronged stow bins or missing items from stowing carts.  Also recording items as damaged if the items were considered unsatisfactory to ship to a customer. I learned a lot about how warehouse work can be and how organized a warehouse needs to be to run effectively.  The management was a challenge because some would leave and a new one would come in from a department different from where I worked. The co-workers were an incredible enjoyment to be around mostly because everyone got along. The hardest part of the job was just dealing with issues that not even the managers knew how to deal with.  The most enjoyable part of the job was getting to meet and interact with people of different ages and backgrounds. ", " Fast paced, everybody worked job to get their jobs done.  Most of the people were very nice. Big turn over rate. Not a lot of room for advancement though. ", " always stayed busy, a repetitive workplace, I learned basically all the functions of operating in a warehouse, the most enjoyable part about the job was peak season. ", " amazon has been a great place to work i have enjoyed working with all kinds of people young and old and from all around the world.I work the  second shift  and its from 6pm to 4:30 am and its the hardest part of my job.I enjoy seeing whats in the warehouse for sale and making sure its their to make our customers happy with their orders. ", " I really enjoy the people that I do work with. Amazon just has a huge turn over rate that I am not comfortable with. Not just with with employee but with management as well.  The hardest this about the jobs there is the stress of making your rate. ", " Normal wherehousing place, nice people simple work and long hours. Worked 4 Ten hours shifts. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " No room for advancement within the company. Amazon employs an in-house temp service, therefore you're reminded everyday that you can easily be replaced. This causes a drop in morale and motivation among the employees. ", " not a good company to work for, not good for your health. There's too much lead to breath in and you must be tested for that every month. ", " Nobody deserves to have multiple bosses cracking a whip, telling you you arent going to last in the job. Not meant for anyone who has hopes or dreams, stay in school, and stay away from amazon. (unless you are the one shopping) ", " You are pretty much just considered a number in the warehouse and not thought of as much more than that. The pay was decent but management and everyone I believe could care less about people individually it was all about you production. ", " If all your looking for is a job and don't mind repetitive mindless work. This is the place for you. If you want a career then i would not recommend. ", " Not the ideal place to be employed, long hours and bad working conditions. ", " a very good place to work. its very diverse and always hiring new people. the associates a very easy to get along with and they pay pretty well too. great opportunities for growth in the company. ", " very great with worth and pay makes you feel like the work you have put in is definitely worth the pay. learned how to work and pace myself in a fast environment. my co workers were very helpful and always helped me push myself. the most enjoyable part of the job would be know that your co workers have your back and are willing to help you. makes you feel like your wanted and part of a team. ", " Overall nice place to work. Management was nice. Schedule was perfectly organised. great environment. I would go back and work if I had the chance. Shifts are good ", " you can never find anyone in charge and nothing is ever there fault. it is a horrible place to work. sometimes you can go in and they don't even know what your doing that day ", " I work from home using my own computer. Amazon provided me with a phone, webcam, headset, and other materials I would need to complete my duties. I participate in flex scheduling, so I can work when it's best for me. Calls are routed to a home phone line and I help customers solve their issues with orders, or any other question they might have. ", " Make sure you ask about oncall duty. Even software developers need to carry a pager all the time. And it's not a fun thing when you get paged several times per night. Environment is so so. Technologies used is so so. It also depends a lot in your group. My group just uses dated stuff. ", " Everything is great . but with great comes very hard work and tons of reason to get wrote up . you never really feel like your job is safe. ", " This job is wonderful as long as you are physically fit as it does require you to be in your feet all day. Even physically fit individuals have some problems with body pains on a daily basis. Otherwise I love it here. ", " Very good pay and a set schedule was nice. Management was always changing things without knowing the best way to actually change it and then blamed the employees for being slower then before when we had no help. Management was very frustrating to deal with. ", " It was fun and exciting working for Amazon Warehouse, I leant new skills and I was happy  with the Management team .They were friendly and approachable. I enjoyed every minute of my job. ", " I walked 12-15miles per night. Picking up customers orders on a cart and taking them to be packed out. I learned how to use a scanner. The management was good and my co-workers were great. I hardest part was the walking. The most enjoyable part was meeting all types of new people ", " a terrible place to work for temporary staff as you are on a 48 hour contract which can be terminated at any point including mid shift ", " If you are looking for a job where you punch in for your 8 hours, do the same work everyday and do the same job for years, this is not the place for you. I personally enjoyed the amount of challenges at Amazon, and the great thing is you can design your own career path, find your own interests and challenges and pursue those. The experience you can have at Amazon is what you make of it, and if you put the effort in, you can quickly grow your career here. Likewise if you don't put in the effort, you may not last very long. Amazon continually pushes for process improvement, which infinitely provides great opportunities to take the initiative and own a project or process improvement from beginning to end.  They also have their own program that is a mix of LEAN and Six Sigma called ACES, and not only encourage people to participate in this but also require certain people on teams to go through the training. From what I've heard, your experience can be very different depending on the organization or department you're in, or who your manager is. I've had some good experiences with a manager that I was able to outline my goals with, and she helped to ensure those opportunities were there for my growth.  I continually got feedback and weekly 1:1 time with my manager which is great to ensure you're meeting expectations in the short-term, as well as what you can work on for your long-term goals.   There are always fun events going on on campus in Seattle - if you can find the time to sneak away from your desk to join in. Lots of people bring their dogs to the office, which is great ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> when you need a break to regain your energy by playing with the dogs. The company holiday party is by far the coolest perk; it's a huge party that books huge bands, we had Weezer play at the 2014 party.   There are some downsides that come with the growth of the company, a lot of processes that once made sense are no longer sustainable with the quickly growing volume of employees. This can make the every-day workload unmanageable and can make it difficult to find time for meaningful projects. We often have to create our own systems or tools to take on the volume, which still won't be as sustainable as investing in bigger systems to help with the workflow (such as WorkDay). In HR, we were finding ourselves in the situation with less and less headcount despite the ever growing population of employees, which certainly leads to stress and burnout. The regular work week was more like a minimum of 50 hours, but most of us worked more like 60 hours a week, including working from home after being in the office and continually being available via email, as well as working weekends to try and catch up on the workload. ", " Amazon employees were most of the time friendly &amp; the environment was nice, but it definitely had its days. Working 10 hour shifts being on your feet is hard work, but the pay was nice. I learned that in a warehouse to worry about how hard you are working &amp; not other's. As long as you did your job correctly the days were decently easy. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " leaned cisco, and networking, shared my experience with other employees, learned new programming languages, learned linux. ", " I worked at amazon for 10 months, i had a really good time working at amazon in the night shift 7:00 pm to 5:30 am  in the night i was required to work in two different departments end of line and sort, in amazon i learned how to use scanner's manual and automatics pallet jack etc. the most difficult departments was end of line in the case mods because some times i had to carry cases of 50 and 60 pounds but i was okay with that. i enjoyed everything of amazon they have good benefits for employers and good managers . ", " Restaurant Fernando is a familiar restaurant, and it a great work for everybody, the management is always helping the employees. ", "  \tFollowed set procedures for stowing books and stuffs in their proper shelves  \tPicked orders per order lists ", " 3 years worked there and no respect employees are never informed of anything you are just a number period. If you can live with that go for it.  Over 3 years i had close to a dozen indirect/direct managers. If you do not hit rate you are written up end of discussion even you had faulty or damaged equipment to do job and also if there is no work available to do (crazy, right?!!!) Management also starting sending out little worker bees like the gestapo if you were at the bathroom to long (which are almost always a quarter mile away) to come and ask you what was going on and chances are it will lead to a write up for time off task. OH! and get a load of this one fire alarm went off building next store(connected) pouring rain somewhere in the 40 degree weather we were forced to stand outside with no cover for 45 min+. Finally these doofuses opened the emergency kits and got us ponchos once we were drenched and allowed us to walk to the front of the building for minimal cover as we sat there for another 45+, then we are finally allowed to re enter the building and they distribute a vendor buck worth 1 single dollar that only works in certain machines and management tells us to buy a coffee and to get back to work in soaking wet freezing t shirt, sweatshirt, boxers, sneakers,pants and anything else under no circumstances were you allowed to leave unless you had used your own personal time and if you were lucky they threw you a pair of socks thank you so very much Amazon! ", " A lot walking.. great exercise.. but their quick to lay u off when they don't need you ", " A typical day at work will involve at the start planning how the event will be run, dividing employees into a group of team and following a well planned strategy that suits everyone. while working here, my confidence has increased, My communication skills are improving and the ability to plan and organise have now become a part of my everyday life. I am now able to adapt and adjust to different scenarios. the people I work with are excellent and are helpful. the hardest part of the job is mainly planning but it has to be done. the most enjoyable part of the job is having to do the job ", " good days off but hard to get a permanent position. security at door everymorning ", " is at 10 hours 4 days shift.  two departments. the managers are excellent but, most of the PA are unprofessional.  Nice place to work ", " By far one of my best places to have worked. The supervisors are great communicators and helpful. Very professional too. Although it was a very hot, fast paced environment, the atmosphere was stress free. I learned computer skills, shipping skills and the importance of stretching before work. The hardest part of the job was the conveyor belts in the multi packing as if you are the only one rampacking and three or four are packing, it can get pretty backed up but the supervisors were always \"on the job\" to see you got help. The most enjoyable part was the stress free atmosphere as everyone I worked with seemed to be happy at their jobs. ", " walking alot,its all easy work. co-workers are easy to get along with as well as the managers. learned some stuff about shipping . ", " Very little training and harsh learning curve, especially for new starting employees. ", " The job itself payed well, and the staff and management was nice. The only problem, and the reason I left, was the fact that it was incredibly physically demanding, in that I had to move constantly for about 10 hours a day with few short breaks and a 30 minute lunch.  The expected rate for packing was ridiculous. I was expected to pack, depending on the size and amount of items in a box, 70 - 150 items per hour. ", " Management is not up to Par and avg lifespan is 2 yrs before burnout. The golden handcuffs called stock is  a suckers bet at Amazon because it is part of your salary when review and raises come but you can only sell it 2 times a year when everyone else is , driving down the price.  Total circuit job ", " Wake up when you want, In my case 9 am. Start up the computer, load up multiple pages and split between monitors and wait for work to come in. Following forums and scripts for work most of the day. No guarantee of any hourly or salary pay. This job is what you make it. ", " A typical day at work is finding your assigned work and finishing the work in a timely fashion. Co workers were very friendly, cooperative, down to earth and very helpful. Management communicated effectively. Learned subtle skills in efficiency. Would recommend to people looking for short term work but not for long term work. ", " A typical day at work would require stretching prior to beginning my shift. The building is huge and there is a lot of walking and pushing of carts full of products that need to be put on shelves. The hardest part of the job is finding enough spaces on the shelves for the products and having to put a certain amount of products in a specific period of time. Management would always encourage room for improvement when having issues. Most co-workers would be separated into different sections so they could concentrate on their work. Monthly bonuses was very much appreciated as well as pizza parties and nacho and pretzel days. Human Resources would also hold monthly Birthday round tables for people who had birthdays on specific months. ", " i really enjoyed working at this warehouse i learned to stock, inventory, stocking, receiving etc.. i enjoyed working at amazon ", " It is a tough job however it is well worth it when you get overtime and guarantee not to lose your job. Good atmosphere ", " they treat you like rubbish and management so weak they don't have a clue on what they are doing "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I create works of fiction. The hardest and most enjoyable part of this job are one and he same; writing seamless characters that are embedded in a book that others want, and look forward to reading. ", " I am a warehouse working with amazon I so love this job the people the workers etc... ", " Great place to work for a few years, but depending on the group you're in, you could burn out quickly. ", " Loved working for this company but the shifts were long which the body has to adjust to but the management is really nice and supportive. ", " Fun place to work, learnt a lot, fun part was learning new processes and new products ", " Many tasks are monotonous and too repetitive, which quickly leads to disinterest and burn-out, There is no opportunity for advancement and training in desired areas. Having to repeatedly ask management for fair opportunity to cross-train in requested departments is frustrating. Many ambassadors and some members of management are rude and act as if any question you ask them is a dumb question. I've seen some management members humiliate employees in front of everyone else in the department at stand-up if they make the smallest error instead of coming to that person directly to bring correction.Moving people to departments (that are considered the hardest in which to make rate due to impossible conditions and standards) that they did not apply for and telling them they must transfer or risk losing their jobs is a deceptive and back-handed ploy which only has the bottom line in mind instead of the success of those employees. ", " management is very slack but its a very easy but physically demanding job ", " Amazon.com is typical of any warehouse work environment. It requires medial work with long hours and lots of overtime. ", " clock in. attend morning stand up meeting pick orders until break time come back pick orders till lunch come back from lunch attend afternoon stand up meeting pick until afternoon break come back pick until it is time to leave ", " yea not much to say you work talk and go home management is fine  coworker are there ", " I learned to pack item's ordered, to regulation, ready to be shipped out.  A typical day involved clocking in / out, and working to a tight time schedule. ", " on a regular day we get a certain amont of items we have to shipout through out the day. our goal is to succeed and failure is neber the option. Ten hours four days a week is mandatory, with over time sometimes. ", " When I started at BOS1 I was wide-eyed and hopeful. 3 years later I hate it. I was able to be trained on several process paths and I'm very thankful for all the experience I have been given but I have no love left for the job and I want to do other things in life than going there everyday and stowing, picking, packing, and occasionally scan pack or ship sort. It's boring and repetitive, the only think keeping me there is a lack of available jobs in the area, and of course my friends there. Management was good back then when they just sat at their table and left the work to us. Stuff got done that way. But with all the changes being made by higher ups that don't even work in the tiny building attempting to make us, BOS1, like all the rest of the buildings in the network. We're losing our identity fast and I'm positive this place won't last past 2 more years. The heat in the summer is also a negative, instead of just spending the money to keep us cool with AC, they just throw in two more big fans and a Squincher machine. It's not enough to keep us cool. I understand and respect their drive to try and improve our building but it's only making things worse for the Tier 1 Associates. BTW a pay raise for Tier 3's? I call bull on that, good sir. I can stand around doing a couple algebra problems and hitting F5 all day too. Whatever, that pay is good and the benefits are great. Those are all that's good about it, otherwise this job sucks. ", " I really appreciate the opportunity to be on the ground floor of the VCC-Work From Home division with Amazon.com. I got a chance to challenge myself and prove that I can work in a position with little supervision. ", " a typical day at work would be very quiet. Even when you where the most expensive and comfortable shoes. Your feet will kill you from standing or walking all day. Seen to many people quit due to that. Management was demanding. Very demanding. Hardest part about the job is standing up straight in one spot. I didn't really enjoy it to be honest. ", " a typical day at work was standing in a little cubical type spot and putting 1 item in a box tapiong it up and sending it on to shipping ", " Amazon customers are generally happy, so as far as working at a call center goes, this is probably one of the better options available.  Amazon often has new things up their sleeve, so things are often interesting.  Managers are generally good to very good. Co-works have been friendly, helpful and encouraging.  Benefits are sub-par by my standards, but do include low cost health care, small amount of stock that vests after a couple years and other benefits.  Pretty generous with Time Off and when/how you use it. You can call in sick after your shift starts, for example. But if you run out of Time Off, they do not like it one bit. ", " Learned a lot. Was able to help with a couple major projects. ", " I enjoyed my time with Amazon. I enjoyed working with my co-workers and the pay was good. ", " With good guiding principles, smart data-driven decision making, and great compensation/benefits for full-time employees, Amazon can be a fantastic place to work. But the corporate culture of Amazon does not promote a healthy work/life balance, and trying to land a full-time position can be daunting and puzzlingly difficult. Some people will find the hands off, self-directed management style of Amazon refreshing, but poor coordination between different departments and the mishmash of stopgap tools used from team to team can make most projects unnecessarily difficult. Still, working at Amazon can be very rewarding if you're interested in the task and can deal with the ambiguity. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Positions range from stationary work to high volume walking throughout shift. Some supervisors are really good at helping; others have a fit when you ask. Some departments don't want to do their jobs - they just tell you to reference a guide and do it yourself. Most of the co-workers are lazy and just want to sit around and talk all night. There is a lot of heavy lifting involved in all positions. ", " The clinic could see between 4 and 35 patients a day for work related and non work related illness and injuries. I had 8 different managers in the 5 years I worked there. The last manager became  a micro-manager and this was the hardest part of my job. I established and kept the department organized and was given no recognition for the hard work put into the department. I would say the most enjoyable part of the job was seeing the associates and assisting them to get better. ", " my co-workers are very friendly. my job require me to stand for 10 hours which is very uncomfortable. I have learned that you have to be very careful with the packages. The most enjoyable part of my job is the breaks ", " This is only a job for marathon athletes. I worked in stow, which amazon will outright tell you, it's the hardest position they have. Pushing around a u-boat with 12 totes full of goods and stocking those goods into bins all night/day. Especially difficult when stocking larger items when there is nowhere to put them, cause all the bins are already full. Go, go, go as fast as you can! Ambassadors, or  \"coaches\" down your neck every hour. And breaks-what breaks? By the time you get to the break room, you immediately have to turn around to start trekking back to scan an item at the precise moment to avoid being written up for being late. Same with lunch. It's all rigged- managers can change your rate depending on if they like you or not. All the blue badges are nothing but butt-kissers on power trips. The work/life balance does not exist. On your off days, your body is hurting too bad to get out of bed, much less spend time getting household chores done, or spending quality time w/ family. I was so overworked and dehydrated, that even eating became a challenge. I do not ecommend working here, especially if you are a woman over 35-it's just too physically demanding, hot and overbearing. ", " shipping, posting products. no co-workers. shipping prices. ", " A typical day at works start with a group stretch and flex along with a motivational pep talk. Once that is over everyone grabs a cart, totes, and a RF gun and everything is like a race. ", " amazon fulfillment is among the best place. work week is 4 days only so work and life is balanced as you get more personal time.  Management is so fun to work with they listen to problems from associate and actually do solve them and the best part they are always smiling and willing to help.  working at such productive and happy place long hours even go quicker. ", " Amazon offers an amazing work environment. The hours were good and the pay was better than most. ", " Learned how to do inventory control and problem solving. It does get really busy during Christmas time and there are a lot of people there so it will be VERY busy ", " I am happy to work for a company who looks out for their employees and looks past a persons disabilities but instead looks for their strong points. ", " The environment is great however the HR is completely all over the place. I was training people to do there jobs and they were getting promoted to leads and still asking for advice. Pay is decent, very hard work. ", " my priorities are : to balance and control the flow of my shift. i am responsible for staffing and labor moves to ensure the perfect balance in order to run a smooth shift. and also maximize productivity. i have learned that i am in control of MY OWN success and growth. my management is ok. i enjoy engaging with my associates to give them that extra push and energy in the workplace. the most enjoyable part of my job are the associates. and waking up and doing everything all over again. ", " If you like walking and the quiet this is the perfect job for you, just make sure that you hit the required quota or else you may find your quiet world a little louder. The job benefits and people wise is great, even the work place is great. The rules and guidelines though are sometimes to strict for some human beings, as I found out. Although my time here was short I never really had one complaint about this job. ", " A typical day at Amazon consist of being on your feet for 10 hours with short breaks with tedious work. I have learned that sometimes your best is not good enough. Management made things very challenging for people and pushed everyone to work past limitations. Some can handle it and others can't. You weren't permitted to talk much depending on who you worked for. The hardest part of my job was staying awake, the work is so repetitive and tedious that in a way its boring. The most enjoyable part of the job is when you get to switch positions and get trained in something new. ", " People are nice but the way the warehouse is run is not human like! ", " A typical day consisted of lots of walking but it ended up being a little worth it in the end because you were praised for your work ", " i really enjoy working there. work is hard but you do get use to it. the hard part id walking.the best part is leaving. ", " Energetic, fast pace environment. I would say very strict. This job will actually keep you in shape. I like the job its the distance. ", " working at amazon was a very fast pace job but it kept me in shape ", " The company is careless. And because they are a major online retailer (the Walmart of the internet) they feel they can do whatever. I would come in at 630pm and start my days. We would walk more like a light jog through out a million square foot warehouse. it would be so hot, and injuries through the roof that no one reports because the managers want their incentives. I messed up my back from walking on concrete for 10.5 hours. the most gruesome hours and I couldn't function made me cranky. The policies literally change everyday, and HR isnt held accountable for all their errors. People work for the money, but its not worth my body falling apart in my 20s or me being depressed. Ill work at mcdonalds and take a 3.50 pay cut just for my sanity. by the way I was diagnosed with major depression after being at this company. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Working with a team of 5 developers and focusing on model, view controller, developing j2ee technologies, Database integration ", " Very friendly work environment. Productivity was very high thanks to the constant positive feedback from the supervisors always being close to the workplace. Work floor was wide open and well ventilated. Supervisors were understanding and kind. ", " loved it. it was a great environment. very fun. loved the atmosphere loved the people. loved the setting. and how it was fast paced ", " pretty easy pace, lots of walking but easy to catch onto the work. fun environment. managers and coaches where always available to help with anything. great leadership. ", " not a bad place to work. a very busy place with something going on all the time. No time to play around for anyone. On changing shifts had to check with out going guards to see what had been happening and any new business that might effect me. Majority of time things went pretty smooth. ", " they have stand up where everyone is advise what needs to be done that day, you report to you job sight ASAP, 2- 15 minutes breaks and 30 minutes lunch. Must scan within the given time.  I enjoyed the work and staying busy.  The hardest was picking, you walk 10-14 miles per day. ", " did a little bit of everything in the building they were not fair when it came to the area you were assigned to there were many issues ", " One of the best environment to work for those who want to develop themselves and are open to challenges. A platform for reaching out to you professional and career goal ", " A typical day consists of two 15 min breaks and a half hour lunch four days working and three days off. The employee performance is based on a rate required to have knowledge of several different machines through out ware house and knowledge of all amazon procedures and policies. Hardest part of the job is sometimes making rate especially during busy season easiest part is learning order picker (vehicle to pick items). ", " my day involves of loading and unloading carts full of items. I learned how to work at a steady pace and the management were tough at times.l but they worked with me and my great co-workers. the hardest thing about the job was walking 10-15 miles a day, but the best part about the job was the workout ", " I basically over saw the store and the employees on my shift . The general manager was rarely ever there so, I usually closed the stores and , distributed the checks on pay day. If a customer ever had an request issue or problem while being assisted by employees under me I made sure that I made the customer feel right . The hardest part was making all of the employees believe that all of the customers are always right even when they are wrong. ", " Amazon has a great atmosphere and it has very laid backday to day culture. Management is usaually very friendly and approachable. ", " Working for Amazon is not easy and they will tell you that in the beginning. If you are someone who loves to work hard and be rewarded then this job is for you. ", " I like to push myself hard , meeting targets gives me motivation has well has people skills and working beside a team or on my own .   I found the hardest part of my job was having a time limit of 60 seconds to complete a pick order then move on to the next order but I enjoyed it has it kept me on my feet.   I liked the different type of people who worked with me everyday was so different and I enjoyed it. ", " 10 hour days is way too much on people...Your feet begin to hurt really bad after about two days of the 10 hour shift.The atmosphere is quite pleasant and the supervisors are very nice and understanding...There is no pressure to compete and it is very organized...Makes for a very comfortable and productive work experience. ", " At first the work seemed difficult to handle but with more dedication to learn how to be productive and quality efficient it all got easier to deal with. I learned how to work really well under pressure and according to the required time frames given, made new friends whilst on breaks and being supportive when working with others. The workplace is very much a target based environment but i did enjoy myself during my contract. ", " They take great care in training you to prepare yourself to meet quotas.  It gets very hectic during the popular gift giving holidays, but they usually hire more people during those times to take the stress off you to meet the higher quotas.  The break times are sufficient for the pace of work and they are very flexible with your personal schedule. ", " I would perform every function in running the business as I was the owner and only employee. I would acquire/purchase items for resale then list/sell the items online. I would also perform accounting functions as well as shipping/packaging the items. Every duty entailed in running an online business I performed myself. ", " My primary responsibilities were to scan and pack orders while making sure that every issue or damaged item was taken care of appropriately. I also helped people around me with anything they needed. ", " A typical day consist of morning stretches, productivity goals, and standing for long periods of time. I have learned to find different ways to work efficiently to satisfy our customers.Must co workers are productive while others are not. The hardest part of the job is standing for ten hours straight. There weren't any parts of the job that I enjoyed it was cut and dry. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Is a good place to work for depends on one's overall ambitions. It offers alot of benefits ", " good member team torgther hard work.. i am deaf.. teacher america sign language some poeple like learned sign language easy communcation team  ..helper around dept different make me learn fast and good skills my hand .....well-developed working warehouse.Cooerative and fleible team player;equally effective working independently. Abilitiy to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple task.. ", " I'd rather not write a review..but i will say this....this is a good starter job for someone out of High School or a retiree. ", " Working at Amazon was an enjoyable experience. Learning new things with positive co-workers surrounding you, motivating you to work harder. ", " Fun to be a part of team each year that consistently sets new records for the network.  IND1 is the highest volume facility in the NA network and is the backbone for the company. ", " Poor treatment of associates. Overbearing with rates and production quotas. good opportunity for advancement. ", " very productive company. i liked it very much. i would reccomend it to anyone who wanted a warehouse job. ", " Productive work place. Straight to business. Coworkers made it enjoyable. Managers would play music trying to make is easy. Making rate was somewhat complicated, however making friends was memorable. ", " They have a great job benefits, there are a lot of opporunities to advance in, and great work enivronment. ", " Achieved much need experience in the Warehouse industry, and it's employees, and management ", " Inability to promote associated in a timely manner. Not very career or employee morale driven ", " good co-workers, how not to manage a company, mass confusion ", " nice place to work and exercise, fun and a lot of incentives to keep you working fast ", " picking dept  management sometimes unfair. hardest part of job is peak season.  most enjoyable part of job is break time ", " Awesome place to work! Never felt uncomfortable with management or other co-workers, I felt my work was appreciated and I felt valued as an employee. ", " hardworking and fun you get what you put in. and they are very helpful. ", " Excellent Management, difficult to fit in, great pay, management has high expectation of MBA grads ", " a lot of walking. a lot of standing. but great coworkers. management was not that polite. ", " Great place with opportunities and great co-workers but the workload at this place can be very repetitive and will drive a normal person insane. I am use to the fast pace, on the move kind of jobs and if you are too then this job is not for you. If you do consider working here just be ready to stand at the same spot doing the same thing for 10 hours! ", " i am an account specialist. working for amazon is the greatest thing ever due to its culture and attitude for customer service "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " From free nerf guns to going home at 5pm, as a contractor I had the best of both worlds at Amazon. Some full time employees had to work nightmare shifts until midnight when *@&amp; hit the fan, but I was able to work hard 9-5 and ensure that I was a successful member of the team. ", " My time with Amazon has been a nice learning experience.  Very fast paced constantly changing role. My favorite part of the role is the ability to help the internal customers I serve. The most difficult part is the managements not giving consideration to home life and it's responsibilities. ", " I love working at Amazon, everyone there is like family and friends to me. It is so fun to work there learning new things every day ", " I would start work at 8am and finish at 6.30. I would perhaps learn a new area or task if I was required to do so. I learnt to be patient if I was training a new individual. I also learnt a lot about how the warehouse operated and learnt new computer skills. I found management very informative and very approachable for any reason. I built up great relationships with my co-workers and also found if I required help I could approach anyone to ask for information. Standing for long periods of time and sometimes learning new areas and computers could sometimes be a challenge. I enjoyed the work and the people and found this employer treated their staff well with different fun activities and treats for break times. ", " Responsibilities: 1. Strategically planning for future opportunities. 2. Ensures that best seller products reach their full potential. 3. Using data to optimize the sales volume and profitability of all designated product areas. 4. Familiarize myself with weekly bulletin and plans to ensure I deliver a quality services to the organization.  5. I ensure all Off Fixture Displays and supporting Point of Sale is sited as instructed in the bulletin.  6. I support and assist my team to provide customers with the best possible offer and availability.  7. I provide excellent customer service as part of my role. 8. I get involved in coaching of new starters, co-coordinating my team Rota\u2019s &amp; attendance and communicating key messages. 9. Hard working and totally customer focused and also have the knack to spur my team to give customer\u2019s great service - delivering Every Little Helps. 10. I make decisions on day-to-day basis on behalf of my team and of course provide support to my section/department manager. ", " My time working at Amazon.com in their Customer Service team was time well spent. The most enjoyable part of the job was often the most challenging - assisting customers with their issues and resolving problems in new and creative ways. Later as a CS Lead, I was able to assist CSAs with both their professional and personal development. ", " Amazon is working on disrupting the market across many different fronts and its a very exciting place to work right now. ", " Tough work environment that demands the most out of its people. Rewarding and provided a solid foundation for any operations leader. ", " go to whereever you were asked to go and put stuff away management was good co-workers is hard to say i statyed to myself worked alone hardest part of job the disorganization teh besty part of job it was interesting ", " i worked at amazon as a forklift operator and ship dock assitant i can drive all machhines... ", " Like any warehouse job, it will require a lot of energy, and endurance. It's not a bad job choice if your seeking to improve your life financially. Management has been in &amp; out which causes lower morale. Co-workers are sometimes friendly but sometimes they segregate themselves with certain people which cause those to feel uncomfortable. The job requires (depending on where you are place in each department) standing, walking, lifting, and sitting for eleven hours. It is a four day job for which you receive three days off. It does have annual employee incentive programs to recognize employees for their effort. Even so, they throw annual events for it's employees. ", " no consistency between departments,  Management wants 100% from employees at all times are you will be fired after three write ups.   one department has different standards with this policy, favoritism is used throughout the work place.  employees getting written up and fired for 97% or 99% productivity, ", " It was a good opportunity but the people who were in charge weren't very professional at all. ", " not a comfortable work environment, could not talk to co-workers and would be written up for no reason. ", " Team meeting at start of shift look to see which task you were assigned to or if you was to be trained on something else I was trained to receive goods onto the system initially, I was then trained to cubiscan items this was to measure and weigh items to ensure the correct box was used or if one had to be specially made for it, and whether it was safe for one person to lift or not.  I was then trained on stow, putting items of varying sizes into specified locations. The line managers and area managers were always available and it was overall a pleasure to work there, safety was paramount and you was reminded constantly about safe lifting, not putting yourselves or your co-workers at risk of injury. Although you had targets the training you received meant that you were able to achieve it after a week, and there was nothing hard about any of the jobs there ", " Learned many different skills that i will be able to use later on in life for future employment. ", " Its a good place to work if you have the will for it. Also it is easy to learn the work you have to do. ", " I was inside an warehouse most of the day and never saw day light, especially in the winter in Phoenix, AZ. ", " Fast paced, lots of changes (new IT tools, etc), casual dress code. ", " This company lives by the motto Work hard. Have fun. Make history. It is a fun place to work that in general takes care of their employees. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Management and work very unorganized. As a picking associate you can expect to walk up and down three flights of stairs and from one side of the building to the other. ", " I truly hated this job from start to finish,you were treated like cattle,management were essentially bullies who set unrealistic targets.Your rota was changed without warning or consultation. ", " At Amazon, one can have huge impact on the products and have high visibility overall. If you are crazy about work and just work then it is a good company for you. The co workers here are smart but the culture is individualistic ", " its just a normal everyday kinda warehouse, sadly they promote people who don't do as much as the people who do there job to the fullest. rates are simple and its and easy job it your looking for something that includes a work out ", " start the day with a briefing, find out what you was doing that day. management were strict but fair.co-workers were friendly. ", " This was a very decent job. It kept me busy all the time. It was a full time job working Sun-Wed. 6pm-430am. My job was to pack boxes and make rate each day (easier said than done). Keeping up with rate was extremely difficult for me. ", " Again, very physical &amp; very regimented! Young &amp; inexperienced management. Training Training is over-simplified &amp; not thorough at all! There's a lot of \"passing the buck!\" Enjoy &amp; like my co-workers very much..... ", " Focus is on metrics I've learned to adapt and overcome due to poor communication and a consistently changing environment. Amazon has it's own set of standards, yet they don't practice what they preach. ", "   As a Senior Technician required to project manage, as well as be involved in all Remedy projects/ trouble tickets in the department. Lead our Jr. techs to the project successful completion.   Full hardware installations, configurations &amp; repair of enterprise servers in multiple OS platform environments, as well as printers, laptops, &amp; PCs.   Cisco router and switch experience, includes maintenance &amp; using Nagios to monitor the network/hardware, running commands to troubleshoot issues, locally and remotely, &amp; installation/removal of hardware.   Running and crimping data line cables   Full involvement in all site shutdowns/ start ups for Enterprise servers and networking equipment.   Member of the Gemba walk team to improve work standard processes throughout the site.   Create Change Management (CM) cases to perform upgrades, installs and repairs to the IT infrastructure ", " managers are poor at there job and treat there workers like there property and there just replaceable i have learned a lot of experience from amazon . ", " i learned alot of different type of job skills, learned how to drive different equipment, learned how to read diffent lables..this job overall was a good learning exoerience...worked me alot of overtime but it was well worth it ", " Amazon is absolutely thee best company to work for and environment to work in . Safety is there main rule and They are all about there presentation and professionalism . ", " Working for Amazon was a good experience for me, I enjoyed it, there was no time for standing around at all, you constantly walk, several miles a day. It was physical but very exciting of sorts, always new things to learn. ", " The company is always changing and believes in continuous improvement to perfect processes. Management style is engaging and to remove barriers to improve total throughput. ", " taking boxes off the line, using a package to package scanning method to ensure a quality product. safety driven warehouse ", " The company made the overall experience at the company a lasting experience. Taking calls from customers was simple all the way to assisting the customers with issues and questions. ", " I've had a very good experience working with Amazon.  I've pushed my self to move up the ladder and get better at my job and understanding how to deep dive into issues. ", " The days are long and there is no variety in the work. It's all about how fast you can work, they do not take any variables into consideration. ", " I quickly learned how to adapt in a results-driven environment. Every single employee is willing to help and extend their expertise. Even as the company expands rapidly, the atmosphere is fun and exciting. ", " Applied to a job was told they eliminating position and they retracted the job post. They reposted the EXACT job a few days later... gee could it be that I've got all the qualifications they listed and they don't want me b/c I'm too old? "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " hardest part of the job would be the hot conditions in the warehouse and the really short breaks ", " Work is sometime hard and sometime simple but all the people working there are fun to work with. on the downside the HR department there is very poor and rarely takes time to  return calls (because they never answer the phone) or emails. ", " my time at amazon fulfillment was great eventhough i wasnt offered a full time position i enjoyed working with majority of the my fellow emplyees. we had games to reward the more productive workers and prizes and giveaways after every lunch break duruing the holiday season ", " The employees are great to work with. the pay was ok. The company was not prejudice against piercings or tattoos. ", " Easy job, management is horrible Nice break rooms with a lot of snack machines ", " was a demanding work role, would have to be quick in order to keep up productivity. ", " It involved a lot of packaging and organising. Overall it was enjoyable. ", " This large company had me working in a warehouse setting picking up product for customers orders. ", " Long Day Good Management Good Workers Stand In One Spot Mostly ", " I enjoyed going to work there everyday it was like i had another family. ", " I learned how to assemble items in to different packages and work with a scanner. I enjoyed the company and working well with others. ", " They care deeply for their employees.  Management had an open door policy and I could always approach them with any concerns or ideas. Since it is a corporate environment it is very fast-pace and you do work long hours and put in overtime non-stop, so it may not be the right place for everyone but if you thrive in this type of environment then this is the place for you.  Management does not micromanage and will allow you to work independently and trust that you will execute and deliver.  They are also very flexible, you have work from home options and hours. My co-workers were the brightest and most hardworking group of people I have had the privilege to work with, always willing to help and you can learn as much as possible from them as they would from you.  That type of dedication and passion pushes you to do your best.  If stress is a factor due to long hours, you can bring your dog to work! ", " A typical day at work was you clock in, go to stand up area for a quick meeting/pep talk or updates from your supervisor or PA. Then, you are off to your work area and quickly begin working (scan first item within 5 minutes) and keep up your pace throughout the night. As a picker, you walk 12-15 miles a day. It is challenging, but perfect job to get fit. Coworkers are friendly, and tired. The hardest part is constant walking the whole shift, with few, timed chances to sit down. The most enjoyable part was talking with coworkers.  Tip: nice pair of running shoes, stay hydrated and limber. ", " it was a great place to work and they really do recognized the hard workers and would give them praise and extra rewards which made everyone want to work hard. ", " Typical day is 6:30 AM - 5:00 PM    4 days a week  Worked in Receiving Area, unloading trucks, checking orders, and storing merchendise.  Management was different daily.  Co-workers were mainly retirees hired for Christmas rush. (Oct - Dec)  Hardest part was the 10 hour days.  Won a $500.00 gift card at Christmas Party. ", " I love working for Amazon but the communication with management is horrible. Management doesn't communicate with each other or the associates on new processes or changes in the building at all. I learned a lot of different processes and been cross trained from bringing in inventory to shipping out customers product. ", " Day would start off with a morning brief, targets and work for the day, would be set off starting on main job as an order picker, if pack line got to busy people who were trained to pack were asked to go over to help out. Quite an enjoyable place to work, lots of walking which became tiring to some during the day as was pushed for targets to be met which made some people a little clumsy in work rushing around, found it also quite disorganised and no attempt to treat employees that had been there a while with great attendance and attitude in  an appropriate manor specially when it came to shift changes people could not work. ", " Driving and delivering office furniture was the day...Loved the Co workers..Hardest partof the day was lifting heavy stuff up stairs. ", " one job for 10-12 hours all day everyday. took a bit to get use to standing in one spot for long periods of time ", " # 1 in the industry, bIg name, big numbers, small pay checks.   For a person actually moving material and physically paying the price that most customers don't pay upon a purchase... That is where your money is going.   Not to the people moving the material or product.   To someone in an office telling the bottom of the totem that they shouldn't let it tip and they will be fired for 2 more replacements if they drop the ball again. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Outstanding communication skills. Comfortable interacting with all organizational and cultural levels.  Expert in multitasking and participating. Skillfully manage small or large projects, start to finish.  Flexible and Adaptable. Assimilate quickly in transitions, switching roles as needed to maintain productivity. Embrace new concepts and methods.  Resourceful problem solver. Adept in anticipating and analyzing problems,then formulating solutions. Detailed Oriented and Conscientious. ", " Ten hour shifts, fifteen minute \"breaks\" were actually five minute breaks and the 30 minute \"lunch\" was actually 20 minutes at best.. You are your production rate - nothing more and nothing less. Firing seasonal employees for not meeting their rates yet totally ignoring safety issues. The work was exhausting but I have a new appreciation for the \"permanent\" employees who work the long shifts. ", " Had a great time working at amazon. Great coworkers and benefits. ", " My contract with Amazon was through SMX. Amazon was a good job but not very much room to grow. I was responsible for quality control of products as well as maintaining a high rate of scanning. The job was enjoyable but I would like to get into an industry that I have more room to grow. ", " If Amazon hired more experienced and diversed managers and supervisors, employees would stay employed longer. As far as the work itself, it is very easy anyone could do the job as long as you take your time to learn the job. ", " I liked the work was difficult at first to get used to walking 10 miles a day but did help keep me in shape, only real complaint is the pay and the incentive pay. That a lot people really do not try because it is so low why walk so fast it's hard to walk at the end of the day if you only get a paper saying good job, do not get me wrong it's good to know how your doing it would be nice to make enough money to pay basic bills ", " I really enjoyed working at Amazon It was a wonderful feeling to be able to help customers and compensate them when they had problems with their orders. I have taking irate calls from customers and by the time we hung up that customer was calm I took bad situation and turned them to a positive situation and that made me feel great..  I would have loved for this to have been a permanent position I enjoyed working her more than any job I have had in my past ", " I learned to work in team and fast doing orders i get good skills of communication.I enjoy to-work. My most enjoyable part of the job was to sea my pick rate how high is and get good words from manager. ", " As a picker at Amazon, you must be constantly moving, walking at least 13 miles a days just scanning items. You must be continually scanning into items &amp; containers or you will be cited for time off task. ", " everyday is the same thing and it does become a burden the only way to make good money is to get as many full time hours as possible and you are working 16 hour days which is not bad at all  but it does take a toll after a while especially if you have another job at the time. ", " I don't remember much of my time there other than the heat. The coworkers were great and the management was alright but it was always dreadfully hot.  ", " good job and decent wages. The working conditions are terrible ", " Pretty laid back...I love to assist customers regardless of there reason for call. I learned how to remain calm to calm the customer down. I also had a awesome crew of co workers. No hard days The most enjoyable part of my day was to make sure I made each and every customers happy at the end of the call! ", " The Walmart of internet commerce. To sum up my experience there i'll put it like this. One morning i sat in the parking lot watching people file in to start a normal workshift. Then i had an epiphany, everyone walking in who worked there for over a year had various arm braces, special boots for foot problems and wrist braces. ", " I Had good experience in all my last job , I always do what it take to enjoy what im doing even on a busy day my manager was supportive  i grow with company always follow the rules ,i always do the project on time. ", " Management in Lab126 is heartless and absolutely pathetic.  Never would advise a friend to go there. ", " The atmosphere and people at Amazon are great, but the job can be very draining in the long-term. You begin to feel like you live only to be at work, and talking to the same ten archetypes for days on end on the phone can make you want to scream. They do work their best to keep you happy, but unfortunately their best isn't always enough. ", " long hours. 10 hr. days. the hardest part of the job is standing for 10 hrs straight. people very friendly and like to help. ", " Management was approchable and understanding. The job was physically challenging but in a fun way. ", " very easy job. all postions are common sense. the attitude of the company can be harsh at times. long hours standing is the hardest part. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " ten hour work shifts in a non air conditioned or heated warehouse. breaks every two hours, the hardest part of the job was dealing with the temperature of the building.  ", " Amazon was great. Great workplace. Management was very helpful. Benefits were one of the best. I was a seasonal worker for 2 seasons I loved it. I just need to work out of the home. ", " I'm a good worker , work hard and I like work. I learn very fast new job and learn more when I get time.I have always good relation ship with my co-workers and I'm working in team to be together. ", " i basically learn how to polish my forklift driving gaining experience and also learn to be a safe driver i believe that there where no part that was hard because i enjoyed it ", " Very busy, very hot and loud and can be calm and times, The managers there at times weren't really knowledgeable about certain thing we needed done within the warehouse. ", " this place was like a zoo total crazy If you were a temp u worked harder then anyone else I DO NOT TELL ANYONE TO GO TO WORK THERE ", " This job paid the bills and then some but it wasn't something that I would want to do forever. The staff isn't very friendly and they act more like drill sergeants. ", " I sort, stock, and count inventory. Train other associates in stow and receive process Problem solve for stow and receive process. Analyze and process vender and customer returns. ", " I enjoyed working here a lot of great people and managers very well organized. The benefits are great they really treat you with respect. The hardest part would have to be the walking, you will walk about two miles a day in there. ", " Amazon has to be the worst job I have ever had its to much walking, breaks are short, and hours are long. You get write up's for every quality or rate error so there is no job security. ", " go to whereever you were asked to go and put stuff away management was good co-workers is hard to say i statyed to myself worked alone hardest part of job the disorganization teh besty part of job it was interesting ", " I pack stuff in boxes, nothing technical here but, i do  pack with efficiency and compassion even though the job is hard. I like the people. ", " Amazon was my first job. It was a good experience but there was a lot of politics in my team. Get used to people leaving all the time. ", " you walk about 20-30 miles a day  but it is a great place you learn a lot from them, they are super nice and its a great place to work ", " It was fun to work there, and the had games in both of there game rooms. Whenever we lost equipment they had machines that would replace it for us for free. ", " part time managers nice people many hard workers job real easy only 4 hours the works can be real friendly but there favoritism in the management . ", " Makes you feel welcomed. Always on your feet moving at a fast pace. Meeting new people, learning new things. Always trying to improve your work station. Positive attitude. ", " If you live for your job this is the place for you. Seriously, a great place to run with the big dogs but if you don't like throwing punches or have any expectation of \"time off\" -- not the right place. ", " A typical day at work consisted of tyranic managers who worked you like slaves. Incomprehensible HR associates also the fear of losing your job at any second. ", " Great staff, good working conditions friendly co-workers. I leaved how amazon.com ships their goods the hardest part of the job was standing all day and the most enjoyable part of the job was the pay every friday that excites me "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " worked on daily shift fulltime factory work working packing ", " Amazon Ware House is an enjoyable place to work. There are good people there who make the job fun and productive. The most enjoyable part of my job is connecting with the people I work with everyday. A typical day at the job consists of picking packing or loading merchandise for shipment to customers . ", " The general labor at amazon was manageable and easy to comprehend. The only complaint I have... management is determined by who you know, who you are friends with and what you can do outside of work for the current management. At amazon, your rate is important to stay working there, but your benefits to management as a Person, not an employee, will determine if you rise to a higher position in the long run. ", " The worlds leading e-commerce business with a very strong culture based on Amazon's Leadership Principles. A very driven culture that lives by its values. Being a part of this business at a senior level I was exposed to the inner workings of this organisation. ", " As a picker, I would walk the whole time I was there but it keep me busy. This was 4 days at 10 hrs. a day, at night, so only saw co-worker at lunch or break. Unfortunately, I did not get to work long because of a personal matter and had to quit. ", " a normal day to get to Amazon, was first to arrive early meeting of the working group and ralajacion exercise of muscle, very good indeed helped a lot, very safe environment full of work that I loved .... ", " A typical day of work consists of giving out rates to associates from the previous shift to improve productivity. Work with associates to overcome barriers. ", " As a picker, you walk for 9 hours of the day with little time to socialize. If you are hired through a temporary agency, you do not get the same treatment as permanent workers. ", " Typical day at work is somewhat steady.  Learned how to run every piece of machinery on the job.  Became an Ambassador at Amazon to train new employees on how to perform certain processes.  Co-workers are not very lively, they don't care about what they have to do at work.  I enjoy working with certain people who are up beat and care about making sure the job gets done. ", " very fast paced  fun working environment  lots of opportunity ", " The job good place to work over all. I learn a lot people good to work with the work as a team. the worst was walking everywhere. most enjoyable was we did different work load. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job is getting it done on time. ", " there isnt a typical day at amazon. each day is different . which is a good thing. I learned a great deal about working a line in the factory.Management is hired from the outside the building  and usally just graduated college students.Hardest part about the job is working with people that doesnt care about what there doing. what i loved about the job is after a hard day at work i felt like i accomplished something. ", " Great place to work and great experience to have under your belt i enjoyed it while it lasted.Its sucks if your a picker but i worked in AFC. ", " * Fun at Training Period regarding about our products * our team always have challenges everyday * Receiving awards for having perfect attendance. * Hardest part is coming to work at mid-shift everyday and only have 1 day off. ", " Amazon does pay decently and has decent benefits but everyone is falsely happy. You are taught to be empathetic to  customers, trust the customer, befriend the customer, but when it comes to you as an employee, you don't get empathy. They expect you to be glued to your phone and computer for ten hours a day aside from a small break and your lunch. You have to meet weekly to discuss your performance and even if you do  everything you're told, you still get told to do better. You have to send out a survey to every customer you speak to and all it says is \" Did I solve your problem yes or no\" and that is how they rate you. If you get a mean customer or a person who wants you to do something you're not allowed to you can get a no and if you get enough no's it will put you in the bottom 15% and you will be put on performance plan which is nothing but extra meetings to discuss your performance and if you don't get more 'yes' surveys you will be fired. ", " Employees valued on output and productivity is the key to upward mobility as well as taking on extra projects.  Constantly changing work environment, organization, teams, projects, goals.  Surrounded by hard-working people with drive and intelligent input. I have met some brilliant people there and lifetime friends.  Casual dress code. Purple hair? Tattoos? Nobody cares. Very diverse culture. Lots of languages spoken and people from all over the world. ", " I worked from 2 pm to 10 pm, everyday except the weekend. I had to manage the packaging of different articles. ", " A typical day at work would be helping pack and scanning barcodes and helping people if they took to many items or having a problem in general. ", " A positive quality of working at Amazon was that I had the opportunity to be crossed trained learning the responsibilities and how to carry out various positions. By being crossed trained it help me expand my work experience and knowledge. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " while working with amazon I learned to work on my own and as part of a team. I enjoyed working here as I made good friends from all walks of life and cultures ", " Fast pace and making sure you get production. Learned how to do multiple jobs. Management could have have been better Some of the co-workers were good to work with. ", " Working amazon a typical day working is making sure the counts are down and inventory is right in the computer so you can get the item out to the customer ", " I recently was fired by Amazon because I was injured on the job. They had video of the incident and I reported it right away. They denied my workers compensation and then fired me. I tore my rotator cuff. They have outrageous standards. They tell you before they train you that Amazon standard is X and then when they train you they expect you to ignore X and do Y. Which is negligence on their part. I could handle the hours even though it left me to drained to do anything else throughout the week. Management lies to you to get you to sign papers and never do they give you copies of write ups. Co-workers there are always trying to take credit for things they didn't do just to get a little recognition. I think the only enjoyable thing about working there is the fact that you do earn personal time off fairly quickly if you are a full time employee ", " Amazon offers employees a comprehensive benefits package including healthcare starting on day one of employment matching, performance-based bonuses and its Career. ", " arget merchandise discount.|Competitive pay.|Flexible scheduling. Keep merchandise organized and accessible.|Work as part of a fast, fun and friendly Backroom... ", " Not challenging enough. Co-workers are great, Good opportunity to progress so far. The hardest part of the job is the fact no-body will listen to your ideas or ask opinions they bring in new things and even if they are worse they stick. ", " there is no job security and very little schedule flexibility. As a temp service worker you are not valued at all.  There is no assurance that you will be converted to direct hire employment ", " the management staff with the amazon side of the house was great. however, the way that the company works you and then just discards you kind of leaves a sour taste in your mouth ", " Alot of work and alot of constant moving . Must be able to make rate and maintain rate. Must be willing to be flexible or noone will make it in this workplace of business. ", " cool managers and employees. Easy to talk to. Angry customers were the hardest to deal with. Being on a hill away from town was the only downfall, but even that is okay. ", " Very busy and high pace working environment. Every body is busy doing own thing and that way not so all the way open to new people. Busy and day goes fast. Tons of work for every day. Good team mates. ", " Grabbing a cart filled with totes that are filled with items, take the cart to an ill and begin scanning the items and placing them on shelf's that have enough space to place the items on. ", " A Fun and comfortable place to work, get exercise daily, get all kinds of warehouse experience, pay stops at 12:75 tier 1, may move up to tier 3 or salary to get more pay. Great benefits, get stock if work there for 2 years through amazon. ", " Cool place to work. Job was tedious at times, but it gave you a great workout. Overtime, your body would get used to it and you would be fine. The pay was Awesome! Only thing is it was a seasonal job which didn't last very long. ", " Amazon is a wonderful place to work. You are basically working for yourself at this job. Make sure you make rate and follow the simple and limited rule and you would enjoy this job. ", " Fast paced environment, diverse group of people, strict safety and production guidelines, hard work. Great place to work, everyone is friendly, and management is good. ", " As a problem solver I would help fixed problems with inventory such as unrecognizable bar codes and non existent bar codes.  I would also help with locating items placed in wronged stow bins or missing items from stowing carts.  Also recording items as damaged if the items were considered unsatisfactory to ship to a customer. I learned a lot about how warehouse work can be and how organized a warehouse needs to be to run effectively.  The management was a challenge because some would leave and a new one would come in from a department different from where I worked. The co-workers were an incredible enjoyment to be around mostly because everyone got along. The hardest part of the job was just dealing with issues that not even the managers knew how to deal with.  The most enjoyable part of the job was getting to meet and interact with people of different ages and backgrounds. ", " Amazon was a great place to work. I enjoyed working with my co workers. The pay was excellent and I could work as much overtime I wanted. ", " walk a lot and pick items. I learnt how to considerate very well on several things at once. management was great.my co-workers where cool. lot of different faces. hardest part of the job was lot of walking but it was fun. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This is an awesome job but if you come in as a temp. It is hard for you to become permanent. ", " It was an experience I won't forget as this was my first paid job. ", " Scan item and ship items for 10 hours of stand.Learning experience is making sure you make the customers happy by getting they order correctly. ", " The people there are awesome love working there the pa and ops manager rules ", " My experience at amazon was a learning process in how to make production rate and learn all about safety. ", " I learned a lot of new things at the job. It was one of the best. I learned how to operate machinery. The hardest part of this job was meeting the time limit but it was the best part because I loved the challenge. Management was nice, they treated employers as if we were one if them. They did the same amour of work ", " Standing consistently moving and working. While their I learned how to operate different PIT Equipment, Computers and Scanners. Depending on the job assignment they are very easy going and understanding toward various circumstances. Hard workers and good team workers. Standing the whole shift and bi- weekly pay periods. My co- workers. ", " The hardest part of the Job is working with people that did not want to work, they were just lazy. ", " A typical night started off the same every night. A meeting followed by stretches. You were then assigned a section to count and depending on where you started there was a required rate for accuracy and time. I've never had any problems keeping my numbers up and while working hard to keep my rates up, it really made the 10hr work shift fly by. There wasn't really anything difficult about the job at all. Trying to keep your numbers up throughout the night made a great challenge every evening I clocked in. It also gave you a little bragging rights at each meeting when announced that you had a great night. ", " Pro: Bonus at the end of each month  Cons: Not family oriented, not a lot of room for growth, management doesn't seem to care about the associates, work is boring ", " i would go to work clock in go to standup and listen to them and talk to friends go to my assignment then break and back to work and then lunch then back to work then break again and back to work then go home everyone was like family in there. ", " typical day at amazon consist of a lot of walking, fulfill customer order in timely fashion and making you meet production goal. ", " Amazon is world re-known for innovation. If you want to work in an environment that is constantly breaking new ground, this is the place to work for. Management depends on individual management abilities. Work life balance is dependent on if your team is part of an organization trying to gain market share. ", " All you are is a number. How many items did you scan today? I did learn how to use a handheld computer and work towards an unreachable goal. The hardest part of the job was expected to be work like a robot. The best part of the job is you got to see all the new items coming out for the year. ", " Management expects you to make rate at all times. There could be a lack of work yet you are still expected to make rate. The 15min breaks are not a long enough time especially do to the building size &amp; where your work area might be. No job security management will write you up for whatever reason they want. The the fulfillment associates at amazon desperately needs a union ", " The people and workplace are fun and interesting, with regularly changing responsibilities. However, the work can be physically demanding as the only time available to sit down are on breaks and lunch, the rest of the time is spent on your feet. ", " Consumes a lot of your time with little payoff.  They don't pay very well and they are demanding and strict. ", " Store and receive boxes, clean area very fast pace. What I have learned is that each warehouse have different methods of sending and receiving packages. The co-workers were very interesting. Hardest part was keeping up. Most enjoyable, the pay, the co-workers. ", " hectic non stop very focused on numbers per hour ,co workers were only good thing about the place. ", " This role allows a lot of room for both personal and professional development. Stepping into the role allowed me to build on skills I never experienced before and I work in line with Amazon's Leadership Principles. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This company job security is terrible.the turn around rate is very high and the breaks are very short. ", " Poor treatment of associates. Overbearing with rates and production quotas. good opportunity for advancement. ", " this was one of the hardest jobs ive have had. it was really stressful some days. ", " For me this job was quite hard, because it required walking fast all over the warehouse for long hours, the period of my work there was quite stressful and it was sometimes hard to lift all the totes etc. Overall, management was quite good and problem-solving. The best part all in all was getting paid good. ", " Senior management has a lack of personal engagement for development ", " You walked a lot, good exercise for the body, and the coworkers are fair. ", " A typical day is never the same.  Things change rapidly at Amazon that you are always discovering new challenges.   An ability to take decisions and implement.  The culture has the bar raised with high calibre individuals ", " Putting merchandise in areas for pickers to pull orders. I've learned how the company works. The management team are ok. Some people dont like to help the new people out cause(some have bad communication skills).The job is not hard at all. ", " a typical day at work can be a bit hard due to the competitive nature of making daily rate but it was an overall rewarding experience. ", " A typical work day consisted of 10hr shifts of constant work. Every shift required physical labor. During my time at Amazon I learned how to quickly achieve objectives while maintaining active attention to detail. The management staff was constantly on top of the success rate and performance of my actions. The hardest part of the job would have to be building perfect pallets 6 feet high, solid and square with oddly shaped items at a face pace. I enjoy having consistent responsibilities throughout the day so that was the best part about the job. ", " Amazon is great for people who love to work in a warehouse for 40-60 hours a week and have no life outside of work. Other than being extremely stressful, they give the best benefits than any other job out there, including stock, medical insurance that starts the day of hire, and plenty of advancement opportunities. ", " to go and collect specified items in correct area and put on your trolley,go get more and take back to unloading area in warehouse, You need to either have the headspace or be quite fit,I made some friends on both visits,great money. ", " It was a lot of walking to pull and process orders but overall I really enjoyed my experience there. ", " They taught me how to work under pressure and being productive in the work field. They taught me how to work quickly though the day. ", " As far as benefits, and compensation, Amazon was amazing to work for. But they have entirely to many people in managers positions,  which makes it really difficult to know where to receive instructions. and there are not nearly enough breaks. ", " I work from home, troubleshooting Kindles, apps and other devices. Customer service is the main focus, and the reward of helping people is amazing. I work with some forward thinking and dedicated team members. ", " Amazon can be a great place to work for people who have no family and few commitments outside of work.  Compensation can be attractive via Restricted Stock--salaries are market.  In a fulfillment center, managers should be prepared for excessive administrative duties, multiple schedule changes within a year--including graveyard--and high expectations for process improvement while attempting to develop people and run a shift.  Can be fun, the people were actually wonderful, but not for the faint of heart. ", " worked hard, packing, stowing, picking, wracking pallets, you named it we were all trained too do the job. ", " I would fulfill orders, package, and ship items. It was a difficult job in a face paced environment, and it was a difficult job. I learned a lot by working at Amazon. ", " I'm a part-time, seasonal employee at Amazon, which is a warehouse. A typical day at work, for me, is to scan packages to the correct location and get them ready for shipment. I've learned how to get packages ready for shipment. My co-workers are a very good team to work with. The hardest part of the job is the extreme heat and standing on my feet for long periods of time because of my medical condition, everything else is easy. The most enjoyable part of the job is working with a nice group of people. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I do not feel if you are a quiet person, that you would be happy in the Amazon.com workplace. ", " trained new and existing employees in how to properly work in a safe environment based on policy and procedure. Fast-paced receiving, stocking, picking products and orders for customers. Working in groups to improve innovation, productivity and safety. ", " Much of what I did on a day to day basis involved analyzing metrics across the different segments of the company, organizing and adjusting reports relating to these metrics, and building metrics with data using SQL to pull relevant information. I've become particularly good at querying as a result, and learned much about Amazon's method of operation and business culture. It was a very insightful year of hard work. The most difficult part for me, not particularly a company-wide issue, was growth. My direct manager was inexperienced, as I was his first direct worker, and had difficulty fully utilizing me and my coworker effectively. However, as a result of my employment, I met many wonderful and talented individuals, many of whom I still keep in contact with. I truly enjoyed the challenging work and contacts I've met in my time at this company. ", " Working at Amazon is my first job in UK. As a part-time job, the ships is mainly at weekend. This job has lots of pressure since there are a number of orders and workers have to finish it in a very limited time. Though the salary is quite good, the intensiveness of this job make it only ideal for short-term. ", " I learned how to pick pack and ship items to other companies,you work long hours and are normally tired by the time you finish they have a strict 3 point disaplinary system which makes you very nervous about being late or have time off for illness ", " I work 10hours a day. Four days a week. My typical work day is filled with a lot of walking , pulling ,and lifting. The managing team is very nice. The environment is fast pace and friendly. The most enjoyable part of my day is knowing I made someone happy with their purchase from amazon. ", " packing orders for shipping to customers learned how to pack items in the right boxes and using of scanning guns and computer systems ", " a typical night at amizon was 7pm to 6:30 am  i was a picker so there was a lot of walking and looking for items agent a target wich was tuff. the management put on prizes for peaple who got the best taget scores and peaple that inproved the most over there month. the hardest part of the job was trying to keep up with the target and being swiched from floor to floor all the time but it keeped you busy.know that the customer getting there items ontime and that the manages always debrithed us letting us know how well we did ", " Different new things to look forward to everyday, and also a discount on products. It defiantly teaches you how to deal with different personalities. ", " i would go in talk to my friends at the time clock  then i would go to stand up find out what i would be doing for the day than we would exercise then go to work for 2 and 1/2 hours than we would have a 15 minute break which basically was 5 minutes with walking time. than we would go back to our station and switch jobs within the group and 2 1/2 hours later go for lunch that was 30 minutes and go back to stand up then go back to work switch positions again, than 2 1/2 hours later go on our last 15 min break than switch jobs again than go home 2 1/2 hours later. ", " This is a great place to work if you can handle a fast paced environment with few/no mistakes. The management tries to keep things fun by having dress up days and such--reminded me of high school activities in a way.  If you aren't doing well, your manager will talk to you.  If you still aren't doing well, you need to be able to communicate to management much more precisely as to what the problem is, otherwise they will assume you \"get it.\" The hardest part of the job is meeting performance standards. ", " Huge employer world wide so often follow ups got lost in the system which resulted in increasingly frustrated customers. ", " Great money, good employees. Managment can improve. Hard work on your body at times ", " Work 4 10 hr days. Overtime is mandatory if needed. Easy Job. Got to meet order picking quota. ", " Workplace is great, and fun. Just a lot of loopholes in the system that can easily affect your work and your total time aboard Amazon. Great place but be careful ", " A day at Amazon consists in walking into the building and heading to your start up area. The manager leads you in stretches while announcing to the group what the goals are for the day. After stretches, we then go off to do our assigned task. We work for two and a half hours between each break, first a 15, then a 30 minute lunch, then another 15 minute break. After a total of ten hours of work, we put away our carts, turn in our scanners, and clock out. ", " 10+ hours shifts Shifts and hours vary 24 hours 7 days a week Lead groups of associates in meeting production goals (rates in pack and pick areas) Assist the area manager in aligning goals and tasks Very physical demanding job Being the eyes for the customer and demonstrating that focus is a key essential in customer retention.  Getting hands-on experience throughout the processes and functions of departments were key for understanding and applying knowledge within those processes while conjunctively meeting production goals and the needs of the customers simultaneously through shift operations.  This opportunity gave me the inside picture as to the performance of how processes work and what products customers order.  I have been fortunate to work with some great people.  During my tenure, I am very grateful to work with the most \"dynamic and hold self-accountable for your own actions and production goals\" type of managers during the first couple of years of my employment.  The hardest part(s) of this job was individuals making things harder for others when it was very simple to give, follow, and lead.  Communication is not well-known amongst managers nor from managers to associates nor from shifts to shifts.  The most enjoyable part of the job was my ability to influence others and those who also influenced me. I give credit to the managers of my leadership team who encouraged me and gave me the opportunity in a leadership position and saw how I had the power and the drive to impact them personally and from a business knowledge standpoint and to look at what the ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> way the world really is.  Every workplace is different within the scope of a team, including managers and leadership roles.  Whether staying there or seeking new opportunities elsewhere one thing is for certain, that it will bring new challenges, obstacles, and new individuals. ", " AMZN has a strong data driven culture, many people there have engineer or quant background, and they make decisions based on data. At AMZN, you could expect to work with many smart and nice guys. ", " Amazon has a solid foundation.  They have a lot of very intelligent and smart individuals working for them and they are doing great things.  Advancement opportunities are limited in my specific location and would require moving back to Washington state, which is not my preference. ", " Amazon Fulfillment Centers create a productive environment where individuals can excel within their respective departments. There are some issues of concern, as with any employer, however the company overall provides the opportunity for associates to achieve their desired aspirations. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " typical day was 8 oclock until 6-30 I was mainly receiving goods counting them and scanning them into system  also stowing goods onto shelved there was targets that had to be met so you were keep busy all day which was good. Supervisors were good with me and co workers were fine as well. The hardest part of job was making targets but I met them no problem. ", "   Using scanning guns to pick items.   Achieving targets for items picked.   Time management.   Team work.   Stock counting. ", " I worked in the returns Team Mech Area and everything weighed over 50 pounds . It was really long days, hard days and the  area managers and supervisors treat you like scum .  You are replaceable , you can be easily replaced . The place i worked was near Cincinnati so there were some crazy  characters that worked there  which made the time go by fast. you did not make enough money for the work you did .  but it was decent. ", " yea not much to say you work talk and go home management is fine  coworker are there ", " worked with nice co-workers. Liked the management of the company. ", " Loved working here. Everyone stays on tasks. Always moving.  ", " long  learn about how boxes and trucks work together enjoyable salary ", " Pack items that customers ordered online and get them ready to be shipped out to them. Scanned the items, boxed them up and put a sticker on it. ", " When I would arrive at Amazon I would get there about 25 minutes early just so I had enough time to go to my locker and get ready for my shift. Then, I would go punch in 5 minutes early before my shift and we would all go meet with our supervisors and co-workers at the whiteboard to see which side we would be on, east or west, and to see what job we had for the day. My main jobs included Stowing which would involve putting all orders away. We would get rated on how fast we put away items, and labor tracked. I was also over in the Transship Dock area a lot. Over in the dock area I did many different things which included loading all the totes onto the conveyor, opening up each box from each pallet and loading it onto the conveyor, scanning each box and tote which was called \"Totorizing\". I was also certified in TDR, which was \"Trailer Docking and Releasing.\" This job included going outside with the lead TDR and getting the information from the truck drivers to insure the orders we were getting in were correct. Our job was mainly to ensure that each trailer was docked safely so that the PIT operators wouldn't get injured when they went inside the trailers to unload the pallets. The management was great, everything was organized, and the managers treated everyone equally. My co-workers were also very nice, I made a lot of new friends. The hardest part of my job was the hard work, it was harsh on your feet, back, neck, and everything else, but it was all worth it in the end because it was awesome money! Overall, I enjoyed working for this company. ", " It felt like you were partnered up with Amazon. Of course this is where I self taught myself about online marketing and the first way I ever made real money. It's up to you how you learn to drive this business because you're doing all the social media work and etc to get people to click and buy through your link. The downfall was the fact that you didn't make much money at the very beginning. ", " I love amazon. its the best part-time job you can have.You only work a minimum of 4 hours a day and no more than 20-30 hours a week. ", " Make sure you ask about oncall duty. Even software developers need to carry a pager all the time. And it's not a fun thing when you get paged several times per night. Environment is so so. Technologies used is so so. It also depends a lot in your group. My group just uses dated stuff. ", " Very nice working, good pay, get extra hours and get good benefits.  Always ready to work at Amazon ", " I enjoyed the job an what i was doing. the employees i worked around was fun to be around i had alot of fun working for them. the managers were helpfull when u needed it. ", " great benifits and people not much break time though pickers should be compensated more ", " Great place to work...Fast pace, long hours, friendly people we get the job done ", " i had a lovely experience working with amazon they kept the spirt around the warehouse up beat which made working with others more enjoyable ", " great pay a lot of advancement options very fast work and good people ", " Management most of the time seems to not know what's going on which creates a lot of chaos on the job. ", " not a bad place to work. a very busy place with something going on all the time. No time to play around for anyone. On changing shifts had to check with out going guards to see what had been happening and any new business that might effect me. Majority of time things went pretty smooth. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " terrible company, managers unprofessional, safty was terrible, tons of employees got hurt, no organization what so ever, human resources didnt know how to do their job ", " *Involves me participating in Stand-Up, where everyone is briefed about the day's goals. Then 2 hours of picking, 15min break, 2 hours and 45 minutes of picking, 30 minute lunch, stand-up, 2 hours and 15 minutes of picking, 15min break, and finally 2 and a half hours of picking. *Learned how to walk effectively to minimize muscle ache and fatigue. How to mentally occupy myself during a really long period of simple yet tedious work.  *Management worked really fast to report errors, time-off task, not making rate, etc. A lot of really nice and understanding managers. Safety is top priority. *Co-workers were usually tired and depressed due to the type of work. However some were motivating in their hard-work and friendly in their attitude. *Worst part is the policing, there is almost no room for error. Getting fired is way too easy and the strictness really causes stress. *The simplicity of the job is the best part. Always know what to do, where to be, and help is always nearby in the form of a fellow worker. ", " I use to love it. When some time goes by you will see how it's a dawg eat dawg world..People will turn on you like a drop of a hat. ", " Amazon is an equal opportunity employer. They provide excellent benefits and opportunities to their employees. The environment is one that is fun and very fast paced. For the most part it is laid back place to work. The typical work day is 10 hours depending on what shift a person is assigned to. Management is very helpful and always available to address employees' concerns. ", " Work a 10 hour shift 4 days a week, my typical day at work is very busy. I've learn that you have to wear comfortable shoes and you will adjust to the temperature of the warehouse. The management are very fair. The co-workers all get along with each other. The hardest part of the job to me is handling the dust, but you get through it. The most enjoyable part of this job is the company its self. ", " Hard working and must be on on your p and q's when working there. They may not let you know all the policies right away until they affect you and may send you back to your direct path even if you have moved up in the company. ", " great opportunity to work with people and learn different skills. definitely room for growth. ", " a typical work day was stand up which included goals for the night and week, what was expected of the workers and stretches to loosen us up for the work night. What I learned was the importance of accuracy and productivity. My co-workers were helpful and kind. Management was also helpful, intuitive and took pride in their employees. I feel like the hardest part was not making my individual quota. The most enjoyable part was the work environment as a whole. ", " As a fulfillment associate a typical day could consist of you being moved to many different locations in order to fulfill the managements needs. Also you are expected to hit \"rate\" no matter what is going on; i.e. no space, lack of work etc. Pretty irritating ", " The job would have been a lot better if I would have been in a different department. My department was directly affected by all the other department in a negative way. The goals that were set were hard to meet especially with the other stowers \"Cherry Picking\" the best carts. Overall poor training and poor support lead to me leaving the organization. ", " Steady, helpful and  co-operative  people  in happy environment ", " No work life balance at all.  Cut throat, brown nosing and who you know to get ahead.  The masses and the little people get trampled. ", " This job I can say won't be for everybody. One good thing I can say that once your hired on as a fulltime employee there are count less opportunities and diversity everywhere. ", " Enjoyable place to work with plenty of interesting colleagues from all walks of life.a typical day was much like any other day clock in,have brief then pretty much left on your own to do your work.most managers/team leaders were approachable, your co-associates were kept you going whilst working,toughest part of the job was the amount of walking and sometimes the way things were done... ", " There is not enough opportunities for advancement have not learned anything new in over a year. Work harder than most associates and get over looked by management and seem to be punished for being good at my job ", " I would not recommend a job like Amazon to somebody who has a family life, and who values their spare time greatly.  You spend the majority of your waking hours at work, and what little time you have at home, you are resting. ", " It's a very fast paced workplace. I have learned to become very efficient and productive in a short time period. It is very diverse within the company. Meeting everyone and new conversation with new friends was the most exciting part of the job. The standing for ten hours was the hardest part. ", " A typical day consist of morning stretches, productivity goals, and standing for long periods of time. I have learned to find different ways to work efficiently to satisfy our customers.Must co workers are productive while others are not. The hardest part of the job is standing for ten hours straight. There weren't any parts of the job that I enjoyed it was cut and dry. ", " Oversee the inventory control and quality of stock within the FC. ", " Typical day at work for me is to sequence the routes for the drivers for the following day, also verify metrics from the previous day. Assign all equipment for the drivers the following day, this saves time on the next shift. Assign places for the sort team and run this by the team leads at the beginning of their shift, make sure they understand the plan before we begin. Complete the team brief and oversee induction of customer shipments from the sort depots into DXM1, make sure each of the shipments are scanned in and sorted through the correct process. Once sort has been complete virtually pre depart shipments and then depart the shipments with the drivers who come in at 7am, all night we are working to the deadline of 7am. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The most enjoyable part of my job is how fast paste this job is. ", " Amazon is a very demanding place to work however the benefit to the employee is great as far as tech goes. It's a very challenging place with a very fast pace. The major benefit is that you are exposed to all kinds of technology and systems that you are unlikely to see anywhere else. You are forced to learn very quickly or you will simply sink. Management is generally good although there are a few specific examples which are undesirable. ", " Always busy and had something to do. people were awesome and helpful. picking packing and sorting. ", " A typical day at work would be very fast paced.  10 hour shifts with three breaks.  Management was not too great.  The hardest part of the job was nothing.  The most enjoyable honestly was getting out of that building. ", " The atmosphere was very bland, but fast paced. The jobs weren't hard just very repetitive and boring. Overall I enjoyed the job and hours given while employed at the job site. ", " A typical day at work consisted of walking an average of 10 miles while picking and scanning items from various bins. The management at amazon was ran very well because they didn't treat their workers poorly. I never had trouble with any co-workers they all seemed like nice people. The toughest part of the job was the walking back and forth for long ranges. The most enjoyable part was seeing the different items there was in case I wanted to go home and purchase one myself. ", " I quickly bought into the Amazon ideals...I very much enjoyed my job as a pack ambassador as well as safety commitee associate. Sadly after a few months all the safety and customer centric ideals that I whole heartedly embraced went to the way side in lieu of production. The leadership at DFW 7 is seriously lacking...I believe a new GM is in order! ", " Made sure that the shop floor was always up to date and did a stock rotation every week, served customers and did till work. ", " 10 Hours a day walking , picking items  i learned that customers really depend on you  i loved the management team i always felt welcomed at work  my co-workers were friendly and helpful  the hardest -part of the job was standing on your feet for 10 hours a day  the most enjoyable part of the day was stand up and when you get messages saying youre doing a good job ", " Don't work here unless you like being micro managed. The most enjoyable part of the job was leaving it at the end of the day. The hardest part of the job not hurting some of those managers. ", " Its not an easy job, but you have to be productive and hradworking in order to make it in the company. ", " clock in ,hurry to get to the meeting everyday hear them talk and talk, what I learn that there's other better places to work for its like being in the military in the outbound . management was like being in prison they are always watching you and keeping an eye on everybody. co workers were great .the hardest part of the job was if I work hard production was high and my friends were not they would get wrote up . most enjoyable time was when I didn't go to work ", " come in get your scanner ,stand up and hear a meeting about the job .didn't learn a lot cause I am us to working hard and I am fast learner . management was lousy , co workers were great .the hardest part of the job was the place hot from the time I got there till the time the shift ended. enjoyable part was the workers we got the job done ", " A typical day consists of picking items to reach my target. The hardest part is working the night shift 4 nights a week. I enjoy being regarded as a competent and reliable worker and being turned to for special duties such as rushed orders etc. The most enjoyable part of the job is the relationship I have with my co-workers and receiving high scores at the end of the work week. ", " Becoming apart of the Amazon Fulfillment Center team, has allowed for me to expand my leadership skills and apply them within a process that directly reflects the effectiveness of my supervision. ", " My typical day was either Operating the reach truck helping other pickers, ICQA members, inbound/outbound help on a daily basis. worked closely with management also performing tasks and drops that they needed in order to complete there own tasks. my Co-workers were very good and a few have become very good friends of mine. I actually learnt how to operate the reach truck through Amazon. That being the most enjoyable part of the job. ", " Amazon managers play favorites. The hardest part was the fatigue and working night shift. I enjoyed getting to know people. Typical day was non stop till you clock out. ", " long hours especially when work is slow but when work is available it flies by in a snap. i learned that customers are a number one priority to this place and that they will do the best to keep the customer happy. management is great and easy to talk to when you need any help. co workers are nice and friendly and always willing to help you out when you need help or have a question. hardest part of the job is the standing for the whole shift but in time that gets easy. enjoyable part of the job is being able to see all the cool stuff amazon has to offer. ", " the management was horrible and no pre-work planning took place (if so it was thought out by a toddler) we were sent home when work was plentiful and kept over if there was nothing to do. ", " Amazon is a great place to buy things at a discount, but isn't much of an employer to say the least. I worked, there for seven months and experienced poorly trained, un-empathetic management, unreasonable physical demands, and a culture set on treating associates as cheap commodities. Human resources were never on the associate's side on anything. Upper management was only concerned with numbers and not concerened about how their goals affect the well being of the front line.  I had to leave early one night because my contact (quite visibly) ripped ( I only wear one because of an issue with my other eye). My manager completely refused to excuse the absence even when I offered to bring in documentation stating my prescription and why I obviously wouldn't be able to work in a fast-paced warehouse environment without a contact. HR and the operations manager sung the same tune. That was what did it for me.  If you are willing to work in an environment where management is almost never on your side, you are physically responsible for their mistakes, and the overriding unwritten rule is to make you think that it's YOUR idea to quit, Amazon might be the place for you.  I wouldn't expect to stay too long though, and if you manage to, more power to you. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I didnt mind it at all i loved it &amp; i wouldnt mind working their again. I learned to packed a product right. How to stack boxes the right way before they got shipped out. The job was not hard at all. ", " Amazon being the worlds largest online shopping site company had the best work atmosphere where equal opportunities were given to everyone. An individuals hard work and dedication was truly recognized and appreciated in forms of bonus and promotions. My day to day activities included meeting with new recruits screening them for the job process and assisting the HR team. Being into HR team and an active member of funsters ( Team building Group activities) we enjoyed work. I learned how to deal day to day activities of HR and interacting with new people on daily basis which in turn improved my social skills and boost my confidence. Hardest part of the job was when we had to declare the results of the interviews held. The most loving part was to interact and be a bridge between the employees and the management. ", " Day goes by very quick, Great place to work at for a newly graduate. the staff is friendly. Everyon works 4 days and 3 day off. ", " A typical day at work would inclued collecting the returned items and reading the reason why the item has been returned on a computer and if dammaged I would authorised a refund to the coustomer, ", " This company offered me a lot with regards to my field of work. Even though my time with Amazon.com was short I was able to learn so much within the short period I was with them. ", " I enjoy talking to and meeting new people and with this job I had the opportunity to do just that. I have worked with great people in my industry and the challenges were always very exciting to me. ", " Job responsibilities included but were not limited to: Walking 8-12 miles per day satisfying customer orders by picking the items and sending them off to the packing department. ", " As an Amazon vendor through the Northwest center I am responsible for checking in guest, distributing employee badges, handling crisis situations, and more. ", " management is very tight at amazon and the hardest part of the job was trying to please your manager. co-workers were great they help you out alot and the most enjoyable part of the job is just the enviroment ", " Great people to work with. I enjoy my time at work which makes time fly by. I appreciate the way management runs the shifts, very smoothly. The rates are a challenge to meet but very doable. ", " I learned alot about book grading about how taking the labels and scrapping them off in order to  scan them into the system. ", " Pushing a trolley roughly 8-10 miles a day. As a company Amazon is much akin to other multinational companies, both faceless and hollow. ", " Boring workplace that doesn't give you what you signed up for. I asked for 20 hours a week. The first week i got my 20 then they started to send us home early the weeks after. Dishonest. ", " on your feet all day moving around searching for different items in different areas to be shipped out to customers learned how to keep up with daily quota everyday great coworkers and excellent management ", " overall a good place to work but be ready to be told you need to move faster even if you improved from the last time you were informed you werent meeting their expected hourly rates ", " picking, packing and sorting orders.  Its hard to gain any kind of advancement.  The management is good and are easy to talk to.  The co-workers are hard workers. ", " A typical day at work is showing up well before your allowed to clock in. ( they expect it). Then management will tell you if they are going to VTO for that day. So some days you show up, and go straight home. If you do decide to stay, that work day is going to be slow and there won't be enough work for everyone, but management will expect you to keep your wait at 105% or higher.  You are expected to work quickly, with no quality errors, no extra bathroom breaks, no talking, and no walking  around. But doing all that is impossible since management does not give  you all the resources to exceed. Most people love/like this job the first weeks to months, then after that it quickly sours.  Their HR department always ensures that Amazon's needs are met no matter what. As long as you stay our of HR's way, show up to work early, clock out on time, and keep your head down and do your work with no complaints or issues then you will be fine. ", " would not recommend this company to anyone. no life outside of work no time for family need 8 hour shifts. only care about getting the product out ", " Amazon.com is one of the best companies i have worked for thus far. Their culture of doing things an working is amazing. I indeed worked hard, had fun and i made history. :) ", " lots of parcels to sort and deliver, management were very strict and overly bossy.  The warehouse was a fun place to work as my co-workers were fun to be around "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a very fast moving Place. I like to look at it like a beehive everyone is working hard toward a common goal. Customer satisfaction is the number 1 concern at amazon. ", " Doing daily walk through PM's a lot of them Computer tracking work completed un-supervised for the last year Nothing is hard with my job ", " If you have a request due to incompatible shift patterns they will have you fill out paperwork and then pretend it doesn't exist repeatedly. ", " A typical day of work consists of managing a small to medium group of associates to meet the the days goal for the largest internet based sales company around. I am able to guide associates to reaching their maximum potential by lending proper leadership, cohesion, and offering advice for possible changes in their scope of work. I am also responsible for tracking customer shipments, to ensure that they are prepared in the timely manner required for prompt delivery, ensuring a positive customer experience. Management seems to be constantly changing, and in many cases works hand in hand with associates, often performing the same duties to ensure goal achievement. The hardest part of this job is the stress that working in a building over 1 million sq. ft. in size, and the constant responsibility for maneuvering around to meet the goal. The most enjoyable part of the job is the complete unification obtained at numerous points in the day after achieving our goals. ", " Working at Amazon.com you learn a lot of things. We get cross-train on everything we want to learn. The bad thing about Amazon.com is it get very hot during the summer and cold during the winter. Also the management wasn't so great. ", " The managers we did not see that much, our supervisors were very friendly and helpful, co-workers made you feel like you been there for a while and knew everyone. The hardest part was to finish every inventory in a time limit.  ", " I learned about various jobs. As this was my first job I looked forward to learning about the shipping and receiving, using RF scanners. ", " Its a fun place to work... Pay is very low and the job is not hard but long hours on your feet. You can listen to music. A chance to move up to team lead is offered ", " working a few day per week with local electrican duties inculed repairing eletrical equipment and appliances running wiring for lights and other equipment ", " I like to work at amazon for one cause its casual wear for your clothing so you get to wear anything you want and the management team is very open to your ideas and care about how you doing every day. ", " long shift What i have learned from working at Amazon is that it's a fast paced job and there's always help from managers when I have questions on anything. ", " Its a fast pace work environment that is always filled with different challenges. The coworkers are good, friendly and help give life to the workplace. Management is for the most part attentive. ", " long hours on feet and walking miles a day to fulfill orders. pay and benefits are awesome. not much interaction with management other than stand up in mornings. ", " met good people when I was working at Amazon, also gaining the work experience which is valuable for future employment. The atmosphere was great, the hardest part when working there was the Christmas period ", " Even though have 10 hours days, there is a good balance in the pay.  The company attempts to judge there rates verses other places in the area, and it is in general not bad. ", " Enjoyed job. Used to meet lots of people. Meeting targets on day to day. able to do overtime. communication of each day was good and everyone knew what they were doing. Happy team ", " Amazon has taught me how to think outside the box, manage multiple employees, and has greatly improved my collaboration ability. ", " Workplace is great, and fun. Just a lot of loopholes in the system that can easily affect your work and your total time aboard Amazon. Great place but be careful ", " I think that they pay good but should make it more comfortable for you since they make you work like a slave. I liked the hours though. ", " Becoming apart of the Amazon Fulfillment Center team, has allowed for me to expand my leadership skills and apply them within a process that directly reflects the effectiveness of my supervision. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I'm a problem solver. I've learned how to quickly and efficiently solve the problems that the team members may have. Management is great. I love my co-workers. the hardest part about the job is standing for 10 hours a day but the friendships i have made make up for that. ", " Working at this company was okay. However, working with the managers is a hassle. If you want something done do not expect it to happen in a timely manner. The managers are all about making themselves look good in the firing rate than helping you as a associate move up. There is little to no advancement with this company. The way things are set up, you are bound to fail someway or another. ", " &gt;Assisted Sellers on Amazon.com receive compensation for any missing inventory lost due to shipping errors &gt;Learned the importance of working in teams to achieve a common objective &gt;Worked with and instructed Co-workers for best and quickest resolution to seller's concerns ", " I current work at Quidsi/amazon, Amazon took over not too long ago. Since they have taken over the company has took a turn for the worst. The attendance policy is designed to get you fired. They dont care about family life or emergencies. They run a very strick business. They expect more then what is achievable. Their expectations are VERY high, too high. It's like working in a sweat shop. Only positive are the benefits and the pay. ", " every day was the same, started with small meeting with managers and them everyone go to them jobs. I learned who work with pressure and stress, I fulfilled many roles and strive to achieve all targets. Management always tried to be honest with me and help with all problems. My co-workers were grate, always happy to help and chat. The hardest part of the job was when we were really tired and still had to keep good numbers,  The most enjoyable part of the job was stowing items on shelves. ", " people here have petty good technical skills. New graduates can learn quite a lot from the company ", " 10 hr shifts, lifting 50+ lbs boxes, standing all night 2 15 (really  9 min) break 30 min lunch ", " This is a good job. Very helpful co-workers and management. I would recommend this job to anyone. ", " good seasonal work and well paid for any able to do it. worth going for for anyone who wants some extra money around xmas and dosent mind walking a long way ", " I didnt really enjoy working by myself for 10 hours a day. I enjoy talking to people working with others ect. ", " arrived at work quick drink worked lunch worked breaks i didnt interact much with managers i just gt on with my job it was fun very physical been on feet alot the job wasnt hard at alli always tried to meet my targets n succeeded alot im really shocked i was layed off ", " I learned to drive a lift truck, and to work together as a team ", " Very Fast Paced Job, Fun to work. very friendly people. enjoy working here very much. ", " At amazon, instead of working right away all the employees and managers of the department have stand up. Stand up is where we learn our goal to make, review safety tips, concerns, success stories, stretch and etc. At amazon i had learned how to receive items, stow items in bins, and also pick customers orders. Management is always understanding and great help. My coworkers are helpful when needed. I never found my job to be hard. the most enjoyable part is knowing i successfully made my rate and having great people to work with. ", " A typical day would  start off with daily morning stretches and goals that need to be met,I learned how to be a picker, my job is to pick the items that the customer wanted then  put them on the assembly line.The hardest part of the job if your walker or don't exercise it hard to meet your goals and the most enjoyable is that your always rewarded and promoted. ", " Easy to learn, set schedule, benefits, overtime, paid time off and vacation, advancement opportunity ", " I enjoyed going to work and during the holidays we got a dj to come in and we got to listen to music while we worked. My manager and co workers were always a lot of fun. The hardest part was only that i worked midnights. The most enjoyable was all the people i got to meet and friends I made while i worked there. ", " Overall good company but does not like to hire, rather staff. ", " Amazon was gonna be the job that made life better.  I would be working with an internet giant and the pay was better than other warehouse jobs.  It started off great with lots of training and moves to get people crosstrained for promotion.  Then it just stopped.  Training for new positions dried up, hirings for new positions were all from outside the company. Management are a joke as they expect certain goals to be met but don't understand the job themselves.  Completely unrealistic goals from someone who hasn't spent a minute doing the job themselves. In all of my time there, I have applied for 17 jobs and been interviewed once.  There is NO advancement at the Indy location.  Very frustrating ", " face but steady paced work environment. i learned how to pick and pack. my co workers were great would help if and when needed. the hardest part of the job was to keep up with how fas the orders were coming in. i enjoyed the people who worked there. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " You always get what you want from them, they are awesome. Working with them as an app developer was an awesome experience. I still do make some apps from time to time for them. ", " Fun workplace Hours can be long at times good pay management not the best nice co-workers the most enjoyable part of the job was the work/life balance choice. ", " At Amazon you are given a lot of responsibility. However,the roles are not very challenging.  Additionally, there are many layers so it takes a while to get things done. ", " Basically  you pick and pack all day the long work hours is the only down side could be more work friendly but you learn good team work skills and it is a very live atmosphere. ", " We always start the say at stand-up. The area manager gives us a few tips about being safe stand work and quality work. After that every one goes to their assigned work place and we begin to work. ", " It is a great job starting out- however it is not meant to be a career by any means. Decent pay if anything. A great first job, temp job or occasional advancement. ", " They were not flexable with no one. It was a fast pace , busy job. It was very demanding for most people and it was none stop. The pay was pretty good for the amount of work that you had to do. ", " I was kept busy and was working 10-hour days. What the employee was given, could have been better, but the workplace was not one of the worst I've seen. ", " I enjoyed the work, people, the training and learning about the company was very good. Did not like that I was on a contract with them for peak season. Would have enjoyed being a permanent employee. ", " Amazon is an amazing place to work... the managers are great, the pay is great and I love how busy they keep us. They offer a lot of overtime and that's a plus. ", " Come to work in a timely manner. Be preparedto take on any jo or task that face me. Get alone with co-workers and management. Be the best i can be. ", " I wish Amazon was located where I live now, best company I have ever worked for. They are not judgmental at all, you will see someone will blue hair sitting next to someone who looks like your grandma. ", " Challenging and rewarding environment but with hinderances in advancement ", " It was ok work but you weren't treated very well by management. They didnt really care about you and there was way too much overtime. HArd to bablance work and family. ", " worked 4 days out of the week 10 hour days with one 15 min break and 30 min lunch, long hours. co-workers were friendly. hardest part was working hard long hours and having little time for breaks. ", " On a typical day I would open the store, get supplies prepared, and start cookers. I would take orders from customers, and do typical cashier duties. At closing time i would clean grills and tables, and close the shop. ", " my co-workers are very friendly. my job require me to stand for 10 hours which is very uncomfortable. I have learned that you have to be very careful with the packages. The most enjoyable part of my job is the breaks ", " I will say that it was arguably the ideal first job at least for about a year. There were too many changes in management. A typical day working here is very tedious and repetitive. Most employees were happier distancing themselves from direct labor. The system for tracking employee attendance and productivity was flawed and often exploited. Work-based decisions for adjustments in work processes seldom favored the associate to make their work easier and faster. Work ethic was considerably less important than social capabilities. In other words, talking got an employee more likely to move forward for promotions than productivity. The people I worked with were courteous and just as hardworking. In my opinion, the hardest part of working here was dealing with the long-term effects that the work had on an individual. I think what I found enjoyable, however, was the unique work ethic and the people around me. ", " I love the atmosphere at Amazon. I do not however love the Staffing agency in charge of hiring the majority of people in the Warehouse. I also hate the vendor service's pricing of items in the machines. ", " I love the communication with the employees with in my jobs. Especially communicating with the customers over the phone and in person, it's what I do best "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It was a good place to work and the co- workers are kind and helping when you need or ask them tho help you with something ", " Typical Day:  Learn new Tech Cannot talk about what I learned NDA Thought managers friendly co-workers enforcing dead lines everything so far ", " You do a lot of walking,they give away gift cards and gifts for production often. ", " Hi-tech, but Hi-touch.  Its the people that make the Amazon machine run.  Building the relationships with the associates and coming together as a team to achieve challenging goals, while maintaining a safe work environment was extremely rewarding. ", " Overall, Amazon does not take care of their employees. They are very busy focusing on the \"Customer\" they fail to take care of the people that make it happen.  Expect to work 12-14 hours a day, weekends, and be belittled on a daily basis. It's not a \"sensitive\" place, AKA, everybody is pretty much a jerk on purpose.  Amazon's compensation is based on \"Levels\" and you will be \"treated\" like you have a communicable disease if you are not at least a Level 5.  You will receive about $60,000 a year, but Amazon will say you make $90-100K because they do this smoke and mirrors fancy presentation about how much your \"Stock\" is worth. Of course you don't get your stock for 4 years and it is dependent on the market value of the stock.  You will never move up. You will be \"promoted\" nobody will pay you more. They will \"fire\" people, and you will then do two people's jobs. No problem. Job design? Yeah that doesn't exist. Back-scratching politics? TONS of them, better work on your brown-nosing skills!  Amazon only wants 1-2 years out of you. They are smart and have lots of data. They will bleed you dry until you become an alcoholic and then divorce you.  By the way, I still work at Amazon. :) I'm not a bitter passed-over employee, but this isn't a nice fluffy place to work. This is full of a-holes who put 590% into their work and don't have families. (Amazon probably loves this review, the culture is all about draining the life out of people). They are too young to see the value in retain ability. ", " learned everything on the job, very repetitive , didn't see much of an opportunity to grow within the company ", " Very fast paced work, i worked their during the peak period and was doing 60 hour weeks. The other workers are as friendly as they can be in that kind of job. Not the easiest of jobs to jump into but you do receive help when needed. ", " Amazon is a great place to work: you can show up basically whenever you want to; you can take pretty much any days off you need to; you will always be treated like an adult, and you will never be micromanaged. Also, you can bring your dog in.  At the same time, there are downsides: advancement is near impossible and generally the people you see getting promoted are the same people you didn't understand being successful in high school: they're the \"popular kids\" so to speak. ", " well put together, everyone was a hard worker, got everything done ahead of time ", " High volume accounts payable.  Hard working team.  A lot of time was freed up after system conversion (paperless). ", " you have to have the energy for this environment, basic training, but it would be better if they was more specific ", " arrive at work, star running morning reports consisting of production numbers for the previous day for the current days production meeting. assist associates with any time clock , or general work related issues involving time, pay, leading up to harassment. Juggle this along with reports of attendance, time off requests, disciplinary paperwork involving investigations and leading up to but not limited to termination. starting any new hire paperwork and ensuring they're given the proper tools to succeed. ", " Busy throughout shift. Working with RF scanning equipment. Management worked well with floor associates to promote  teamwork. Our shipping team was the best. The hours at times of peak production. Being part of a solid team that I enjoyed working with. ", " I recently was fired by Amazon because I was injured on the job. They had video of the incident and I reported it right away. They denied my workers compensation and then fired me. I tore my rotator cuff. They have outrageous standards. They tell you before they train you that Amazon standard is X and then when they train you they expect you to ignore X and do Y. Which is negligence on their part. I could handle the hours even though it left me to drained to do anything else throughout the week. Management lies to you to get you to sign papers and never do they give you copies of write ups. Co-workers there are always trying to take credit for things they didn't do just to get a little recognition. I think the only enjoyable thing about working there is the fact that you do earn personal time off fairly quickly if you are a full time employee ", " Across my vast spectrum of different job titles I amassed many new skills and ways of thinking outside the box in many areas. A typical work day would include forecasts of daily goals and expectations, workforce alignment and daily walk throughs with upper management. I enjoyed every minute there and adapted well to the seemingly daily changes and growths that Amazon  adapted as a part of a bigger picture. ", " I enjoyed my time working there because i learnt a lot for the short period of time i worked there. ", " I would come to work begin the shift with stretches have my first break and then my lunch break come back, stretches again, then finish the second have of the shift. I learned a lot of thing I wasn't in knowledge with before, I learned how to work machines, I learned the process of shipping and handling and picking items with a radio frequency scanner. Management at times was poor, there were many times where I felt uncomfortable with situations and I had approached to them and had my situation ignored. I loved my co workers, I believe that having good coworkers makes work a lot more easy going. The hardest part of my job was probably having to stand in one spot for multiple hours. A lot of jobs you have to stand all day but there is definitely a big difference when you walk around all day and just stand in one spot all day. The most enjoyable part of my job was working with others and the environment. ", " Picking merchandise for client that order online, I also worked packing item for delivery. ", " I clock in. I look at my assignment for the day. I do my assignment for the whole 10 hours I am at work. I get two 15 minute breaks and one 30 minute lunch. ", " it was a ok job but wasn't gareenteed 40 hours a week it was very fast pace that I loked "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon Ric-2 Fulfillment Center ensures that Amazon customers' orders are fulfilled as expediently as possibly. It specializes in using up to date logistic practices to ensure orders are processed, shipped, and arrive at their designated destination. ", " fun place to work typical day-clock in, do your job, learned new skills, management is great, coworkers are easy to get along with, nothing hard about the job ", " Consumes a lot of your time with little payoff.  They don't pay very well and they are demanding and strict. ", " customer care for Spanish clients contacts to transport companies and logistics fulfillment centers all conferences/ trainings/ talking to co-workers was done via Microsoft Communicator  home based job the hardest part of the job was not to have a real work team but a virtual one ", " GOOD JOB TO DO TO START OF WITH BUT NOT AN LIFE CAREER JOB HAD TO PICK PACK SHIP ", " picked or packed depending on shift. learned how to drive order picker. managemanet was ok. co-workers very friendly. hardest part is moving through crowded isles. enjoyable part is staying busy and competitive goals. ", " My typical work day consists of accurately counting product in the warehouse. I learned how Amazon works. My management and coworkers were awesome. Absolutely no complaints. ", " Always busy, with great people to work with and the management is awesome. They make sure employees are treated properly to get the best work experience. ", " this company is great however they start you out as a temp, and then offer full time company positions that not everyone will get. ", " clock in go to my area grab a tote and sign in to my area and check got everything there and then scan my tote then check the items makke sure not damaged the scan find out what box it goes into then put into the box with dunnige i learnt how to check for damages all co workers was nice and friendly hardest part of job is the targets the mos enjoyable was meeting new pople ", " A typical day at amazon was to go inside, pass security and stretch. the bell rings and work begins.  fast paced and always active, breaks were broken up duiring peak season.  job was fun but the hours were long and you are never really sure about the security of the job. ", " In amazon there are many different tasks that are to be done. Some days I Simple bin which is going onto the floor and counting the product in each individual bin. There is also Adhoc's which is when you count each bin but you have to scan each individual item to make sure that the product is both physically and virtually in the bin. I am also trained as a problem solver which allows us to go onto the floor to follow the counters and fix any problems they may find with the bins; such as multiple scannable barcodes, missing barcodes,  ambiguous asin, and etc. There is also Audits. We have to make sure that the bins are being stowed accurately so we do stow audits if someone did not meet the expectation we have to let our manager know. The management at amazon is fairly good the communication could be a little better when it comes to overtime but besides that management is good at keeping everyone organized and on task. The work at amazon is a group effort everything ties into one another simple bin ties into adhocs when they miscount the number of pieces, adhocs then goes to the bin and scans each product and occasionally they have an issue with the bin so they pull an andon for the problem solver to come out and fix it so they can count the bin in the next round.  To me the most enjoyable part of the job is the fact that it is fast paced and you get to communicate to your coworkers to assure that the job is being done right. ", " I worked 2 years for amazon as a financial analyst starting in Seattle and transferring to NY.  For the most part I have had a good experience working for amazon with fair competition and hours.  Every department seems to be unique but my growth opportunities were not as plentiful as I would have hoped. ", " Very fast pace place . Must be a team player .Management easy to get along with and have your back.Peak season is very busy but fun . ", " This job is draining. The workers along with managers are disrespectful with no understanding. You'll work too hard to be treated unfairly and would want higher pay ", " A typical day at work was fast paced, you mainly kept to yourself and didn't really interact with anyone else. The hardest part of the job was constantly using the step ladder to get up and count the bins, then going all the way down to being on your knees multiple times an hour. The most enjoyable part of the job was I had no distractions and I could finish my job with no interruptions. ", " Good experience for young adults just graduating from high school and looking for their first job. They teach you to be on time and a little discipline with job functions. Also to manage your own time you accrual each pay check. The importance of not wasting time or money to ensure customer satisfaction everyday. ", " The day is busy, fast enviroment, and team work. I learn how to do my job fast and safely. the job allow you to learn many departments. Managemnt are easy to talk too. The co-worker are good to work like every other job. The harderst part of the job, finish the goal for the day and have VTO. I enjoy learning new departments and work as teams. ", " A temporary position for the christmas rush of orders. It was hard work but enjoyable. Every person from management to floor was respectful and very helpful. ", " I only worked at amazon for about 2 months because of the holiday coming around and I was only a temp but for the short amount I worked there I worked every place I think that was hard for me because they never kept you in 1 place and I hated that. At amazon I learned how to pack and also scan items. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " They want you to hit what's called rate which is usually 400 units per hours but they put you in places inside the warehouse where items are stuffed into bins already and they want you to find room for another 400+ items to be stuffed into bins. One word to describe my time there Miserable. ", " Where I was placed, I learned very quickly what I needed to do but I feel like for the people who couldn't learn quickly, they were somewhat pushed to the side without the proper help. ", " I have been writing for various concerns through the Amazon site for over a year. In that time I have had the opportunity to learn new skills and hone my existing writing, editing and proofreading skills. ", " The job itself is okay... Just as a picker it is extremely boring... Do not get much interaction with others... Makes for very long days... And mandatory overtime... Especially in the fall... ", " As a picker, I would gather and load about 1000 items in a day to be sent off to the packing department. I would walk about 10 miles or more in 10 hours and I would do this 4 days straight. I learned in a few weeks how to do this efficiently from using the scanner gun I use to identify where I'm going and what I needed to pick up. The management staff was friendly but was often absent from the station I'm supposed to visit them at when I needed their help (and the help stations within the work area are few and far between). And the co-workers to which I conversed with were all nice people. The best part about the job was getting off at 6 and sometimes joining some guys in the break room for some rounds of Soul Calibur on the PS3.  The problem for me was that I kept having issues regarding my feet being in pain despite my custom doctor-prescribed inserts for my flat feet as well as my eyes. Though it apparently it isn't much of a problem for most people at Amazon, I kept having a problem of dust or what not getting caught in my eye, scratching the top layers up and leaving infections. I went to the doctors on numerous occasions and bought many pairs of goggles. The ones that the warehouse would approve me of didn''t work, and the ones that did were rejected. To avoid the problems I had, bring some non-tinted ski mask goggles, though they can get pricey. ", " I loved the customer-centric approach of every operations. The company is huge and that gives you the space to try out new things- but you need to make your own time without compromising on your deliverable. So it is all about what you make out of the place. ", " management is horrible they don't work around your school schedule hardest part of the job is being on your feet for 10 hours a day. ", " I enjoyed going to work and during the holidays we got a dj to come in and we got to listen to music while we worked. My manager and co workers were always a lot of fun. The hardest part was only that i worked midnights. The most enjoyable was all the people i got to meet and friends I made while i worked there. ", " worked and over night job so it was a difficult thing to do. Yet had approved paid time off. Management is good too and its a well organized work space ", " Amazon also known as Gym amazon. Never standing still always moving and keeping occupied. Delighting people around the world with products they love. ", " Overall, a great experience to work for them. We worked 10 hour shifts loading trucks all day. It helped me to gain strength, but was the hardest job I've ever done. ", " Great place to work...Fast pace, long hours, friendly people we get the job done ", " Management works with you to help you better understand and preform your job. The work environment is cool. thy give employees incentives to come to work. ", " This is a great place to work. The amazon staff if very helpful and you can learn a lot. However, the Smx Staffing agency needs to learn to get their facts straight and not change the story later and blame Amazon for their mistakes and their miscommunication. ", " Very unprofessional company to work for. Senior staff seem to be very power hungry. Happy to tell you when something is wrong. But never there to let you know when you have worked beyond your requirements.   Pay people off on a constant basis.  ", " Working at Amazon you will learn a lot it's also i great place to work you meet new people. everyone there helps each other with whatever they need. ", " Your job is not ever secure, with thousands of temps waiting to take your job you can easily be replaced with just one slip up. They work you hard and don't really care about your position with the company unless you're a manager but it's great money. I've yet to hear someone say they liked the job but you always hear it's good money. ", " Amazon is okay, its not the best job. You aren't ever really guaranteed a job there. If your season ends and you don't get hired on full-time then you get let go. The people there are pretty cool though. ", " This was a pressure cooker of a job for me.   I was asked for ETAs on things I knew little about daily and had to provide a 100% sure answer with absolutely never seeing any of the code I was supposed to work. They use no carrots here.  It's all sticks.   And when you do a great job and get 10 miracles done in 2 day they will throw 10 more insane tasks at you to get done in 2 or 3 days.    Because everyone is so over tasked it's extremely hard to get others time for background help. I would only say that the pay was good and there are really smart people there. But the turn-over is the worst I've ever seen.  I've been there 6 months and 6 people have left and gone in my group.  4 have come and left in that very short period of time.  And most were good workers that just didn't want the level of stress.  I consider myself extremely driven and this place was too much for me.  My health is more important than a few extra bucks.   Run from this place despite the enticement of money.  They clearly put NO value in there employees.    There's nice people to work with... those are the miserable ones generally...  and there's complete ruthless task masters.   I had 3 managers for just me... one developer.  Usually it's the other way around and you will have 3 developers for one manager.  But for me it was reversed.  Just bad management if you ask me.   I finally pushed back to get more developers and they got an intern.    So little investment in developers in my opinion.  You will quickly go from 40 to 45 to 50 hours in no time.  You can probably get by with 50 hours ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> working extremely hard.  But more like 60 hours will be the norm if you don't want that much stress. I worked 8am to 6:30 pm most every day on average (with some days leaving as late as 8pm) and it is non-stop every second of every minute of every hour at 100% with very few breaks.  Just to give you a reference point.  Maybe this is because I was a contractor.  But it seemed the same for full time as well to me. ", " Amazon got some great DBAs around.  It was fun working with them and learned a lot.  Oracle on Linux is the standard along with FSFO.  The tools built to support the Oracle platform are outstanding.  If you run into some problem, some DBAs are always around to support you.  Overall, it's a good place to work, at least for some newly minced DBA because he will learn a lot. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " good company to work for, it's just too much turn over, but that's the way its designed. the hardest part of the job was making the hourly rate. the company changed the app on the computer so that you would not know what your rate really was. i really enjoyed making the rate. ", " basically same as the other one. full time hard labor work as a team shipping products in and out the building. warehouse type environment. provide e.xcellent service for our consumers. ", " Long days with lots of walking with meetable standards. Managers breathing down your neck. No sense of job security. ", " working at Amazon was okay to an extent. The department manager had her picks and was very sneaky and strict. She treat you like young kids. I enjoyed working with my employees and meeting new people, but when it comes to talking and working we couldn't do that. For 11 to 12 hours you can't talk, but like I said the manager had her picks of who can do what. ", " This position was very stressful. Always had to meet certain numbers by  a certain time. Aside of that management was great, I really enjoyed our standup meetings. ", " hard work/ hard payoff. Amazon is an interesting place to work. High turnover, but some stand the test of time.You do learn a lot of good facts and information to work successfully in a warehouse. ", " Amazon Swansea - 2014 to 2015 (night shift) I got the opportunity to work for a big worldwide company getting to pack parcels which would get sent around the world, it was amazing to be a part of the team, I learnt how to rebin, pack and a simple bin count using a handheld scanner and also over the Christmas period I gift wrapped parcels. ", " I was working in Inventory Dept. doing Cycle counting for 8 hours a day during the Holidays. I helped out train new employees and showed them out to use the oracle gun to cycle count. I learned this was a fast paced job and required alot of standing on your feet. They help you when you have trouble in your dept. ", " No review to tell at this time. I do not respect the management team and I have learned that it takes many years and many broken promises in order to work your way up, that is why I am looking elsewhere. ", " I loved working in this place, it was a fast paste and my bosses and peers made it really easy to work with my school schedule. The only thing that I didn't like was the pay, other wise i would have stayed. ", " Work Task oreinted. No room for mistakes.Leadership is mostly run by college student with no life experince and very little people skills.  Very hard on the feet and very loud. Often time asked to volunteer leave because they want to keep labor extremley down. ", " In Inventory Control and Quality Assurance my role is fundamentally about driving quality within specified area through continuous process of improvements. This is accomplished through inventory cycle count, identifying defects, researching and analyzing the root cause of defects and determining the best way to eliminate future, and similar defects. ", " hard work required and lots of sleep until u adjust to the work and schedule. I enjoyed working stow more than pick and maybe because i just didnt have the shoes for walking at the time. Because believe you me that you will be walking ALOT! ", " Picked items and sent them to shipping for packaging a lot if walking long hours 7am-5:30pm ", " Day shift starts 7ish 10 hr days fast pace to make units per day fairly easy job co-workers actually make it fun so time passes quickly the hardest part is actually staying there those 10 hrs daily the easy part is going home if you do make it til the end of the day. ", " My typical day would be to go in the system to see what orders needed to be out for the day. I was in the position of shipping oversized items that had to be overwraped. The hardest part of my job would be during peak when I had to train new people that didn't want to work. My most enjoyable part would be training new people that wanted to work and we got everything out on time ", " No heat in winter, no air in summer. Same product spread all over warehouse. Management was people that had never worker in production. ", " Great place to meet new people and stay in shape! Management varies depending on personality and job function. Learn great time management and efficiency skills Youthful coworkers ", " Best place to learn a lot and do a lot of interesting things. But the problem would be the non technical managers deciding architecture of the systems. ", " Launched and operated food vending business by negotiating deals with outside food vendors  \tHired and supervised staff at various locations  \tCreated online business store through Amazon.com, managed invoicing, shipping/receiving and customer service activities  "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Very nice place to work with really nice coworkers packing singles and multiple items ready to be shipped. The hardest part was being really fast, but that was something I learned easily. The Most Enjoyable part was interacting and helping each others with any doubt about some items. Even the managers were very helpful and we all felt like a family. It's a shame it was just for the christmas. ", " I worked for Amazon with all the promises of being rewarded with substantial payments for overtime etc; Did this occur?? NO!! You start with a good work load and then the number of drops increases and increases and you put in about 15 to 16 hours daily and not get paid for the extra hours that you work!!!! There is also the no return with undelivered packages!!!! ", " A very good place to work, from the people to the mangement, bonus incentives, good hours, overtime, paid time off, the only drawback is you have to get in through a Staffing Agency, very hard to do, but would do it all over again just to try and get hired full time. ", " Operated hand held scanners, pallet jack, scanned merchandise into bins, loaded and unloaded trucks. was a great team member that come in first place more than once. ", " The center was a well functioning building it was the largest id ever seen and they had all of the bacies covered for the most part as far as keeping things running. They had a guy for any and every possible problem thad did or could ever occor. ", " 4-10 hr work days to start, when peak starts you're working 50 hrs plus. Fast paced high volume work environment. Mininmal supervision ", " Amazon Fulfillment is a nice place to work if only for the Christmas season. My coworkers were all very nice people. The hardest part of the job is actually being on your feet walking around all night. But the most enjoyable part of your job is making sure that you deliver that smile to the person you go and pick their product for. ", " A day at Amazon FC, clock in, stretch, get told what you are doing for the day, do what you're told to do for 5 hours, lunch (the shortest 30 mins of your life),clock back in, stretch, get told what to do for the last 5 hours of your shift, go home and do it for 4 days a week! ", " typical day at work as a picker packer, wages not too good but there again you don't need much experience as a picker i got on well with work colleagues and work was only round the corner from my home. ", " So many great people who work right next to you just as hard as you to get the job done. Great teamwork overall. I would recommend. ", " This job is draining. The workers along with managers are disrespectful with no understanding. You'll work too hard to be treated unfairly and would want higher pay ", " you walk about 20-30 miles a day  but it is a great place you learn a lot from them, they are super nice and its a great place to work ", " received product into building so stowers could replenish the shelves/ also researched purchase orders. How to multi-task in researching purchase orders to attach to products. Managament worked very hard to help with production worked extremely well with co workers. walking more than 10 to 15 miles a day working with awesome people ", " This is a good place to gain quick money over holidays summer time or christmast time. but you have no time for your self as in peak Times you work 5 days for 11 hours ", " if you do not have a family then these are the jobs for you because they will both work you 6 days out of a week. You had to work 40 hours a week and overtime was mandatory. ", " Mangers promised alot and never came threw for us. we couldnt move up because in there eyes its not how hard you work its who you know. ", " Amazon is full of bright A-personalities, unfortunately, with little/no documentation and training it can be a difficult place to work. ", " positive place to work, if you want to have fun and be around positive lively people, its for you. If you have a life outside of work, this might not be for you. ", " Seasonal position over Xmas 2012. Ended Jan 13. Receiving calls from Amazon customers with a wide range of queries regarding products, delivery and account inquiries. Very high PC speed required for the role and excellent navigation skills required when resolving customer queries. ", " While I worked for Amazon, I meet and made friends. I enjoyed working for the company. It was always my dream to work for amazon. while I worked for amazon I was in charge of keeping the building stocked with technology inventory. I was in charge of contacting vendors to send off broken equipment and order equipment if needed. I did weekly and monthly audits for the inventory "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " No heat in winter, no air in summer. Same product spread all over warehouse. Management was people that had never worker in production. ", " typical day at work 10-12 fast paced lots of walking, Being that i worked overnight the hardest part of the job was focusing after 5 in the a.m ", " Amazon has a good work environment. Jobs are simple, from picking to packing. My co-workers were very nice people who i got along with very well. ", " Decent place to work, long hours and on your feet all day. Leadership there isn't great and not many of the supervisors or managers even know who your name or have even talked to you before. ", " Good atmosphere and great working conditions.  Good 40 hour work week and only working 4 days a week.  Good people to work for. ", " I worked remotely from home, which is great for someone who likes to be confined to a chair continuously taking phone calls ", " Face pace work place good healthcare plans big on following company safety policies not very good at listening associates suggestions ", " The work isn't hard but you have to be quick and in shape they say you will walk at least a mile everyday and it sure does feel likes it. ", " fun work environment. I learned to be a good employee. was taught to have patience and the customer always right. very fast pace gotta stay moving but great exercises ", " Challenging, demanding, fun, adventurous, innovative plus a bit hectic work. Nice place to work. work hard make history ", " Friendly people with smiling faces who are willing to help answer questions or assist you to find anything you need. ", " I simply loved my job while working there . You meet so many good people and get to help them in so many different ways. the possibilities are endless. ", " Not the best place to work. They claim advancement but even with a degree its hard to move up. Its a who you know kind of job which will dictate wether your able to progress around the warehouse. ", " cool place to work room for advancement learned how to train audit and semi manage groups co-workers were freindly but always got the job done....nothing was hard about the job....and the recognition you get for a job well done ", " Your scanner guides you through a path of picking product that customers have ordered. once your totes are filled you put them on the conveyer and cont. this process ", " Long day's. Management needs work (poor internal comm). HR personnel management needs work (time and attendance). Very little profit margin as a whole, therefore no job security. ", " Working in a warehouse environment was great. It was a very sociable job. Lots of competition was enforced at this job. the pay was great but too bad it was temporary. ", " Daily focus is on customer experience. A typical day is never typical due to the many moving parts in our operation. Every day is always interesting and challenging. ", " Worked as an intern at Lab126. The assigned project was one of the most challenging one. Learnt a lot of new things but had to put in the hours. ", " Very long hard enduring hours, not really enjoyable, somewhat moderately easy yet very tough due to length and temperature. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The worst place to work. I do not advise anyone to apply there. The temperature is hot and the management at CAE 1 are awful and unfair. ", " this place was like a zoo total crazy If you were a temp u worked harder then anyone else I DO NOT TELL ANYONE TO GO TO WORK THERE ", " It was a very difficult job which ordered you to be very active and fit and on your feet all the time. But the pay was good and you got to make new friends who worked with you. ", " Friendly people but they only hire pt (20 hour a week). Not enough to live off of if you have a family. Fun place to work but more for a high school or college person to live of the minium pay checks. ", " As an Ops Manager the role is very restricted compared to others with the majority of your tasks being micro managed by senior management. A very political atmosphere. ", " I work at the Patterson Amazon as a contract employee. Typical day isn't so bad but it is stressful and now the warehouse morons want us to start scanning as well! Those idiots have the manpower to send their own people out to do it. Last thing I need is to be slowed down with their BS.  Also note, I learned that most of the employees at Amazon are temps! ", " friendly and helpful trainers. Outstanding training. typical day is taking easy phone calls from home helping customers with shipments. Easy metrics to meet. ", " So many great people who work right next to you just as hard as you to get the job done. Great teamwork overall. I would recommend. ", " TO many high Standards impossible requirements and no permanent breaks they use you only to ketch up on there back orders then when there cought up they get rid of you. ", " \u2981\tProvided report status of assigned project, including daily updates, bugs, scheduling and overall quality assessment \u2981\tEfficiently fulfilled fast-paced, high-level demand of builds, installer, detect tracking and fixing using MS SQL Server 2000 database \u2981\tPerformed manual black box testing from Beta, Pilot, RC to the final release ", " The job would have been a lot better if I would have been in a different department. My department was directly affected by all the other department in a negative way. The goals that were set were hard to meet especially with the other stowers \"Cherry Picking\" the best carts. Overall poor training and poor support lead to me leaving the organization. ", " This job worked out well for me at the time.  As long as you are self-directed and disciplined, you could keep steady pay.  The secretaries were helpful and courteous. ", " At Amazon I was a stower, so basically I used a scanning gun, scanned items and out them onto shelves. I had the best co-workers. The hardest part about my job was to keep up with the rate they wanted us to be at and there not being any space to store really big items. ", " long 10 hours of work but every exciting always workimng working working its starts to feel like home and lots of different people ", " 10 Hours on certain days weekly, learned a lot, management are well organized, people are friendly but quiet, standing on floor 10 hours daily is hardest part and I enjoyed being busy all the times. ", " If you live to work you will love it. Work life balance non-existent. ", " Hardest part of the job was keeping my goal rates high. Other co workers would pick through the orders and leave me and others with less work to pack, leaving me with a lower rate then normal. ", " Great employer. Great hours and paid good. Just wish they would've kept me after seasonal since they said how fast I was and how great my work was overall ", " At my time with Amazon it was a great experience. This was my first warehouse and the people made it better. The hardest part about the job was, i would say would be shrink wrapping pallets at times. ", " Work was grand, very repetitive though, but isn't every job really? I loved the working environment though, no one ever really seemed to be in a bad mood and you'd have a good laugh working there. I wish I was never let go to be honest but that's how it is and that's how it goes I suppose. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " great place to work, team leaders are very hands on, pay is great oppurtunities for advancement are around every corner ", " Busy from the time i clock in until i leave.  I sort fill move to another area to be packed. walk up and down stairs all day.  I learned how to wrap quickly and correctly, and my manager was nice, but hard but he work got done.  my co- workers are nice hard working.  Hardest part of my job is not being able to sit down every now and then. ", " nice work ,clean warehouse,nice team ,all staff are great,the shifts  are perfect, u can chouse to work night or day shift, u have bus to come to work and to go home. ", " Hard labor job a lot of walking. No dress code you can come to work as comfortable as you want to just appropriate attire must be worn. Always offering VTO and VOT. ", " The job is fast paced and works consistently with global orgs. The management is scattered and targets are always moving. It is very difficult to know what is expected. ", " It is a learning experience, somewhat advancement, a career to grow in. ", " typical work day is stretching grab scanners go to location and start counting, fun and energetic  co-workers. it maybe a stress full job but knowing that work was taken care with no issues ", " This job was a great job, It made me wake up and be happy about going to work due to its environment. They had a lot of fun activities, from free snacks, to daily exercises, and prizes. All the breaks were given at the correct time. Also they made the job really easy to understand and the ambassadors were really helpful. ", " easy , laid back , i learned alot bout the dock , my manager was a good guy is also worked with us , only part that was hard was maintaining like keeping up because sometimes  the Line will be going extra fast , ", " My time working at Amazon.com in their Customer Service team was time well spent. The most enjoyable part of the job was often the most challenging - assisting customers with their issues and resolving problems in new and creative ways. Later as a CS Lead, I was able to assist CSAs with both their professional and personal development. ", " Fast paced, everybody worked job to get their jobs done.  Most of the people were very nice. Big turn over rate. Not a lot of room for advancement though. ", " Well I just want to go to work and do my job and complete the job duties that I'm required to do each day and leave out each day the same way I go in. I'm looking for new employment because I'm not working 40hrs a week only working about 20 and need a stable job. ", " Working at amazon was a great experience.  I enjoyed working there.  It's very fast paced but I managed to get the job done. However, what I didn't like was that I was stopped from work a couple days before the holidays.  And I wasn't even given a notice.  While on my shift I got called into the office and told that the assignment was complete. ", " working at amazon has drained me emotionally and physically, if you have loved ones good luck seeing them. between working and getting enough sleep, you'll be too zombied out to have a social life. ", " A day at work would consist of going and doing stretches then getting to work. Work there wasn't hard but at times frustrating being a shower during peak season. I would work here in a heart beat lots of fun and great staff. I learned how Amazon handles their products with lots of care and always has their customer in mind. ", " I was working on the docks (outbound) so i was putting the boxs into the truck and it was a fast pace always kept a great personality and stayed a hard worker and listen well. co workers like every other job, the hardest part of the job was stacking the boxs in the truck an making a nice wall with boxs sorta like stacking fire wood ", " As i worked at day shift (7a.m-3p.m) the hardest part of the job was to get up early. However, it was the most enjoyable part, as i finished early as well. All managers and co-workers were very nice and polite, so the working atmosphere was friendly. This job helped me to gain positive experience and developed my communication and supervisor skills. ", " Amazon work for me was a beneficial experience, I learned how important organizing a large group with several departments. I had the opportunity to meet and interact with people of different religions and from different countries, people who made me a great pleasure to work, i learned how important workplace safety ", " Initial gather and goal planning would take place before executing our quota or work load for that selected day. After we meet our goals we have opportunities to persue daily prizes. ", " pulling orders to fill on-line orders. Management worked hard to make sure we had an idea of how things where going. Co-workers all worked well together. the job was pretty easy. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day involved driving up to a minimum of 10 hours and delivering up to 130-150 parcels. I learnt how crucial it is to have a strong attention to detail.  To conclude it was a demanding job which challenged you both mentally and physically. ", " It was  good to work there , learned about Warehouses\" environment , learned how to use different tools and how to use radio scanner and vary of tools and devices ,everything was organized, everyone was respectful , ", " Hard working and non stop wok productivity. Excellent employers as long as you work your hump off, you even get converted to be within the company with benefits etc. ", " I was employed via an agency, who were pretty much useless if you had any issues, they didn't want to know. They are paid by Amazon and will never go against them. Amazon constantly broke the law and the agencies went along with them. I loved working for Amazon, but was treated so badly by the agency. All agencies at Amazon are the same, they have no interest in your concerns or well being, all they are interested in is the money that Amazon pay them, they couldn't care less about their own employees. ", " I really enjoyed the co-workers, the jobs was fast pace and very knowledgeable, Management was great to employees ", " i like dont like standing on my feet for 10hrs it to much other then that its ok ", " I am the only person in the department on my shift, I have had to learn how to manage my time and cultivate relationships. My manager is stationed at another location so I am the owner of this department. Also, there is no one else who comes in behind me at night so its a must that I stay current with my duties. I have to maintain my shift as well as set up the night shift operations in order for them to be successful. It has proven to be a challenge at times for me and with that I have been exposed to many experiences. Gaining the trust of the company, I have been selected to be sent out to other facilities as well as train multiple people to set their departments up for success. I have been working here for over 5 years and now I have come to the point in my life where it is time for growth. I have no regrets, &amp; love working here. ", " A typical night shift would include collecting items which came in from deliveries and my role was to arrange these items into their correct catagories. The hardest part of this job role was working towards the targets although I did achieve these. Overall Amazon was a good place to work as christmas temp. ", " I enjoy working in this company but they are only hiring when it's on peak season, good as a seasonal job. ", " It is just a temp service, no hard work, loved all my co-worker. The best thing about the job is that you get a chance to be hired on to amazon. ", " A typical day at work is making sure your rate is where it needs to be . I enjoyed working there . ", " Generally a good job. good benefits. co-workers are nice and helpful. management is better than most ", " Amazon is a fascinating place to work. It's a massive campus and can be very exciting at times. But the typical day to day was inconsistent with management, direction, and left little to be desired for work-life balance. ", " No complaints, this company has stood behind their word since day one. ", " This was a very different  job then I am use to, It was also done on a seasonal basis. Everyone is pushed to work has fast has you can so a typical day there is work hard and fast, very quiet except for all of the machines running . Most of the Management was very helpful. You only see co-workers in passing or on breaks they are hard workers no one really gets to know anyone. The fast pace for 12hrs. is hard to get use to. ", " A typical day at work for me was to come in, socialize before clocking in, going to daily work meetings to know what the agenda and goals were for the day. I learned that things spread around the warehouse really fast. I learned to keep personal business and work related issues separate. The hardest part of the job was getting used to the cold. Some days were easy to work through but most days were a drag!! The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people and the work ethic experience I got out of it. My co-workers were very friendly and helpful. The overall job is easy but the staff are not professional at all. ", " The hardest part is standing on your feet all day. Once you get passed that its easy. They train you very effectively and make sure you know how to do the job assigned to the best of your ability. If you are struggling they will definitely help you out and figure out what can be fixed or changed. ", " A typical day at work would be first reporting to a stand-up meeting where our managers tell us pertinent information about the department and company. I've learned a lot about how a top fulfillment center works with their various processes.  The management is uplifting, energetic and great to work with. The managers really want to see their associates succeed. My co-workers are courteous and fun to work with. The hardest part of the job is making rate when some of the other departments are behind in their processes. The most enjoyable part of the job is hanging out with co-worker friends on breaks and lunches. Overall, it's been a very good work experience. ", " All workers were dedicated to having a wonderful and productive day due to the inspiration of the management team. I enjoyed the job in general. The worst part of the job was maybe the hours I chose to take. ", " I liked working by myself even though sometimes I would rather work in a group but I made my expectations at this job and I was glad about it. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " When i go into the building first i clock in and we have a meeting for all associates that are stowing called a \"Stand-Up\" We go over quality, success stories, if there is any overtime, safety issues, and safety reminders, we also go over where the work is on different floors of the building of the items that needs to be stowed. I learn things everyday as i go depends on what i am doing everyday. My management team is okay, they look out for their associates when they are in need of help or if there are any questions they always have ansers. The Co-workers are helpful, they work hard, always seen with good confidence and motivation thats another thing with our stand-up meetings they can motivate you on doing a good job everyday. In my opinion the hardest about my job is finding space to virtually stow an item. Eventually, looking for space wastes alot of time and brings your rate down, management are pretty strict about rates. The things i enjoy about this job are that some co-workers are nice to you and when you need help with anything they are always there to help. I also like that your getting all the exercise you need working here. The building is very big so there is alot of walking, lifting etc. Almost every job in this building works in a fast pace. ", " Very stressful job at Amazon. They will figure out what you're capable of doing in 50 hours and then give you more. Compensation package includes a lot of stocks which are valuable. ", " great company despite lay-offs and the numerous times they happen. ", " long 10 hours of work but every exciting always workimng working working its starts to feel like home and lots of different people ", " At Amazon you are given a lot of responsibility. However,the roles are not very challenging.  Additionally, there are many layers so it takes a while to get things done. ", " Management most of the time seems to not know what's going on which creates a lot of chaos on the job. ", " I had good days and bad days worked long hours and short breakes. ", " love meeting the people I worked with and the bosses where good ", " I liked working with the customers to find games they and their kids would like.  Also, plenty of time spent stocking, which I'm good at....and often prefer to working the floor.  - N ", " typical job nothing fancy hard work but so is most warehouse jobs. ", " I loved working at Amazon in ph8, the hardest part was when the items were coming down the line very fast with few people on the line. ", " I was a picker, stower, and also dockworker i also drove machines to move items back and forth ", " I was only seasonal , but it was a very confusing and stressful environment. ", " dont work here. They're slave drivers and this is usually never a permanent position. ", " fun place great people nothing bad good hours nothing bad to say ", " The Amazon culture is one based on working hard and playing hard.  The workplace required attention to detail and time management but when the job was done there were great rewards for the employees.  The culture was set from the beginning by the leadership and was continuously strengthened by management on the floor.  Overall, a great place to work and launch a career, but if you are looking to stay and retire then be prepared to move. ", " it was hard work but it was bearable due to the comforting work enviorment provided ", " Exciting work and great learning experience. Lots of freedom to think independently and execute. Visibility to higher management ", " Amazon was one of the best if not the best call center I have ever worked for. I worked your typical customer service / tier 1 technical support position. AT HOME. Not only was Amazon amazing at letting you be yourself, they are the most customer focused company I have ever had the pleasure to be with. This company is proof that you can enjoy your job and not feel like you need to change your personality when you walk through the door. ", " The place ins't too bad, with decent pay. However the work routine gets very over bearing and the rude and idiotic management doesn't help.   If there is a noticeable problem even to a chimp, don't expect it to be fixed until the \"numbers\" come in a month later showing it (no matter how many complaints by employees.)  The balance of productivity and quality standard, all while following policy, is a fools dream. If you work in a department called stow, you can GUARANTEE a write up and almost  a complete loss in pride in your job.   Welcome to Amazon, where customers matter and employees are just a replaceable number of trash. Don't worry it's not our poor systems, just your poor work ethic! "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " As a personal shopper in Amazon l was responsible for picking, sorting and putting customer orders together as well as making sure that the order is complete. Working at Bona Park in Hemel Hempstead gave me the experience of packing big orders with efficiency and speed as well as hitting the target. Working at ASOS in Hemel I was stock taking as well as order picking and packing. I enjoyed loved every bit of my work. ", " Worked in Maintenance. After 7 years its hard to let go but in order to advance in my career i must leave. The business concept of Amazon.com is wonderful! On the other hand i believe strongly that this company has gotten too big for its britches. ", " Great company, hardest part of the job was the long hours working, standing and bending. ", " pack customer orders out and train new associate's on the packing process. also im apart of amazons problem solve team. this is where all problems come to me and see what's wrong with it and fix it to be shipped out. ", " Assigned to the Outbound Section where I rapidly pack/ship customer orders, load parcels into daily outgoing 42 foot trailers, adhere to strict safety, quality, and production standards. All the co-workers worked together as a team and the floor department manager's were always true professionals. ", " your hard work gets rewarded with a lot more of it. but at least they pay you. ", " There has only two shift per day (will add 3rd shift later). I have been learned how to get the productions and sent it to people who ordered them through online. There is kind of good management. There is very friendly co-workers. There is about 5,000 workers. Many people said there is hardest some area but to me, not too hardest part of the job. I have been most enjoy is compete with co-workers for best rate to receive the prize. ", " Working at amazon was an experience. It was my first time working in a distribution center and it actually wasn't that bad as i thought it would be ", " Normally I would get to work, pick up the scanner and pick the orders as the scanner tells. By the time you turn around it wound be break time. The management was not too good as if I was asking for help i.e got lost at the beginning they would say you are here to learn and would not give me the direction (not everyone but most). The coworkers were more helpful as I believe they have done it before themselves and as the place is very big there is always a chance to get lost especially at the beginning. The hardest part of the job was walking(or running) to get all the items from the scanner before it starts to count of the seconds and point you down. ", " Amazon has a very customer friendly environment. Amazon is a family based company. The hardest part of the daily routine in getting to know the different processes. The most enjoyable part of Amazon is the ability to learn every part of the Job. ", " great place to work if you don't like physical activity and you enjoy being yelled at over the phone ", " good pay and alright work conditions. co workers were cool but management didn't care about their employees. ", " Friendly associates.  Really concentrates on making &amp; maintaining a specific rate.  10 hour shifts. ", " Typical day is me picking items alongside with co-workers. I learned how to train people in the job I do. ", " enjoyed my time at amazon learned a lot  about warehouse work hardest part of the job was the night shift hours during the busy Christmas period. ", " Team oriented. Daily rates and quotas to exceed. The quality and inventory department is the heartbeat of production and manufacturing, we work with other departments to ensure quality standards are met daily and consistantly. ", " Hard Work, Have Fun, Make History. Standing, lifting, stretching, bending for long periods of time. Shipping customer orders. ", " amazon is a multinational company. i can proudly say, i worked in amazon for 15 months. that was a big experience in my life. ", " built axel for trucks worked lot of hrs but job ended was there for while wanting to make a career ", " I love the people worked with, the management is great, they have conducive working environment, the hardest part of the job is when you have to do mandatory overtime, but the most enjoyable part is the fringe benefit. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " We use to start at 4 o clock in the morning and began our shift with stretching our body parts so we are not tired good through the day and can work effectively. It was a good experience because i always wanted to know how these online internet site works and how they ship items to the customers all over the continent/world. It was a great experience and had fun working there. ", " Amazon is a high pace environment with excellent staff and supervisor that are always there to answer your question. ", " hours are long and all jobs are repetitive. In order to keep up with \"their\" expectations as far as quotas requires none stop hard work 10 hrs a day. Job totally replaced my home/family life with getting off sleeping and waking up just in time to go right back in. ", " Everyday, I was greeted by the nicest people that I've ever had the pleasure of working with. The people who answer the phones, and write the emails are genuinely as professional and caring as their emails would suggest.   Unfortunately, I learned that management does not want people to move from being off of the phone, and are more concerned with the metrics of the call center than the ever plummeting morale of the employees.   The hardest part of the job was conforming to a \"disagree but commit\" policy that left no room for actual disagreement.   The most enjoyable part of the job was delving into the psychology of great customer service with my fellow Quality Assurance Specialists. ", " Not what I expected from an industry leader.  Long hours with little recognition and promotion is based on who you know, not qualifications or experience.  Thankfully, the majority of the people I have met and work with, make up for the other shortfalls ", " Great place to work if you have a blue badge. I was one of the best pickers in the whole department albeit, I was on a temporary/on going contract but throughout my time there was told blue badges (permanent badges) were available to those who continued to work hard and go above and beyond targets. I went so far beyond targets, 100% attendance, no points and no errors to then receive a phonecall on the Saturday, stating that I had been paid off and to come in, clear out my locker on Monday and sort out any holiday pay I was due ect. It was really disappointing. Especially going in on the Monday and seeing temp colleagues that weren't hitting targets and had multiple points were still there. This goes to show that they weren't giving out blue badges at all because if they were, I'd still be there. I spend that whole weekend trying to workout what it was that may have caused my termination  and I had no answers. I worked my extremely hard for that place in order to gain a blue badge. There was days the pain of walking was unbearable. The blisters on my feet were so far from painless you wouldn't believe, yet I pushed on through knowing a blue badge would soon be in my grasp. It was really sad to be told you no longer have a job there when you enjoyed it. My moms fiance works is the director of a bank and he informed me that big companies do this \"potential permanent position\" to lure you in, with no intention of actually employing you at all. You are just there to get the job done during the organisations peak times and disposed of when no longer needed. There were days when temporary ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> staff would come in and fill a tote, to then be approached by the agency and told they are no longer needed and to put their tote on the line. You are then escorted to your locker by an agency member or security (the majority of them has let their status go to their heads - very rude) and then walked out like a criminal. There were also mornings when you were entering the turnstiles unsure if your badge was going to allow you entry because they would deactivate it and then have you buzzer in, in front of passing employees, be told through a buzzer you are no longer an employee. Very harsh and quite frankly inhumane. I urge you to really re-consider your employment with them when applying for jobs unless you are guaranteed a permanent position. I was there from October 2013 - February 2014. I had completed my temporary contract and was now on an on going one. You have no security what so ever. I genuinely thought I had this job because I hadn't been dismissed through the continuous dismissle of temps throughout the the months. I only saw one person get a blue badge during my time there and that was a stower. Nobody has answers when you talk to them. And its a shame because Amazon really has the potential to be a great workplace. There is so much more to tell but, quite frankly, I think you get the idea. ", " hard work  time management and hard working  management is good  rarely talk with co workers  at the last 2 hours  every ", " I spent 12 years at Amazon starting in 1997. I learned so much from the management and staff and accomplished things I never though possible. It's not an easy place to work. The hours are long and the work is difficult and challenging. But if you can hang you will benefit greatly.   I really enjoyed my tenure there but felt the need to finish some schooling and felt if was time to move on. ", " A typical day at work starts off with a department meeting then we all go to our work area. I maintain a steady flow of freight in the building. The management keeps me busy by making sure that the doors stay full with trucks. My co-workers are there to help me when in need an make the job is done right. Hardest part is maybe after lunch mid day. Sleep starts to catch up with me. Enjoyable part is being around friends at work. ", " Assisted customers with order and Kindle issues, supervised a team of 20-30 associates- providing regular auditing and coaching ", " This is by far one of the worst jobs I have worked at. They treat their employees very poorly and unfairly. The pay is good compared to other places. Management does not know how to run that warehouse. The work is on the easier side, but the management is VERY poor. ", " Buckle up, you work long hours with high expectations but the financial rewards are there. ", " Allowed the employees to seek free certifications and additional training to help serve the customers. ", " Inability to promote associated in a timely manner. Not very career or employee morale driven ", " The environment was very good. People are very friendly willing to work with you. They supplied all the equipment. This work place is good for people who are willing to learn and great for people who are starting off their career.  The draw back it is a small time frame that you have to learn a certain amount of materials and there is always changes in the work place good or bad. ", " Very fast paced work environment. I learned to ask questions so i could get the job right the first time.Very nice and respectable co workers and management. ", " absolutely terrible, management sucks, work is dumb, environment is  poor. ", " All employees worked very hard. I got along with mostly everyone. I learned to do my best at everything I do.The hardest part was the scheduling. The most enjoyable part was the friends and I made. ", " Fun work environment. love helping others, got along great with fellow co-workers. ", " For me, Amazon was a steady-paying job with benefits.  Amazon was good for what they offered.  However, don't expect much more unless you get into their management program.  They didn't offer many learned career skills.  Plus, they were strict on their policies and didn't tolerate unions.  Most workers had to pick up on other departments' abilities, and seniority didn't matter to them.  I was there for 7-8 years, and I did learn how the internet distribution companies operate.  Upon first arrival, they were somewhat generous with free dinners and handouts.  It wasn't hard to learn the work, but it wasn't easy work if you weren't in good physical shape or had any kind of physical handicap. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A lot of walking that's very hard on the body management was not very informative about the job assignment. Had almost no interaction with co-workers the excessive walking the pay fine ", " Even though you had a specific job title, you never knew what you'd be walking into every morning. I learned that no matter how hard you worked to show that you were eager and capable of taking on much more responsibility, it was never good enough. It was all about the brown nosing and befriending the management staff. The hardest part of working there is that you were never allowed to be yourself.  There were too many contradictions and favoritism.  The best part of the job was being able to talk to your peers, find things in common with one another and making new friends. ", " I am an honest and enthusiastic person, who takes pride in my appearance and am always polite.  I work well within a group or using my own initiative.  I am hard working, reliable and keen to develop and learn new skills in the workplace.  I am determined and committed to finding employment and have retrained to ensure I have the relevant skills and qualifications needed to carry out this type of work to a high standard.  I enjoy taking on new challenges. ", " well working at amazon i was doing costumer return with requires Merchandise that has been purchased at a retail level and then returned to the original store for  various reasons. Some returns are defective, broken or simply returned for no apparent reason at all.  Amazon was fun and i had gotten a lot of experience ", " I like to advance more and amazon doesn't have what im looking for. ", " Different expectations per individual despite level and job title. ", " There's a distinct lack of managerial oversight at Amazon because you're your own manager, in a sense. You need to fight for your position to stay on, and a lot of people don't see their contracts renewed. There's a ridiculously high turn over rate, and only around a 25% contract to full-time hire conversion rate. Work-life balance depends on the projects you're on and can shift drastically every few months because projects tend to last that long. Lost of moving around; I moved 4 times in the same building during 9 months. Also lots of internal transfers; the team you start with one week could look completely different the next week as managers, TPMs, etc. move to different departments. ", " the people an the pay was good i hate it was temp i couldve seen myself there for awhile ", " They work you to hard and have to many point systems. I feel as though they need more structure instead of throwing rules all over the place not knowing or caring how they will effect people. ", " Amazon is an incredible company to work for for fast paced innovative thinkers. ", " Its very productive. Hard work involve, my co worker ,are find everything ok ", " A lot of walking very hard on the body management was not very informative about the job almost no interaction with co-workers the walking the pay ", " It was only seasonal employment but I had a fun experience. There are 3 different shifts to choose from donut, front and back half. It is a warehouse job so you are expected to lift, bend, twist and have proper body mechanics. Before starting work everyone needs to stretch, afterwards there is a board where your picture/name is to check where you are assigned. The hardest part of the job was the long hours of standing and walking. The most enjoyable part of the job was lunch and break time because its the only time you get to relax and sit down. But the job does give you a good work out so think of it as way to exercise. ", " 10 hour day shift 8 hour night shift  Management was good its just they needed to have a better understanding of associate barriers. Co workers were fun and kept the working conditions manageable. The hardest part of the job was repeatedly do they same function day in and day out. Management rarely switched people around and usually when needed. ", " The people overseeing this assignment were wonderful.  A typical day was observing the clients that utilized Amazon lockers and recording their activity. ", " Typical work day in the big warehouse is interesting each time and also loud, I've learned how to pick, pack and sort at this facility. Management is awesome the like to help anyone they can in the best way they can to get the best results and answers to whatever questions you may have. Hardest part was picking, most important part was getting paid. ", " Get to work and clock in before your shift. Receive items into the building without any errors. Team leaders check to see targets are hit and ask a simple safety tip to test your knowledge. No talking to co-workers as this effects your work. On 30 minute lunch brake takes 5-10 mins to get out of security and then 5 mins to walk to designated smoking area. Finish shift and clock out. ", " I liked working with my hands. I counted inventory, or would sometimes be sent to find certain items and have them designated to different areas of the building to be shipped out to customers. Manual Labor always makes me feel better, and leaves me feeling like I accomplished something everyday. I liked working with others, but I preferred working alone more because it was less distracting. I always enjoyed setting new goals for myself to try and do better. ", " Currently a picker at Amazon Fulfillment Center. Once you learn the minor details of the job and get use to being on your feet for long periods, the job isn't too difficult. The hard part is making rate. Once you learn the basics, the rate does come. There is cross-training in other departments available. It's good if you are wanting to see what other departments are like in case of transfer opportunities. There is room for advancement within the company and transfer options available. Competition is high within the facilities. Be prepared to work hard. ", " A typical day at work when we begin we had to do exercises meaning as stretching then our management will give us new news and information for that day. After that we sign into our scanners and go pick at the items. The management and co worker there was quiet amazing . I have got along with my former employees they all loved me as well. As far as my manager they were all nice and considerate to me they were like my family but also laid down the rules and I complied with each one. One of the most hardest part of my job was walking 10 miles a day for 12hrs was a challenge but it taught me all about self discipline and motivated me harder to work harder even when it hurt i Kept going. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " At amazon you work 10 hours day for 4 days. if you work for amazon you start off at 12/hour. Your on your feet for about 9 hours a day. Learn the job fast more importantly learn the shortcuts and tricks fast. ", " very dirty environment and poor management within the facility i worked bad decisions resulting in high turnover and unpleasant and stressful positions from frontline and up ", " This is a great job with many benefits. I enjoyed helping make a safe work environment. This would be a good career for someone who is driven and loves helping others. ", " stand up and stretches,get assignments{different processes}to count items in bins, or for me,I would do audits on packing inbound,outbound,prep,after lunch, stand up stretches back to work.I've learned the distribution process through auditing and safety. Getting along with alot of people.management had an opendoor policy which benifited for associates,also some of them actually talk to you out on the floor.Working with alot of people had it's benifits,I'm one who gets along with anyone,you tend to meet all people, different backgrounds, cultures,different states or countries through transfer or other means.Keeping up with the rate was the hardest ,always upping the rate.Enjoying the auditing part was interesting to me,I feel I have a good eye for that part of the job. Management left me alone,because they knew it be completed at a certain time. ", " I was able to push my self to the limits working at this job, trying to make rate.  I am sure this job made me that much of a better worker. I learned a lot and the importance of working as a team. ", " Getting placed on a certain side of the warehouse and going through various locations counting items. the whole day you are just counting gets boring and a little tedious. ", " very fast paced workplace love the people management and all the other things that come with this job long hours, but very decent pay ", " Amazon was based on results. this meant we had to work hard and make sure we met targets. we worked in groups most of the time which was great for team bonding ", " They work you to hard and have to many point systems. I feel as though they need more structure instead of throwing rules all over the place not knowing or caring how they will effect people. ", " Management does not know what they are doing ok place to work if you stay to your self. Would not recommend job to another person. ", " Very fast paced loud lots of work to get done co-workers were pretty descent so as the managers fun part is getting off at the end of the day ", " Company is a good place to work for. Plenty of opportunities if you want to wait on it. This company is very customer centered. ", " The people i worked with was friendly .. although the manager was bit harsh i think. I done quite a lot of boxes in a hour and they had a go at me even thoe i was working faster than most of the people around me. ", " You have so much pressure and it is difficult to have a life of your own in between - not a great work/life balance. ", " The job is fast paced and works consistently with global orgs. The management is scattered and targets are always moving. It is very difficult to know what is expected. ", " I would see a lot of items in the warehouse that I did not know exist. I also learned how to operate a cherry picker and all my co- workers were very helpful by answering all my questions. ", " I love the Job and the Benefits... They are so fair with the amount of time they give you off... Vacation personal and unpaid... Better than any company I have worked for ", " This is a very good company which like to take care of there customers and also there employees and provides a lot of work with overtime. ", " Overall this place has a very robotic environment. Job task were very easy. Definately not for everyone because of very strict rules and guidelines. Keeps you on your feet and on task. ", " The job requires a lot the pay is okay but the Picker job in a big and second largest Amazon warehouse is difficult, with walking around and getting the job done "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The people are friendly its very fast pace inside the warehouse,good benefits,and good pay as well. I enjoyed the freedom at the job you dont have somebody standing watching you the whole day. ", " crazy hours and not bad to work low pay no razes when I worked there. ok co-workers ", " Every  Monday we have new joiners in Amazon we co ordinate with the new hires its lot of communication with new people i would like mostly. ", " I worked nights for Amazon ,the work was fast and you had to use your judgement at times because during the Christmas rush it was fast and you needed to be alert and make sure your job was done correctly and to the company strict ways ,I learnt lots while there it was a good experience and you had to be always alert for  mistakes made by the products damaged or the wrong type .,so the customer and the company during the time I worked there had a good production from me and the customer had there item of purchase packed safely and secure . So working for this company was rewarding and i enjoyed the time I worked for Amazon . ", " You have to work your way through a sub contractor to get hired full time. ", " Positive coworkers, helpful supervisors, hands-off administration, comfortable work environment ", " A typical day at Amazon was definitely a fast paced business. I did however learn to communicate with the proper people in order to get things done.The management team were friendly and definitely had the associates best interests in mind. The hardest part about the job was honestly the 10 hr shifts. The most enjoyable part of the job was working together for the common goal of the day. ", " Amazon.com hires mostly through temp agencies. Depending on your rating after so many months or after peak seasons you are either kept on and employed by Amazon.com or laid off after peak seasons. ", " was treated like robots i learnt how to pick hardest part of job was the walking up to 15miles a day  didnt really see management ", " Amazon Fulfillment Center is a job not a career. The work load is fairly constant, the pay is not fair to the workload, the management for the most part are only concerned with rate of getting the product out on time. They have little concern for their workers needs. I want to explain how i feel their payment is unfair. Upon entry to Amazon they guaranteed me and everyone that we would get hurt no matter how save or careful we where. Certain workers has to walk between 15-20 miles a day. ", " .A typical day at work will be when we have many people in the building.   .I learned how to work with different people.    We have an excellent management.    My co-workers are funny by doing great job.    The hardest part of the job when you get tired and get under your performance'     The most enjoyable part of the job, is when you are making the rate and have a good performance. ", " Perception weighs a lot more than performance. If you can nod your head in any situation and agree with the abundant number of managers you will go straight to the top but beware of having an opinion that doesnt agree with management then you are not a team player. Clean environment good pay unbelievable time off. Dont look for support from your manager his/her role is only to agree to whatever operation says. In two years I never heard my supervisor say anything technical electrical mechanical or suggest a remedy to an issue. ", " At this job I learned the process of working in a warehouse. I enjoyed working with all of my co workers. The most enjoyable part of the job was loading trucks, you got a real work out doing it. ", " 10 hour work days that require you to stand on your feet and be in motion for 9 out of those 10 hours. Very demanding but very rewarding. The hardest part of the job is being in motion and on your feet for 9 full hours almost unceasingly. The most enjoyable part of the job is the friendly community and the light a fun environment you get to work in. ", " A typical day at work is a review of the day's goals and how we can accomplish them. Management was friendly. ", " Love the energy of the job. Fast pace n friendly. Employers cares about safety and performance of employees. Makes it possible to address any issues and concerns and acts promptly to resolve them. ", " a typical day is walking in, going to the cafeteria to put my food in the fridge, get a scanner and log in. after that wait till its time to clock in and wait for instructions, whats new in the company, and stretching. after that you get your ordinance to the location of your first pick. from there you walk, scan bins and items. and you do the same thing till your tote is to heavy, or till the scanner says that the tote is digitally full. then you put the tote or totes on the conveyor and get more totes to fill. this process is all you do. clock out for lunch. lunch is and hour long. but you have to walk to the cafeteria, microwave your food, eat it, do what you got to do, then clock back in. after you clock in you have to wait for instructions and stretching again. then you go back to walking, scanning bins and items till the tote or totes are full. then you put them on the conveyor till quitting time. also you get two 15 minute breaks.  all I learned is how to use a scanner   you have multiple managers  you will make friends and talk a lot to co-workers  the hardest part of the job is trying to make rate. rate when I was there was 115 units an hour.  the most enjoyable part is seeing the cool stuff that they have and you never know what your picking. also leaving is the most enjoyable part. ", " Well a typical day at amazon would be to stretch with your group when u clock in. We have 2 15 minute breaks and one 30 minute lunch. There was nothing really hard about packaging. I mean yea we had to move a very fast pace but it was worth it.The most enjoyable part of the job is the variety of people. ", " I honestly loved working for Amazon. Everyone there really made me feel like i was part of there company. Hardest part of the job was walking so much and my knee couldn't handle it. I learned how to scan items and put them in bins. Management was awesome because they made sure employees were safe and made sure we were taken care of. I really enjoyed my job being able to walk and scan items that customers had purchased. ", " was a busy time but I like to stay busy, the management was really great training and helping. I hope I'll get to go to work there full time after being seasonal. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I gained an additional 2.8 years of experience in a Call Centre environment and was given the opportunity to really grow myself as a Quality Assurance Specialist; a role I have worked more than 5 years to reach. ", " A typical day for me is controlling the arrival of all vehicles coming on the site I am working at (be it Inbound Deliveries, Outbound Collections or deliveries for the indirect departments (Facilities, Stores)).  I have learned quite a lot about warehousing in my time with Amazon.co.uk (Swansea) from Stowing to being trained as a team leader.  The most enjoyable part of my job that I am currently doing is that no one day is the same. ", " working at amazon can be hard at times as it is very demanding but i feel i do not get paid enough for the amount of work i do as a team leader i am always in 1 hour early and only get paid for 15 minutes before my shift and 15 after im always first in and last to leave.  The amount of work that we do is very demanding and the brakes are very short two half hour brakes in a 10 and a half hour shift, when im on task it is very demanding on your feet as you are having to walk sometimes upto 18 miles a day and what makes it harder is that fact you have targets to hit which is way some people don't keep there job at amazon. ", " Loved working here even though it was a very different environment than I was used to. Definitely was taken out of my comfort zone. ", " I am getting older and the job was too much strain on my body.  The day to day operations were important and I very much enjoyed my time there.  They are very efficient in their employee selection and their needs from one day to the next.  The hardest part of the job was being on my feet for 8-12 hours at a time. ", " Amazon.com was a great place to work.  Even though it required many sleepless nights it was great to have such ambitious goals as a company. ", " A typical day at Amazon would be answering questions concerning customer`s accounts, orders, updating account information,   Solve customer`s problem the first time they call.   I learned all about Amazon`s internal system and how to successfully help a customer. I learned how to de-escalate any situation over the phone. I learned how to use Abuntu, Sharepoints, Microsoft programming.    The hardest part of my job was not receiving a \"No\" from the weekly survey that was sent out.   The most enjoyable part about this company is the culture. The management is so approachable and helpful. The staff is unlike any other staff you will ever run into. Amazon is not only filled with incredibly hard workers, but the staff also knows how to have fun. Amazon has an incredible sense of balance between the two. ", " scan the cart walk around and find the right item of the bins in the warehouse .I learned the faster the better working for Amazon, I got a long with all my mangers. Got along with my co-workers we made work go by faster. Nothing was hard I caught along quickly with the job. Meeting our daily goals, ", " very fun atmosphere. workers were very helpful. if i lived closer id try to work there again. most enjoyable job ive ever had. ", " If you want to play Survivor Island, while creating super innovative technologies, this is the place for you. That said, with great power comes great expectations. Perform at the highest level, or GTFO. ", " Worked for BIG D Pacific Builders, General Contractor.  Positions Held  SWWPP &amp; Safety Officer/ Superintendent ", " The company focuses on productivity. There was not much motivation as being an employee of the compan. Be prepare to stand all day there is no sitting down at Amazon. The breaks are short where you get two 15 minutes break and one 30 minutes lunch. You cannot be a minute or you are up for termination. Leave your cell phones behind or you are terminated. Make productivity or your teminated. Make sure you make it to work on time or your terminated. Do not take to long using the bathroom or your terminated. ", " i love working there just there is somethings i dont really like ", " Productive company but would not attempt to work there again through SMX. Very unprofessional and immature employees. Amazon itself, seems to be ok ", " way to build you a career fast, expand your knowledge and even change career fields ", " I just had a great time working with new people everyday. It was a fast pace to work, time always went by pretty quick. Hours were the best Sun-Tues 12 hr shifts and Weds was 4 shifts. ", " I really enjoy working there   Picking Packing Shipping  This is a great warehouse to work helping staff and line workers. ", " Blah it was okay.  Enjoyed the work environment.Great people to work with always fun. ", " A paycheck is the only thing anyone works there. They talked down about you and to you. ", " no job security. they were constantly hiring and firing groups of people. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " always on a rate to pull product from shevles and forklift operator . Also packed orders ", " Everything about the operations there was well planned and ran very smoothly. I typical day started with a meeting to discuss the previous day as well as discuss what needed to be done that day. I learned about operations, how to run a cherry picker, the quickest and most effective way to pick my orders. There were plenty of managers to ensure any questions or problems were addressed promptly. The hardest part about the job was the long hours do to the seasonal increase in orders as well as timing your lunch break to exactly 30 minutes; no more, no less. But once you get a hang of it, it isn't difficult. The most enjoyable part of the job was the freedom to fill your orders without anyone micromanaging your work. ", " The work is fairly easy. All your orders come to you through the scanner. Everyone is friendly and very helpful. The hardest part of the job is the constant walking. ", " very hard at first but things get easier ,the only bad thing is you dont really know if youll be kept after your time ", " The day I had was a fun day laughting and joking around while getting the work done. This i have learn was working at a fast pace so that i could keep up with everybody that i was working with. ", " Grateful for the opportunity I had working at Amazon. I might not have been the best job, but it helped provide for me and my family. ", " Long days with lots of walking with meetable standards. Managers breathing down your neck. No sense of job security. ", " WHEN COUNTING DO NOT BE TALK TO OTHERS. MANAGEMENT IS VERY GOOD AT AMAZON. CO-WORKERS ARE VERY COSIDERATE. STANDING ON YOUR FEET FOR TEN HOURS. SEEING A SMILE ON PEOPLES FACE BECAUSE WHEN THEY SMILE YOU SMILE BACK. ", " Pick and pack all items and send them down the conveyor. I get to work assist in all customer service questions and concerns. I learned not too much besides discipline. Management was exceptional very friendly and understanding easy to talk to. co workers were great. no hard parts about this job, and most enjoyable  part would have to be payday. ", " demanded hard work, fast paced environment. attention to detail health and safety and accuracy. while working at amazon i found a good sense of achievement on a daily bases with all tasks target driven you can review your targets and feel your achievement when you have beaten your expected target. ", "  \tPicking products and scanning to go for delivery  \tPacking items, making sure items are secure to go out for delivery  \tFlowing (unblocking conveyor belts, and replenishing picking totes)  \tPicking for case ( picking extra large items that cant be picked by normal picking )  \tCommunicating with managers about picking and problems  \tCleaning and Tidying  \tPicking transhipment  \tPacking specialist items ( Jewellery )  \tFloor inspections ( water machines clean and tidy,picking floors clean and tidy and reporting any problems) ", " Never before have I worked for such an unprofessional, common and miserable employer.  I don't see how they can still get people to apply for their jobs since they have such a horrible reputation within the community.   Management will boldly lie to your face, undermine you and even try to write you up for false \"infringements.\"  HR is a joke and only out to protect management. Don't even bother trying to voice a complaint or concern, they basically reply with the standard \"life isn't always fair\" line. Yeah, that is typical of the professionalism Amazon likes to display.  They keep pushing, pushing, pushing and I'm shocked someone hasn't completely snapped yet.  Breaks are a joke and they space the break rooms out so you spend a good 1/3 of your rest time walking.   We have periodic \"contests\" which are completely rigged.   New employees are treated like gold while those of us who started when the building opened are passed over, treated like dirt and seen as \"problematic.\"  Word of advice. Don't ever take a seasonal/Peak promotion. Afterwards you will be sent back to your old position and punished by management for leaving to begin with. ", " always a lot of moving around speed and accuracy. Learned many things about computers, scanners and pallet jacks and other things. management was really great at getting everything running smooth and simple. co-workers were awesome i miss them too haha. the hardest part of the job was making quota i would say since there was alot of the quota to be met. lunch best part of the day i guess its every part of the day for any job but other than that was after lunch more relaxed work place. ", " Busy from the time i clock in until i leave.  I sort fill move to another area to be packed. walk up and down stairs all day.  I learned how to wrap quickly and correctly, and my manager was nice, but hard but he work got done.  my co- workers are nice hard working.  Hardest part of my job is not being able to sit down every now and then. ", " I am not an person who enjoys a slow and boring day doing the exact same thing all day. A different day will give me a change in pace, energy and also my love for a job. I dread going to Amazon on a daily bases, but have no other choice until I find a new job. ", " Great people, hard but fun work place. They care about there workers and want everybody to succeed. ", " Planning is not a strength of the company thus priorities changed multiple times every day.  Sr Mngt worked hard but I am not sure what they were doing since they never seemed to know what was going on on the floor.  Hardest part of the job was putting up with poor mngt, very poor communication and the 'culture' which is kinda like a clique, you have to be like 'them' to be accepted and promoted.  Best part of the job was the associates who are what make the company successful, they work hard 10hrs a day for low wages in a very uncomfortable environment. ", " Amazon Fulfillment is a decent Job for what it is.  You work hard and keep your rates you have no Problems. There is a bit of political nature to how things are assigned. Great mix of people to work with. Easily gained great experience, but very physical work. ", " Amazon is a place of promises, but it certainly is not for the faint of heart. Processes of work change almost daily, sometimes for the better and sometimes not. Communication is almost non-existent between the upper management and that creates plenty of conflicts that irritate the lower tiers who are involved.  I have heard that my current building is one of the worst in management, so I cannot say for other buildings. ", " Except for two outbound folks, everyone eats d! k  I yard hostle in at one of the CA locations in Nor Cal and I will tell you that there is no communication, little to no organization, lacking coordination, and overall no respect.   The yard is always limited on space for trailers because whoever built the dang place didn't plan for volume of trailers going in/out. There's TONS of parking spaces for cars, most are empty, those spaces would have made great parking for trailers.  The warehouse tends to throw trailers in whatever random spot, so the yard is constantly a mess. The YMS is a piece of you know what. Oh, man I could go on but dang.   I plan to quit but without notice. I'll show up for maybe an hour then just walk out  Amazon! "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " NICE PLACE TO WORK WORKING WITH AMAZON WAS ENJOYABLE LEARN A LOT FROM MY COWORKER THE HARDEST PART ABOUT THE JOB WAS KEEPING MY RATES UP ", " Typical day at work walk all day or drive the order picker and pick items into a cart. Real basic job nothing special about it. ", " There your talked to any kind of way they don't appreciate their employees. you work like a slave and the brakes are to short. there is no enjoyable part of this job but the pay. ", " My Daily duties at Amazon were simple. IF customers oreded parts my job was to simply take those orded parts and place them on the conveyor. ", " Adhered to all safety rules and guidelines on a daily basis. Co-workers very helpful. Enjoyed the pay and the break periods. ", " they are to focused with the numbers if you dont make rate your gone they dont care for the reasons as to why you didnt make rate ", " Very organized job, They really tend to the needs of the employees. They put you first, and take care of you so that you can take care of the customers. ", " Working at Amazon was a good experience and I worked around good people. By the place being fairly new we was mislead with a lot of different things. ", " 8 hour shifts with 20 min lunch hourly wage \u00a37.80 night shift decent and helpful managers friendly co workers standing on your feet for the entire shift meeting new people ", "  \tResponsible for picking orders  \tIn charge of identifying and liquidating damaged merchandise  \tInventory control clerk functions to reduce shrink and increase productivity ", " The atmosphere is great, the management is spot on and available all the time, and the work is enjoyable enough that I don't mind working for 8-10 hours a day. Great place to work! ", " I was hired to be a full-time picker, but volunteered for an ICQA \"temporary project.\" The project is now full-time and there are no hopes of transferring to another job because I have one \"written warning\" on my record (for quality rates) which will be expunged from my record after 90 days, if I'm lucky to improve my rates. Initially, I was trained improperly by a nit-wit ambassador, who called me names, so I began on the wrong foot.  My supervisor has been very responsive to my request for retraining and my quality rates have improved.  As far as my speed is concerned--that's another story, but I'm working on it.  I can't go fast and be perfect at the same time.  It's too stressful. I see my Supervisor on a daily basis and the Ops Manager maybe 1-2X's/week.  Management are young and under a lot of stress.  Most are type-A personalities.  It would be nice to see upper management come out of their offices and walk the floors on a weekly basis. The best part of Amazon are the employees.  There are some really nice people and some real characters.  Everyone seems to work hard to get the job done.  Another great feature is the stock ownership plan (stock is currently in low $700's.)  You're vested after 2 years, if you're lucky to make it to that anniversary. To succeed at Amazon is to have good job habits.  Ask the people who have been there for awhile how they do their jobs.  Gather information and tips on how to last, otherwise you'll be walking through the revolving door. ", " The job is what it is, a job. They are a company that looks down on the employee like children not adults. Working at Amazon gets very boring at time, but again, it's a job. ", " good workin enviroment fun place to be bennefits are great manager are exelent the hardest part was the schedule and the standing up ", " Ok Place to work some room for growth. Standing all day in one place can be hard on your feet &amp; back. Co-worker ok to work with, at times job can be boring. ", " I love working here. The benefits if i become permenant are excellent. The management is great and they will work with you if you have kids or are in school. ", " it wasn't worth the struggle the days were too long and i felt disconnected from the rest of the factory workers none of my training was relevant to day to day work and it was terrible ", " You got coaches who are suppose to help when you need it or cover so you can use the restroom but don't. They think their the best of the best and blame others for their mistakes. ", " The day I had was a fun day laughting and joking around while getting the work done. This i have learn was working at a fast pace so that i could keep up with everybody that i was working with. ", " this job was great sad to say i moved from  job. great managments and also very giving and they really show they appreciate there employees "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I think over al this company is just fine and well on it's way of hiring and keeping the best employee's. ", " A good place to work for the person looking to do little and be payed little. ", " I loved working at Amazon.com! The people are amazing and the atmosphere is energetic and comfortable. Amazon.com truly cares about their staff and is a customer obsessed business. I would return there in a heartbeat. ", " It was an okay place to work at, but after awhile I wanted something new, to be in a new job. ", " A typical day at work would involve me clocking in &amp; setting up with my team. From there our area had carts with merchandise that needed to be placed in designated areas. Depending on the income of products &amp; the demand in stock would determine the amount of carts for the day shift. We were given two fifteen minute breaks &amp; a thirty minute lunch break. The hardest part of the job was being on your feet all day, my shift was from 5:45am to 5:00pm. However, the most enjoyable part were the staff &amp; fellow co-workers. ", " Amazon / Integrity staffing solutions are very critical to the employees, always negative feedbacks, ", " It was a good place to work. I worked there for over a year and in the mean time they treated me respectfully and though it was a very active job I enjoyed it. I just dislike how short the lunch breaks are. ", " workload very high  very stressful  not a good place for fresh graduate ", " I worked in the returns Team Mech Area and everything weighed over 50 pounds . It was really long days, hard days and the  area managers and supervisors treat you like scum .  You are replaceable , you can be easily replaced . The place i worked was near Cincinnati so there were some crazy  characters that worked there  which made the time go by fast. you did not make enough money for the work you did .  but it was decent. ", " In a word, frustrating! So many contradictions among the leaders and employees. They claim they want precise, quality-driven people, but I don't know about that; those people seem to have been weeded out early on. Literally every employee knows that the only way to meet quota is to take shortcuts, although management will never admit to that. Amazon's corporate policy is customer-driven service - go above and beyond to ensure customer satisfaction, and profits will follow - but I haven't seen that in the fulfillment center(s). Rate is everything, and quality suffers tremendously as a result; and it's no wonder since our rates are constantly monitored almost in real time, and quality reports basically don't count against us. Instead of the job being about ensuring that the customer receives the correct item in at least good quality, it's just a game to see who beats whom, a race to see who wins; and the job culture is entirely to blame with the relentless pressure and incentives to do more, more, more. It's sad how many items are returned because they're not what was ordered, damaged, or both. ", " You got coaches who are suppose to help when you need it or cover so you can use the restroom but don't. They think their the best of the best and blame others for their mistakes. ", " Amazon is a very high paced, metric driven business.  During non-Holiday periods most positions work four days per week.  The company is still growing and very open to new ideas to increase efficiency and customer satisfaction ", " A typical day at Amazon was good. people go in with a good mind frame to work the hours that we had to do. what did i learn on my job i learned how to work with people, keep my rate up hard working, learned how to talking to people at all times. The management at the job was great. The co-workers was great. I did not have a problem with them the was willing to teach me  what i8 need to know about the job. there was there to help me keep my rate up. The was there on hand and foot when i needed them. The hardest part of my job is when i had to keep that rate up on every different part of the warehouse no matter if i went to smalls, mediums, or lager boxes each rate was different that was the hardest thing of the job. The most enjoyable thing at the job was just being there and meeting new people the different things that they had going in the warehouse to make the time go by. winning prizes by keeping you rate up  I enjoyed everything about me job. at AMAZON ", " a typical day at work for myself will be i'm a hard worker who loves to try to beat my last goal i am a friendly person who always got a smile on my face I will always help people out if i can see that they are in need of help I can adapt to most anything at a work placement and if i cant do do i still like's to have a try of it I can work for long periods of time as some of my jobs were 12 hour shifts i am a reliable person who can be relied on At amazon i was there for the christmas period so that was 9 weeks and 8 weeks out of them 9 weeks i had written possitive's and 5+ which meant they was very happy with my work ", " FTEs at Amazon doesn't treat consultants well. They think that consulants are some sort of labor even though the pay would be higher than FTEs. The environment really sucks. ", " AWS is absolutely fantastic place to learn more about technology. It is slightly demanding and your work life balance may not be the greatest, but it rewards handsomely, esp if you are willing to adapt to new technologies fast. ", " ALOT OF WALKING!!!!!!!!!! Every shape person works here but im fit and it killed me on my feet. ", " Would like advancement with the Company. Enjoy the Job itself on a daily basis. They Acknowledge their Employees when they are doing a Job well done. Not enough Vacation hours given. ", " Management and work very unorganized. As a picking associate you can expect to walk up and down three flights of stairs and from one side of the building to the other. ", " Working for amazon was fun and exciting cause everyday was something different. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I enjoyed the job, busy work, got alot of hours,trained  well knew what are expectations were. ", " Very organized and clean but the travel to and from work is bad because in between shifts is usually the city's rush hour. ", " I enjoyed working for amazon for the simple fact I got to combine 2 things that I enjoyed very well, Helping people and Talking to people this was a great job fit for me however it was a seasonal position ", " I enjoyed the peak season i applied for at amazon the experience there was a good one i have no complaints at all. ", " picking, packing operating  Box on Demand (BOD) machine. Operating Low level order pickers  and offering training to new hires.  As a trainer I have gain valuable experience in the many day to day running of warehouse work and  good interpersonal and problem solving skills. ", " I really enjoyed working for this company, it has a great area and space for all the workers to be comfortble ", " I learned a lot of things working here it was okay they just lay off alot they dont really hire through the company that much they work you to death then lay you off ", " Duties include, Process Guide on Stow, Problem Solver on Stow, Stowing, Receive scanning and updating item Database. As the job involves working at a high speed and accuracy, this job has given me good experience of working on the database and has improved my accuracy to a high degree. ", " I enjoyed working for amozon it was a fun and productive place to work. I love working as a team. ", " Boxes being built, production lines moving everywhere, boxes being filled and sealed, its all apart of company and quite fascinating ", " the best part of the job was communicating with people from different backgrounds and learning about their culture ", " Everyday starts with standup with our co-workers and manager telling us what happened the day before and today.  I learned more about team work and everyone plays a part in the job. Management always has it times, but they will take time to talk to you and try to expand your skills and help your strengths. The hardest part for me is getting use of the fast pace environment, but other than that you get use of it. ", " At Amazon Fulfillment, you must stay busy at all times. There is no such thing as a \"break\" other than your 2 scheduled 15 minute breaks which are from scan to scan, not clock in/out. You walk 15-20 miles per day in this 1.2 million square foot facility scanning correct items in bins to fulfill orders, check for damaged products, and meet &amp; exceed managements expectations with the amount of items you can \"pick\" per hour. There is no time for any chit-chat as you are constantly on the go for your entire 10 to 12 hour shift. The hardest part of the job is the first couple of days - your feet are killing you, your shins are burning, you feel like your legs will fall off from all of the walking. Then the most enjoyable part is 1) knowing that you are fulfilling an order for someone somewhere in the world that is expecting you to do your job correctly so that they can receive the order that they wanted for themselves or a gift for someone else &amp; 2) the 15-20 miles of walking every day is a great workout for your mind and body, allowing you to move faster as each day of your assignment progresses. ", " 10 hr shift, its very easy, didn't really learn much as in job skills. Management is very upbeat but like in all jobs they have their favorites. There's a mix of people which is good. The hardest part is getting off so late and only being able to spend 1 hrs with my kids. The most enjoyable is leaving each night. ", " Well I start my day with stand up and exercise.  Then we start Picking product for customers orders.  The walking 17 to 25 miles a day is the hardest.  Everyone I have met have been very nice to work with.  The most enjoyable part is the exercise I get from walking 10hrs a day it has got me in the best shape of my life but still working on that... ", " Very hard work Learned about process of online shopping  All aspect of this job was hard, no time to relax ", " My day is not spent at Amazon. As a writer, I submit, I do not punch a clock. ", " long hours 10-12 hours a day on your feet the whole a little unorganized ", " There are a lot of different positions for one person at a time that he can do and that's the fun part of it. ", " help achieve company goals. good company to work with great people "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I only had this job a few months but the management, day to day tasks, and my co-workers were so well organized and easily managed. ", " A typical day at work is staanding at one station scanning products into the computer and sending them down the production line. I learned how to work at long periods of time and how to work in loud places. My co-workers were very cool and nice. The hardest part of the job was standing on my feet for long periods of time. The most enjoyable part of my job was making money &amp; interacting with my co-workers. ", " My review of the company I spent 4yrs there opened all there phoenix locations.So my review of the company is that at the end of the day they treat you like a number and don't care about you just the company. ", " The job is physically demanding, but not mentally.  Very clean facility.  Work goals are basically unattainable.  Example is on a daily basis, only about 5% reach the rate goal.  They contend that safety is the number one issue, but it's really pushing employees to achieve the plan rate...which leads to less safety. ", " Very Poor Management long 10-12 hour shifts must be able to lift a minimum of 20lbs ", " Team Huddles stretches before each shift  great incentives (raffles,giveaways) management is pretty standoff co-workers are really helpful ", " Picking , packing and shipping. I learned how to problem solve in new areas. co-workers are cool. ", " working with amazon.com had given an experience working in a warehouse and also I can apply for jobs that involved the skills in working in a warehouse ", " I had learned many things at Amazon. I got the experience of how to work with many people. I also have the experience to build pallet in a safe way. It was helping me to use my ideas and communicate with my coworkers who were friendly and the others were difficult, but I did my best to deal with them. ", " this company was harder to work for than most due to rules and regulations they go by and then change every two or so months, they switch things around to quick and if you don't adapt you fail. most associates quit after a few months ", " First shift, was a great position and I wish it last longer.  I enjoyed all of the walking it was great exercise each day, I also loved the people. ", " Typical day starts with announcements and warm ups and stretches . You learn to use your body the proper way and not to over extend certain muscles and yourself . Management was always willing to help as much as they could in any situation . Co-workers were all fun and energetic and from all parts of the country and world . The hardest part about the job were the long shifts , they were 10hrs long. The most enjoyable part about the job was the free workout ! ", " Very fast  paste and friendly atmosphere a team player supervisor. ", " Typical work day would include locating and picking items that customers purchased ", " In the Amazon management culture you will be given no choice but to grow.  It starts with frequent, unfiltered feedback on job performance and consistently includes stretch assignments to expand your limits in scope and scale. ", " Great place to work Great management Great co workers Always something different ", " Working for Amazon.com can be both a pleasure and nightmare.   A normal shift would include the initial staff meeting, the being assigned various departmental duties based on demand for that day. This can vary from problem solving to picking.   Overall the company offers many opportunities for career advancement depending on your network. Working conditions are okay, with good equipment provision and regular breaks. ", " A typical day of work consists of managing a small to medium group of associates to meet the the days goal for the largest internet based sales company around. I am able to guide associates to reaching their maximum potential by lending proper leadership, cohesion, and offering advice for possible changes in their scope of work. I am also responsible for tracking customer shipments, to ensure that they are prepared in the timely manner required for prompt delivery, ensuring a positive customer experience. Management seems to be constantly changing, and in many cases works hand in hand with associates, often performing the same duties to ensure goal achievement. The hardest part of this job is the stress that working in a building over 1 million sq. ft. in size, and the constant responsibility for maneuvering around to meet the goal. The most enjoyable part of the job is the complete unification obtained at numerous points in the day after achieving our goals. ", " Amazon is a great company to work for. The management team tried to motivate everyone to work hard and enjoy their job. I have learned how to work with many different personality types over the years that I have worked for Amazon. ", " I was a picker so i would go down the modes and pick items and put them in a tote and send them on the conveyor belt. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " nice work place very fun and active inviroment to work in get plenty of excurcise for anyone that likes to run ", " very good place many things to do and to learn make me happy to work at team ", " Great company to work for is you stay at home, pay is low but work when you want. Non phone work. ", " The opportunity is a great way to gain experience. Working hard pays off ", " A typical day at work consisted of tyranic managers who worked you like slaves. Incomprehensible HR associates also the fear of losing your job at any second. ", " I really enjoyed working at Amazon ,there was always work to do and it was fun working there! ", " Great place to work for if you get blue badge, people that you work with are great. very friendly ", " Great place to work, even if the hours could be somewhat difficult. Management provided excellent support and training across the board ", " pick orders for customers and also did returns and hit a rate every hour on the hour ", " it was a good job to work at wish I had stayed there a little longer, although my assignment was seasonal I learned a lot ", " sign in form home... 8 hours of phone work, customer and lead support are awesome. ", " This is a great place to work. Management is amazing you start by getting updated on the move of the warehouse while stretching and setting a goal for the department to reach by the end of the night ", " PROS:  Decent benefits, stock in the company which vests after a year of employment, limited direct interaction with higher-ups. Pretty much everyone who works here (except management) is awesome. You can look however you want and you can smoke cigarettes on your designated breaks.   CONS: In the orientation we were told that we could move up quickly. I've been here for 7 months and am still in the same position. I don't consider myself to be the \"average Amazon employee\" either. The orientation lasted much longer than estimated and many people including myself were late to their current jobs, some were even fired because they could not have a phone on them during the orientation to alert their employer of their tardiness.   You're treated like a number. There's no sick leave, only personal time or unpaid time. If you have to go to the doctor or attend a funeral there is no documentation which will be accepted to cover for it. You pretty much can't use the restroom while you're working in stow or pick because it will cut into your rate which is already nearly impossible to meet.   If too many people leave early at the end of the previous week, OT will be called the next week to punish them. MGMT has clearly stated that OT is NOT called due to volume. Most of the time when OT is called, they end up sending people home via \"VTO\" either right at the beginning of the shift, or an hour later. VTO means that you go home with no penalty and are not paid. They get around having to pay you for your scheduled shift by calling it 'voluntary' time off.   Compared to most warehouses, ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> pay is not that great. 12.5/hr for days, 13 for nights. Incentive is offered in the form of 'RIC Bucks' which can be redeemed for clothing and accessories boasting the Amazon logo at the 'swag store.' This way, Amazon gets free advertising and doesn't have to pay employees any bonuses or commission for exceeding expectations.   This is the first job I've ever been written up at. Trust me, if you work here, you WILL get written up at least once. ", " A good place to work if you need money, good wage but very hard work and breaks are not long enough. ", " Amazon Fulfillment is a nice place to work if only for the Christmas season. My coworkers were all very nice people. The hardest part of the job is actually being on your feet walking around all night. But the most enjoyable part of your job is making sure that you deliver that smile to the person you go and pick their product for. ", " Amazon is a fast paced fulfillment center.  The job asks a lot from each associate every day, but each year Amazon seems to be taking more and more away from their workers.  It has been years since Amazon has given a cost of living raise despite the cost of everything going up over the past few years.  The revolving door of managers makes the job even more difficult. ", " This was a temporary job. The building was full of fun activities, including a X-Box Connect and a fooz-ball table. The employees were fun loving and management was genuinely interested in helping their employees succeed. Upper management listens to their employees. The hardest part was telling customers that their items would not arrive on time because I really wanted to make sure that everyone received everything that they wanted. The facilities were very clean. ", " A warehouse full of life &amp; enthusiastic people willing to do what it takes to do the job right. The hardest part of the job is not getting off task by looking at all the exciting products going down the line. On the other hand the most enjoyable part of the job is the satisfaction you get knowing that whatever you picked, packed, sorted, or shipped will be arriving to customers all over the world with a smile. ", " Everyone stays on task and it is a very good work environment. I love working at a fast pace and keeping busy and I was constantly doing so. Every day I would scan a chute and pack the items that needed to be boxed for that order. I gained so many more skills on organization and productivity, that i still to this day use. The most enjoyable part of this job was to keep busy and not to be bothered all the time. I was able to be productive without any distractions and got a lot of work done every day. ", " Customer service, incoming calls and resolving incidences "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Working at Amazon is mostly a fun environment. Everyone knows their duties, and is be to have fun doing them. ", " I worked from 5:30pm-4:30 am Wed- Sat. I learned how to thoroughly check product to make sure it was as it should be. The management always were thinking of new ways to keep the team happy and having fun, but also working hard. The hardest part of the job would be when the conveyors shut down, and there wasn't much product, we were still required to make rate with no product. The most enjoyable part of the job was it was very easy, and your team becomes like a family to you. ", " Amazon is a very undestanding company when it comes to their employees. The company will do their best to ensure the workers are in good care. Amazon has an on site health office, just in case someone has an accident. Since the job is so active, there are water stations all within the warehouse. Empoyees really get a great workout while working. ", " Every worker needs to achieve a daily target and also has good eye for detail. ", " A typical day at amazon was get there in the morning and stand at the place where would u pack the stuff customers have brought. i learned how to work under pressure and to make sure everything was packed right so it didnt get damaged. ", " At Amazon, one can have huge impact on the products and have high visibility overall. If you are crazy about work and just work then it is a good company for you. The co workers here are smart but the culture is individualistic ", " Overworked, Bad work enviroment Good Pay Poorly Managed, culturaly not up to the current corp standard.. ", " The warehouse scene was not very glamorous, but I feel I was very productive there and I couldn't complain about the pay. ", " I was working in Inventory Dept. doing Cycle counting for 8 hours a day during the Holidays. I helped out train new employees and showed them out to use the oracle gun to cycle count. I learned this was a fast paced job and required alot of standing on your feet. They help you when you have trouble in your dept. ", " Amazon fulfillment is a typical production/warehousing atmosphere but with an insane amount of SKU variation which makes the way they conduct their operations very \"peculiar\". The Area Manager role effectively manages anywhere between 25 to over 120 warehouse associates, making it a very challenging and rewarding experience.   The Canadian fulfillment side still needs to adjust their culture to the american Amazon.com culture which has a very good set of principles and practices. The lack of underlying operating principles make it very hard to cope with very frequent changes within the fulfillment site. Support from upper management is seldom available as they face their own difficulties trying to adjust to the same changes. ", " Amazon gives you the tools to advance in your career.  You are encouraged to seek out issues with in the system and get them fixed. ", " 10hr shifts were the worst part and pay was the best part.Great management and overtime hours. ", " Not nearly as organized as a company this size should be.  Managers seem to not know what they are doing and just kinda wing it.  Communication is terrible between departments and even out to the workers.  Benefits are not bad but the pay is not enough for anyone who has a family or other responsibilities. ", " SCANNING ITEMS FOR AN ORDER AND BOXING IT. SOMETIMES I ALSO RECEIVED AND SCANNED THE ITEMS INTO LOCATION FOR THE SHIPPERS ", " good place to work warm and friendly place from the minute u start to time u finshed ur days work ", " It was good money while it lasted. There's a lot of opportunity to grow here, if your a good worker. ", " I would come in and clock in and we would have a meeting to say where the area we would be working at. Go to that area and report to the person in charge and get doing where they want wanted me to start at. Get merchandise and check for damages and scan in products and put them away. ", " Working at Amazon's warehouse in Breinigsville, Pa was an enjoyable experience. I met great co-workers while also learning more about the company. ", " Amazon work is a typical warehouse work, which I bonded very well with and was very successful at. During my time at Amazon I met all my targets and was almost flawless; however, after Christmas which is the busiest time of the year in there, there were far to many employees to work available ratio. This situation resulted in many employees lay-offs, which the company considered normal with zero hours contract. ", " A very diverse work environment. There was no real challenging part about this job, everything was easy to grasp. I enjoyed the management as well as the co workers. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " excelente compania, mucha organizacion, buen equipo de trabajo, incentivos que animan a realizar el trabajo de mejor manera, ambiente entre companeros y supervisores ", " good place to work and every one very friendly to each other which shows that how good they can work as a team. also you get praise for your hard work ", " A typical day at work for me was coming in to loud music and friendly managers greeting all of us as we find our spots to go over the progress of the company and safety saves; then it was off to our stations to start the day. There were some times I would be on a line by myself or have a line full of people behind me and in front of me grabbing items as they came up on the computer screen ready to be packed and placed on the line for shipment.   Co-workers were not an issue as much as I thought they would be; unless you had to share a line with those \"Territorial\" ones...there were a few run ins with people who were slow and you couldn't help them without hearing them complain that your taking their spot... that was the only thing that really annoyed me other than that your basically by yourself doing your own thing.   I really never had any problems with the job it has been the most enjoyable job I have ever had to be honest. at times it was frustrating when there were only a few lights and nothing to do, but that didn't happen very often. ", " Its been 9 years i have been working one basic thing i learned at work and would share it with you all, give it the best to your work and i am pretty sure work pay off for good :) ", " It usually goes great not a lot of problems. The work is never hard or changeling just have too keep your head screwed on right. ", " Amazon gives you the tools to advance in your career.  You are encouraged to seek out issues with in the system and get them fixed. ", " it was a good experience for me i learn a lot of things how to do a co-workers job in hi pressure because was the holiday  and they have a lot pack to do in a short time ", " i loved the freedom that was given to me at Amazon.com, it was a relaxed fun work place. ", " I liked the energy, everyone was vey positive all the time, the managers were motivating and always had ansers to questions. Very fast-paced and days went by fast. ", " as a employer I thought the company In all were just OK I loved working there but job security is not very good seems all you the in the place is a no ", " easy place to grow and move up sometimes hard to meet production rates co workers fun and teamworkers management laid back and helpful ", " Amazon is a very good place to work with and the management are are very respectful and nice. I worked with a very good co-workers. ", " Clocking in and going to picking meetings twice a day, learned to use RF scanner, management was helpful in answering any questions, meeting new people that I was trained with. ", " did a little bit of everything in the building they were not fair when it came to the area you were assigned to there were many issues ", " working at amazon can be fun but it is very tough on your body your on your feet for 10 hours constantly and lifting heavy boxes ", " Overall, the worst job I had so far. The management was by far the worst I've ever experienced. The company didn't make you feel welcomed to come back to work. Every day felt miserable. ", " Very well paid job that was all about customers needs and also their workers safety. Many different jobs to move to n company also. ", " This job gave me added experience in a work place i had never been in before.  I was able to work in 2 different departments while here which i was a happy to do. ", " my review to Amazon is going to be about there production rate. its harder than you think before you enter. I like that kind of work. Keep me busy, ", " I took this job on over christmas while waiting to start back at Indigo. I didn't really enjoy it and wouldn't return. I found the job very boring and non ineresting "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Worked for a temp service and very interesting job and learned alot about on line shopping. My knowledge about new technology has expanded tremdously. I had a fun night because I learned about products that I didn't know about. Co-workers was great. ", " Amazon is absolutely thee best company to work for and environment to work in . Safety is there main rule and They are all about there presentation and professionalism . ", " I've enjoyed working at Amazon. The work is challenging and the people are top notch. The leadership principles are more than just words on a screen they are talked about in almost every meeting. The people working at Amazon are some of the best anywhere. ", " Working for Amazon Fulfillment (Sort Center) is very light and easy work. As a member of the logistics team though, it is alot more technical and data driven. Would definitely recommend it! ", " Work is sometime hard and sometime simple but all the people working there are fun to work with. on the downside the HR department there is very poor and rarely takes time to  return calls (because they never answer the phone) or emails. ", " Very isolated. Mostly uninformed in information other than your job function. Had to be self motivated. Very easy to go under your job mark. ", " Well trained and empowered to deal with your custoemr's. Great support and never belittled. Just wish they had more jobs in the Edinburgh area, as a must be place to work. ", " Loved working here! I was able to manage my own schedule of projects. I loved having a list of designs to create and knowing the deadline and specs spelled out for you. There's always cool stuff going on around Amazon - you can even bring your dog to work! ", " I am currently a Process Assistant. I enjoy my job but looking for something more. I have been with the company for almost 8 years total time and I am looking to utilize my knowledge and experience at a higher level. ", " I am happy to work for a company who looks out for their employees and looks past a persons disabilities but instead looks for their strong points. ", " Amazon will recognize you for doing a good job and give you  vendor bucks and coupons. My co-workers were very friendly and fun to work with. The hardest part is always trying to meet the quota with minimum mistakes. The job was fun because you got to see a lot of different things come in. You never knew what would be in the boxes. ", " 10 hours of work with two 10 min. breaks &amp; one 30 min lunch. i learned to always keep your workplace clean &amp; stay hard at work, Fun co workers, Fun managers, Strict cell phone policy, hardest part of the job was to switch different jobs every day, most enjoyable part i would say is learn all the postions inside of the warehouse. ", " I enjoy working at Amazon. It Is a very large warehouse with a lot of walking. They do provide free water and Gatorade. We are sometimes sent home if there is not enough work available but that's not too often. We also are not on a point system if I had to miss work for any reason. ", " I really enjoyed my time at Amazon. it is a very fast paced work environment. It can be physically demanding at times, but the people you meet there are friendly and our team leaders were very optimistic, motivated and energetic. ", " Work week was Sunday- Wednesday 7a.m. to 5 p.m. with 2 -15 min. breaks paid , 1/2 hour lunch unpaid, we either packed or we loaded trucks, seperating packages on the mexinine for either ups, fed ex. We took pride in our work, quality control, and production. The group that I was with, we were part of the original ones in the door, we beat records, and received good write ups, we were asked to be Ambassadors which are trainers, that train the integrity staffing people to help us get the production for the peak season (christmas) out the door and into the customers hands in time. We made friends, and enjoyed working together, sad when we started to go our seperate ways to other jobs, and as for me back to my home state. The most enjoyable part of this job is my friends and I rocked numbers and we competed with each other to see what our numbers for each day would be. I miss my friends, and some of the managers that we had. I had a wonderful experience with Amazon.com, it started to go down hill when they started hiring managers right out of college that had no idea what they were getting into, this was sad, and it cost them some really good managers that were more experienced and workers that knew what they were doing. ", " ICQA (Inventory Control and Quality Assurance) Performs duties such as Counting Inventory and Quality Assurance. Maintaining the Productivity and Quality of the customers merchandise. Performing productively and successfully to make the needed rate. ", " Having to meet up with the company stated monthly target made the job even more challenging but fun. The co-workers were friendly and great team players. ", " hard work fun people good advice from helpful managers always ready to help hardest thing onthe job was constantly walking it takes a toll on your feet but its good for your health an after lunch theyt play music on the speakers to help you move fast an pass the time more quickly ", " This is a warehouse environment. The security is well managed there. The company has a strict rule of safety first on the job. It is well managed. ", " prepped,received, picked, problem solved, lifted. learned alot about computers, ordering, high paced, demanding, vendors. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " When i worked at Piggly Wiggly as a stocker that was the most intense workplace i've ever worked at, i did not mind it and loved constantly being up on my feet getting my work done. ", " They want you to work hard and not contented when you reach your percent they always wants more more more. No security they can fire you anytime. ", " as amazon forklift driver i use to drive the forklift with a safety and productif peace so to get thing done properly and in limited time frame ", " -My tipical day at work is normally long and boring -I have learned how many people buy off of the enternet -They pretty cool -I have to stand on my feet in one single spot all day -Break time ", " Working to all the usual contact centre restraints, but more focused on resolving customer queries on first contact and taking ownership until resolution. ", " You have to work really hard for low salary, high target are really hard to achieve, no air condition system, only 1 break time that means you have to work 4 hours without a break ", " load-un-load amazon trucks seperate an prepare for shipping fill all orders in timely fashion ", " They will get everything they can out of you, while not caring about you. ", " If you apply just dont chose to be a picker. that job is from hell and the mangers hold rates and production over your head not to mention they are nasty ", " I love working at Amazon, everyone there is like family and friends to me. It is so fun to work there learning new things every day ", " it was a reat experience and i would have loved to get hired on but that was just a temp position every year.. they did not like to outside hire. ", " A typical day at Amazon was good. people go in with a good mind frame to work the hours that we had to do. what did i learn on my job i learned how to work with people, keep my rate up hard working, learned how to talking to people at all times. The management at the job was great. The co-workers was great. I did not have a problem with them the was willing to teach me  what i8 need to know about the job. there was there to help me keep my rate up. The was there on hand and foot when i needed them. The hardest part of my job is when i had to keep that rate up on every different part of the warehouse no matter if i went to smalls, mediums, or lager boxes each rate was different that was the hardest thing of the job. The most enjoyable thing at the job was just being there and meeting new people the different things that they had going in the warehouse to make the time go by. winning prizes by keeping you rate up  I enjoyed everything about me job. at AMAZON ", " With work i did at amazon i feel as if they should not have left to leave a dying town behind that my input. it was fun with the night shift and the hours are long on peak season. ", " I would fulfill orders, package, and ship items. It was a difficult job in a face paced environment, and it was a difficult job. I learned a lot by working at Amazon. ", " The biggest adventage is that I have practiced working knowledge of Lean Six Sigma tools, Standard Operating Procedure (SOP). ", " pay was great. management sucks they fired mostly everyone for nothing. hours are decent need an extra day if you ask me. close to town. wouldnt mind working there agai ", " 10 hr shifts, lifting 50+ lbs boxes, standing all night 2 15 (really  9 min) break 30 min lunch ", " It was very slow process to get trained on other job duties throughout the warehouse. Sorting was the least exciting job duty in the warehouse. ", " worest place I have ever worked bad management no communication no trust would not recommend anybody work at amazon ", " I just had a great time working with new people everyday. It was a fast pace to work, time always went by pretty quick. Hours were the best Sun-Tues 12 hr shifts and Weds was 4 shifts. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Instruct associates, teach Ambassadors process of teaching, complete reports for management team, go over Building Safety requirements, ", " Working at Amazon was awesome, I loved that it was fast paced so the night went by very fast. ", " typical day at work what you learned management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job ", " I was kept busy and was working 10-hour days. What the employee was given, could have been better, but the workplace was not one of the worst I've seen. ", " Amazon.com is a great place to work. It has a great environment, Co-workers are easy to be around. The management was good. I learned how to drive Forklifts while i was employed there, i also learned how to sort and designate certain products to there correct locations. The most enjoyable part of the job to me would have to be just being around great people and enjoy learning the different types of jobs they had in the building. ", " Had a good time walking around the warehouse meeting new people ", " My position was a pack coach and my job was to assist workers with packing and also answer question any of the associate had. ", " the work place as a whole I believe it is really good, you go to work and you know what to expect, there are times where you have to work really quickly to so the the priority orders are out. ", " Not a bad company to work for but they have a tendancy to hire people for one position and put them in a completely non relevant position. ", " loved working here. it was a very fast pace always busy fun and adventress. worked with all types of people. ", " When I was working at amazon I worked at a station and work off a computer screen. I had to scan the product wait for the paperwork to come off the printer then pack the product and add the receipt for customer into the package. I worked 3pm-11pm with half hour unpaid break. I worked along side other colleges and reached all targets before the end of the shift. ", " Hardworking and fast paced especially during the holidays. I learned that Amazon is a reputable company. It is a good job if you want a temporary job, but they only offer a few full time positions. The hardest part of the job is standing for 10 hours a day. The most enjoyable part of the job is the rewards for doing a good job ($20 gas cards, etc..). ", " short breaks demanding work no value of workers. easily fire people with no regards. you walk around all day doing the same thing while every manager consistently threat the worker for no reason to get them fire due to over hires ", " I enjoyed my job and the people I worked with. The hours were perfect for family. I liked working 4 10hr days. I liked the diverse positions. ", " Amazon Fulfillment is a great \"after high school\" job. It's a fast pace, and very productive place to work. Very customer oriented, and overall a great place to work. ", " Long day's. Management needs work (poor internal comm). HR personnel management needs work (time and attendance). Very little profit margin as a whole, therefore no job security. ", " a typical day at Amazon was a 10 or 12 hour shift of walking anywhere from 10-15 miles a day to be precise. There was no sitting at all you had to be walking and moving the entire time. Working there I learned to work accurately at a full speed. Management was the absolute worst they were never anywhere to be found and when you did find them they were never really a big help. Co-workers were okay I guess you had the mean and nasty ones, the sweet ones, the helpful ones, the friendly ones and the funny ones who made the time at work fly by. the job itself was fairly easy the only challenging part was keeping your rate up. the most enjoyable part of the job was lunch break and the days we got sent home early because there wasn't any work. ", " Modern day slavery.  Pay is not enough for the amount of work you need to do, but the benefits package is decent. ", " the typical day at work would start with the stand up and then everyone grabs their scanner and a cart and go to pick up the order which is placed the line. The hardest part of the job is to work the 15 miles daily routine. ", " Working at amazon was an interesting experience. The company seems to go out of their way to make employees happy, safe, and comfortable. They also show their appreciation to the employees by serving dinners, snacks, and giving out gift cards. Being a picker is a very important and tough job. Once you get used to it it's really not bad at all. I enjoy the exercise and knowing exactly what I have to do when I come into work. I lost 15 pounds in just that month of working there. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Easy job but too many technicians for the amount of work provided. They did not promote team environment. There was a buddy system in place and that is how they promoted. There were a lot of techs that where more experienced but did not get promoted. ", " Working as a picker, I was on my feet all the time -- for a very long period of time.I found it a lot more fun once I got my PIT license and could do air picking. Walking around for 12 hours at a time is for the birds....Either way, you get a lot of exercise, and, especially during peak, there is a lot of opportunity for overtime. The area managers are great to work with and very supportive of their team. The senior management, however, are generally very standoffish - especially if you're working for their staffing agency and haven't converted over to a regular Amazon employee. As a whole, they are all big sticklers for quality and speed. Safety too - but that's understandable. They're very unforgiving with their point system and clocking in and out on time. The breaks are very short. Senior management likes to lurk in the aisles, especially their safety guys, looking for reasons to write people up - especially if you're holding your scanner while pushing a cart, pushing the cart the wrong way, backing out of an aisle with your cart or on a PIT, trivial stuff like that. I don't think there was a lot of planning put into this facility from an equipment or logistics standpoint because from that aspect it was a nightmare during Christmas peak. People were constantly waiting around for empty carts to use and getting yelled at because they weren't looking hard enough for carts that weren't even available. Obviously they have some planning issues to work out - they really seem to be making a lot of stuff up as they go - but it's an alright place to work if you want or need to do ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> something in the interim of doing something else. Also, don't count on working a certain amount of hours any given night, they're liable to ask for a whole bunch of people to VTO right after the shift has started if they're low on work. ", "  \tHandled various warehouse activities using strict safety guidelines.  \tPromoted to SLAM operator in short period of time.  \tPacked and labeled merchandise to be shipped.   \tProvided great customer service with a positive attitude.   \tRemained a team player while meeting company goals. ", " I loved my co workers they were to friendly,no dull moments. i liked my co workers because u might as well say we were family by the way are hours and days were. ", " I worked for Amazon as a seasonal employee for their peak season (Christmas) while there, I was offered full time hours, and was provided with a wonderful team of leaders. ", " The place was well ventilated considering it is a big warehouse. And there was always work and good people to work with.I had a great time and would like to return to Amazon. ", " I have enjoyed working at Amazon the past few years it has been a great work experience knowing how much of an important part of the business i have become ", " Productive, extremely busy place to work.  Met several very nice co-workers. Brought alot of need jobs to Murfreesboro, Tennessee. ", " Amazon is a great place for versatility, you have the chance to get trained in every department from pack, pick, shipping, I learned lots of things from packing to driving a forklift, I love my coworkers they are great and hard working. ", " picking, packing operating  Box on Demand (BOD) machine. Operating Low level order pickers  and offering training to new hires.  As a trainer I have gain valuable experience in the many day to day running of warehouse work and  good interpersonal and problem solving skills. ", " Worked there twice and will not go back a third time. Zero hour contracts. Permanent staff are not very helpful and tend to help their own ethnic friends more. ", " Working at amazon was an experience. It was my first time working in a distribution center and it actually wasn't that bad as i thought it would be ", " I works Wednesday through Sunday from seven in the morning to six at night.The hours were actually decent, but the breaks couldn't come soon enough. With driving an order picker, I couldn't make it from the charging zone to the front of the plant during our fifteen minute breaks, due to all the traffic in the charge zone. ", " HARDEST PART IS NOT LONG ENOUGH BREAK TIMES. BEST PART THEY PAY FOR YOU TO GO TO SCHOOL. WINNING PRODUCTS TO BE THE FASTEST PACKER. ", " A good place to work if you need money, good wage but very hard work and breaks are not long enough. ", " Go do my job duties as followed but can't stand the lack of leader ship amazon has in there building it's leaders are cold hearted un fair discriminative people with lack of respect for other associates i hated amazon only thing i missed from their is their pay. ", " walked for over nine hours retrieving items using an RF scan gun and putting them into a container then loading it onto a conveyor belt. Lifted up to 30lbs. ", " Pack products that need to be delivered to amazon customers. I learnt time keeping was key to hit the goals required. Enjoyed working with people there as it's a friendly environment. ", " This is an alright company to work for.  The company is one that does not care for its workers.  My coworkers are very nice people ", " The co-workers are nice but managers are two faced and sexist. Nights sucked but not sure of days and schedule was good. The hardest part of the job was making it thru the night and the most enjoyable part of the job was going home after 10 hour of work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " For the most part it's slave work. I worked as a picker and it was tough to say the least. Typically had to walk 5-15 miles per day. The breaks were too short. By the time you leave the pick area and get to the break room, your break gets cut almost in half.  The pay was decent for a warehouse job. They always had work so I always did 40 hours. ", " Good people to work with.   Had good times when production was moving. ", " some management needs work other than that no complaints.Some days are slower than others overall easy job. Hard part is dealing with unruly customers. ", " A typical day as a Lead coach is very exciting. We go in and go to stand ups ( every morning each locating ( packing, picking, stowing...etc) have a stand up there they tell us how we did the day before, what they expect for that day and we also stretch. Than everyone go to where they are suppose to go and I go and talk to all our associates and new introduce myself to new ones. Around 8;30 am we have a meeting and there we pass out deliverable s and talk about whats expected for that day. We than go and pass our deliverable s to our associates ( deliverable s are Point reviews, write us. proof of education, and Positives). Than we go ask managers for rates and work with those whose rates are very low and show them things so that they can make rate. Those whose rates are great we go and let them know and keep motivating them and ask if they need any help. After i am done w that i go and put information on computer and so on. I learn different things every day i mean we have all type of cultures working at amazon, i love how i can talk to different people and learn new things. My cow- workers ( HR team) are the best people ever and they are always wiling to help me in anything i need. The hardest part of my job is having to walk somebody out because of their rates. the most enjoyable part of my job is being able to talk to everyone. ", " It is a fast paced environment and the people are very supportive and helpful. ", " its a good job easy to learn and co-workers are great they teach you the whole job so that you can work almost any position if needed to ", " Great team environment. Managers and coworkers are respectful and intolerance is not an issue. Many positions for movement and promotion. ", " i worked in this place for a couple of months but the location was a bit to far for me ", " Great benefits horrible management. Bad for business short breaks treat associates like trash like they need the company, unorganized. ", " Meet at standup, then go to mezzanine to work, 15 break from the time you scan one item until the next and after you walk to the restroom or break room your 15 mins is up because of the long distance you have to walk, then back to mezzanine to work then a lunch break, after lunch meet back at standup, then back to work, the last break is determined by when your supervisor decides the next 15 minute break is going to be. ", " Was a tough temp job. Worked long hours with last second required overtime. ", " I truly hated this job from start to finish,you were treated like cattle,management were essentially bullies who set unrealistic targets.Your rota was changed without warning or consultation. ", " it's an ok job while it last, but they're not very giving when it comes to job/life balance. ", " Job security, easy advancement. okay pay overall good place to work ", " A lot of working but good benefits and pay. Your being training is great and there if you need it. Management has an open door policy. Their are a lot of co-workers but their there to help you when needed. The hardest part of the job is the beginning because your working very hard to get the CPT's in. The most enjoyable part of the job is going home and knowing that you did a good days work. ", " it was a overall accomplishment I like it a lot the work is a lot of fun an I got to meet a lot of nice people the hardest part was meeting my rate an I enjoyed that an management was a lot like family ", " A typical day working for Amazon's grocery delivery service requires most people to be able to walk over 10 miles per day in low temperatures.   The compensation and benefits do not fit the amount of work that is done, and the possibility of advancing or working for Amazon in a different capacity is non-existent.   Management varies, with some dedicated professionals, but with a disproportionate amount of barely competent slackers. ", " Great place to work with many opportunities to solve unique problems that you often won't see in other environments.  Across the board the strongest team of engineers that I've worked with.  There is no problem unsolvable at Amazon!    Teams are generally small, and given a lot of leeway to make decisions which is very liberating.  The small teams, combined with the workload, require a higher time commitment than any other place that I've worked at (poor work/life balance). ", " Disconnect between management and associates. The rate system is not consistent, many of the rules here do not seem to make sense. ", " I love working Amazon. Amazing place to work and awesome environment. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " no review, it's Amazon. Hiring takes place thru Integrity Staffing. Upon completion with temp. service given opportunity to become full time. ", " it was a fun environment everyone was friendly and helpful it really didn't seem like job. It felt like a nice place. The work was easy I enjoyed it because I like to walk a lot and it involve walking most of the time. The only hardest park was all the cars in the parking lot that was pretty much it. ", " I do my daily task with no problems which lets me talk to other co works and enjoy their company. the hardest thing might only be is just trying to stay focus. ", " shifts are extremely long breaks are cut short very demanding pay is good  can be very hot in the warehouse managers are worrisome ", " working at amazon was the best experience the work was easy and the pase was face. The work at amazon doesn't really give you time to get sleepy or slack off on your work.my co workers where all decent but what matter most was getting the work load completed.the hardest part of the job is the work conditions such as weather. ", " Overall the skills and experience in working at Amazon were wonderful. I had a very good mentor that taught me the ropes and I enjoyed the challenge of Sales Tax laws. ", " The hardest part is standing on your feet all day. Once you get passed that its easy. They train you very effectively and make sure you know how to do the job assigned to the best of your ability. If you are struggling they will definitely help you out and figure out what can be fixed or changed. ", " Overworked and underpaid. Top out pay is only $9.85 , 10.00 if your a cashier. You can work every department in the store but it will take you 10 years to become a manager or you may never become one. ", " Amazon was a great place to work during the short time I was there. Breaks were a little short, but I excelled in my area. Although I was put on a list of amazing Amazon workers, I was still laid off after only 30 days of employment. ", " i discovered my stregnths whilse working for amazon and they are i have a great ability of working well as an individual and i even work better with others.i also noticed that i can multitask adapt to different enviroments and change of position. ", " trained new and existing employees in how to properly work in a safe environment based on policy and procedure. Fast-paced receiving, stocking, picking products and orders for customers. Working in groups to improve innovation, productivity and safety. ", " Hard working from start to finish sometime real long days when they mandatory 12 hour shifts. most of all not a bad place to work real nice and clean environment ", " Although I was not hired permanently, it was a good experience and very upbeat positive attitude kind of business. Absolutely huge warehouse setting kept order pickers really moving all over the place. Machine operator is more my background but not available at the time. ", " Working at Amazon has really help me build a strong work ethic, being in such a fast paced work environment has helped me be more efficient while still paying attention to detail. ", " Its Wal-Mart....Low wages. If you don't like it, hit the door because we will replace you in 5 minutes...That's the life of a Wal-Mart Associate ", " Overnight shifts take a toll on your life after 2+ years.  Its a great job and you meet a bunch of very smart people who have great ideas.  Holiday season can be very stressful but you make a bunch of money throughout that part of the year.  Overall a great place to work. ", " I started this institute and since it was my own very first business i had too many responsibilities to be taken care of simultaneously, from administration to syllabus designing and scheduling teachers. I learnt a lot from this. ", " to go and collect specified items in correct area and put on your trolley,go get more and take back to unloading area in warehouse, You need to either have the headspace or be quite fit,I made some friends on both visits,great money. ", " Fast paced working environment Lots of movement Lots of walking Can be a fun place to work Opportunities to work in different departments ", " The only good thing about this place is the pay and every once in a while they would give free snacks at lunch. When the season is done they start letting people go. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon.com in Campbellsville KY is a very good job.  I only would consider leaving for another job close to the culture of Amazon.com ", " I didn't like this job because of some of the management staff and the work wasn't for me because I have way more potential then to pack items into a box all day ", " Easy to learn, set schedule, benefits, overtime, paid time off and vacation, advancement opportunity ", " This job was very hard to manage with my school schedule but they do pay good money. They are also very precise with maintaining a good production and quality work. ", " Amazon / Integrity staffing solutions are very critical to the employees, always negative feedbacks, ", " I absolutely loved this job! the bosses were awesome and treated you like an equal, work was engaging, great pay and hours ", " always stayed busy, a repetitive workplace, I learned basically all the functions of operating in a warehouse, the most enjoyable part about the job was peak season. ", " really bad company. they are so rude. do NOT work there !! the co workers were alright. typical day was 10 hr shifts!!!!!!!!!!! ", " I had no bad review to give about Amazon it was Fun  In peak season they are great incentives for associates ", " Job was not complicated. Very fast paced. Very demanding. As long as you are willing to work your butt off, you will do well here. ", " i loved working at amazon the managers and co-workers are very nice and friendly towards you, if you need help with anything they are there to help you at all times. ", " Amazon.com is full of the best of the best. I learned something new every day and I am grateful for my time there. ", " good working enviroment enjoyed the picking and the free exercise  ", " Maintain and develop components assigned. Have time to learn skill/knowledge you're interested in , such as AWS service SDK and so on. ", " It was a great place to work and I earned good money just couldn't balance it with my school schedule. There was little advancement. ", " fast pace work environment with multitudes of managerial personnel about to give direction. lots of people to help get the job done. ", " Long hours Good pay Low on Benefits and 401k matching Hiring bar is getting lower each year Talented individuals are leaving the company ", " loved it..fast paced ..smooth work enviroment..people are great..everybody happy..loved working with the models...my supervisor was very kool.. ", " It is a fine place to work. Good hours, nice compensation, flexible hours, friendly management, and a lot of freedom to move around as long as you get your work done. ", " Fast paced physical and mental job. High expectations and goals. Customer focused and safe "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I hated the job because intergrity staffing do suck. All they do is harsh all there workers. Being a picker is not a good position to pick. It's constantly a lot of walking ever day for 10 hours. The breaks go by so fast. The intergrity staff will claim you been off task for 10-55 mins and try to write you up. Their point systems is so stupid. If you do decide to work there then try to get hired up and pick another position beside PICKING. I never hated a job so much. It's a lot of overtime during the holidays too. ", " amazon isn't a bad place to work. but they could be a little more understanding and patient. they can find things to make our jobs a little easier. ", " I worked in the recieving department where I would receive items into the facility. It was pretty easy but hard on the body which was the hardest part of the job. I enjoyed working there because of the people, the pay, and the great workout. ", " Not in the same area everyday, work 10hours a day sunday-wed, love my co-workers very nice, hardest part of my job is standing in one spot for 10 hours. The most enjoyable part I look forward is getting my 3 days off from work. ", " work hard, patience, alright, nice, all the walking i had to do. Having a job ", " Good place to work if you like 12 hours on your feet constantly going all the time. Great pay and benefits. No home life if you work thru peak or overnights. ", " This job was great, it provided the opportunity to develop additional skills in, warehousing, order pulling and ship processing. ", " On a typical day at Amazon, I would be loading product onto trucks to be sent out for for shipment. Being the fastest truck loader on the job, I would usually help train new employees and help other co-workers whose lines were getting backed up so that every order could make the shipment on time. This taught me how to work with a team and a little bit of leadership. My manager made everyday worth while coming into work because he would listen to problems to help solve them and make jokes regularly to help boost moral. Overall I loved the workout the job gave and the fact that I was good at what I did. ", " My typical day starts off with evening goals to beat &amp; first stretching before shift. I have learned how to work in a fast pace environment safely &amp; productively. Management helps out a lot &amp; are willing to do one on one assessments to help you better move forward. Everyone of my co-workers are fun and lively individuals. ", " Great staff, good working conditions friendly co-workers. I leaved how amazon.com ships their goods the hardest part of the job was standing all day and the most enjoyable part of the job was the pay every friday that excites me ", " Always a new fresh start , love the working conditions , health and safety is prime importance , well managed , full training and help provided. ", " I like to push myself hard , meeting targets gives me motivation has well has people skills and working beside a team or on my own .   I found the hardest part of my job was having a time limit of 60 seconds to complete a pick order then move on to the next order but I enjoyed it has it kept me on my feet.   I liked the different type of people who worked with me everyday was so different and I enjoyed it. ", " I loved working there and if I could go back for another season I would. ", " I really enjoyed working at Amazon It was a wonderful feeling to be able to help customers and compensate them when they had problems with their orders. I have taking irate calls from customers and by the time we hung up that customer was calm I took bad situation and turned them to a positive situation and that made me feel great..  I would have loved for this to have been a permanent position I enjoyed working her more than any job I have had in my past ", " not a great work inviroment the company is a hard working place it is idle for having fun or talking management is ok the only good thing about amazon is the people you meet there very nice ", " Compensation here is good. Typical days can range from all hands on deck, to dead as a door nail. Everyone is great fun, no one allows you to wear a frown!   Time keeping is strict, but the rewards are amazing! ", " Amazon is a typical warehouse job. The hours are long, it is fast paced and I don't get much time to spend with my children. It is a great place to work as far as the employees go. It is fun and you are always on the go. ", " Its a 10 hr shift two 15 min break and 30 min lunch 4 day work schedule and 3 days off  I learned how to have work ethic and learned ins and outs of amazon   Management are decent cant really complain about them  I love my co workers they are energetic and make a long day a short and fun for me  The hardest part of the job is picking it is hard work walking at a certain pace to make rate for 10 hrs ", " I had a pretty good time while i worked there. I was laid off because of my rates, it was ridiculous, it was my first job so i got some experience now :D ", " i just wanna go to work and get work done, its good, and always busy and your constantly working "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The hardest part is standing on your feet all day. Once you get passed that its easy. They train you very effectively and make sure you know how to do the job assigned to the best of your ability. If you are struggling they will definitely help you out and figure out what can be fixed or changed. ", " I enjoyed my time at amazon as it was a friendly place to work i met new people and got on with my bosses to the hardest part of my job as i was a picker was having to walk around the picking tower  as i was going home with blisters all over the bottom of my feet but at least i knew i was doing my job  ", " Amazon is a growing company that understands not only customer satisfaction but also employee satisfaction. They care about their employees more than any company I've worked for which is a very good thing because its hard to run a company without your employees being happy. ", " amazon is a great place to work at everyone their are friendly management are the best ", " The company ws very supportive and helpful. management treated their associates great. ", " Great place to work they reward employees, its clean and safe, they cater to the needs of employees. This company likes to have fun but is also very professional . during holiday season the do custom contest and gift give aways. ", " Very fast paced with one call after the other. Every call different than the other. Some 2-minutes long with no issues, others 45+ minutes with multiple issues.  A verity of questions, from help finding a toothbrush to setting up a Blu-ray player to play Amazon Instant Video's. ", " You have to work in a fast pace, interacting with co-workers and managers. The technology Amazon use is excellent, and is incredible the amount of items that Amazon sell a day ", " It is a fast paced environment that has a continuous flow. It is a job that is growing and is going to be around for many years to come. ", " I do my daily task with no problems which lets me talk to other co works and enjoy their company. the hardest thing might only be is just trying to stay focus. ", " I WORK IN AVENEL NJ SORT CENTER. I AM A SORTER.THE JOB IS BABY CAKES ANY ONE CAN DO IT.I SEE PEOPLE THAT LOOK LIKE THEY ARE ON THERE 60'S WORK IN THERE IS VERY LIGHT WORK NOT HEAVY AT ALL,THE ONLY THING IS THAT YOU DO HAVE TO WALK ALOT AND STAND NO SITTING.BUT HEY YOUR BODDY ADAPTS ", " I would just make sure the item and the of numbers product was right. ", " Good and fun to work there, the people are greate, management is very poor. ", " the pay was pretty good,very easy job but some was trying to run the job like they had a higher postion. ", " It isnt a walk in the park. The first week will be your make it or break it point. my co-workers were amazing. We kept each other uplifted. the hardest part is the strain on your body. The most enjoyable part is making it a competition. ", " It was a pleasure to be associated with amazon, while working for Testing projects, loved every bit of it .Best wishes eveyone ", " - Repaired broken printers and desktop PCs - Great team performance among all personnel - Learning abounds when seeing behind the scenes of a major distribution center ", " good pay hot in summer intensive very nice people very responsive management team ", " no job security. they were constantly hiring and firing groups of people. ", " crazy hours and not bad to work low pay no razes when I worked there. ok co-workers "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " learned alot in different departments.came seasonal...still there 6 weeks later..i hope i get fulltime... ", " A typical day at work, making sure that my task for that day is completed,including ''Gift Wrapping'' and ''Packing'' customers items. What I've learned working at Amazon is that customer service is always the number one priority. Management at Amazon is very influential to all employes. My co-workers and I teaches each other strength in order to accomplish our task.The hardest part about my job was is that I had to leave because of relocation. The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to interact with co-workers in a positive and enjoyable manner to get the job done. ", " The staff come in and stretch before we start working, look on the board and see where you will be working. I have learned their system and how they ship their packages out. ", " 1- its a very fast paced job and requires lot of determination, the supervisor and leadership category is very cooperative and understanding. 2- Management is Not able to develop interest in the job.  3- lot of management errors shoul can be rectified 3-General feeling is that Management consider the workers as ", " Although I enjoyed working with Amazon, it is a very unsecured job. I was always under a lot of pressure as people were getting paid off at anytime and most of the time due to no faults of their own. This put a lot of pressure on me as I have to pay bills and not knowing if I was going to be able to pay bills the following month was stressful.   The salary although was reasonable, but a good chunk of it went on public transport to get to and from there. Amazon also changed their shifts times  a lot and this lead to people having problems getting there as it was very early starts.  Some of the management team do not care for the workers and point them for silly things for example being two minutes late. The most enjoyable part of the job was the work its self. ", "  \tPick customers orders on all levels of a multi-level mezzanine.  \tOperate forklift and cherry picker in safe manner.  \tPhysical demands of standing, walking, lifting, pulling, pushing, bending, etc.  \tUnderstand and adhere to all aspects of production and quality standards. ", " Come in and get straight to work things went very quick there. I learned to pick, pack and sow there also to driver a forklift, and management was not to good because since there was so many people at Amazon people did not really get to deal with management . The people I worked with was cool it seem like the changed everyday so I got to meet many people. Many people say that Amazon was hard but to me I really thought it was easy. The most enjoyable part was meeting all the new people ", " It was a wonderful place to work. A very nice facility and job atmosphere.  The training was very beneficial and helpful. The hardest part of the job was the customers were rude. ", " Amazon is my first IT job. I have learned a lot within the past 2 years with this company. A typical work day for me involves coming into work and checking the ticket queue for any unassigned (newly arrived) tickets then seeing what my co-workers are handing off from the shift before. After this, I start working on my daily task such as performing daily RF scanner audits, MDF security checks, check for any needed RMA items, clean collate printers, and walking around to see if there is anything needed on the production floor.  My co-workers are very helpful, we are a great team. The most enjoyable part of my job is the feeling I get when I run accross a new issue that I have never dealt with before and the feeling I get when I fix the issue. ", " A typical day at Amazon Integrity was very fast paced and productive.  Everyday there was a rate that had to be met so there was no time for games.  Management was always refreshing and willing to help, as were my co-workers.  The hardest part about working at Amazon Integrity was meeting 90% of the rate each day, but after doing it for about a week or so it became an easy task.  The most enjoyable part about my job was knowing that the work I am doing is making another person somewhere in the world happy. ", " Had a great time working there.Leads were great.Godd hours.I learned how to use a scanner,ship and receive and also how to pack.Co-workers were helpful. ", " Fulfillment center with vast areas to work within the facility. Training and experience prior to accepting assignments. Good interaction within the company and its employees to management. ", " This company allows for advancement along with training available. The company is new to this area with many transfers from Corporate and branch offices. The work ethic is a very positive one and allows for inter-actions. ", " The days felt straight and you had to be hitting an impossibly high target, with in 2 weeks I was working at the top 5% but I still couldn't hit the 100% mark of work, only ever got 93% and that was me basically jogging every where. Mind would drift away and would just make the working boring and dull. ", " Its all fun and games the first week or two, But you only have 6weeks to be at the gole of 100%. They write you up for everything. They preach safty but know that in order to make the gols you cant fallow the rules all the time. Let one person go over the rate set and they up the rate. If your a person that struggles to make rate you will be gone because you couldnt keep up. Over all this place SUCKS!!! You would be stupid to work here.. ", " One of the best environment to work for those who want to develop themselves and are open to challenges. A platform for reaching out to you professional and career goal ", " Amazon's philosophy is a great one seeing that they're customer obsessed. The benefits are wonderful and the standard work processes are superb in theory and in action. The open door policy to management is a plus as well. Being able to have contact with Senior Management Staff and have a chance to voice your personal opinion in open form is a unique company trait. But the hiring of senior staff could be better seeing that these are the people who actually run facilities. If Senior Staff don't follow standard work processes and don't listen to there associates because they are concerned more about numbers, that in turn causes variation in different processes. Variation is the enemy of any process and it makes a regular associates job harder to perform because there is always something new to get around. Although they have wonderful benefits, start-off pay is not desirable compared to the work you are asked to do at the level expected. But Amazon also compares their pay to other similar local businesses in the surrounding areas every year. So that leaves room to adjust the pay scale for employees which is a good thing. Plus vacation pay and bonuses are wonderful. You have the opportunity to advance in position faster than most companies. You also have a chance to perform job functions that most companies would require more experience to do. Overall, a Amazon employee could take what they have learned from this company and could be successful anywhere. This is a great company. ", " As a Problem Solver I was in charge of first line errors occurring primarily in the receiving department. I corrected pricing, description, and image discrepancies that conflicted with actual product to fix the online website. I handled problems in receiving, stocking, stowing, and picking of merchandise. ", " When we were looking into working for Amazon we were told that it was hard work.  We felt that we were used to hard work so took the job.  We are retired and are full-time rvers and workampers.  The Amazon offer was $10 hour plus a paid campsite for a commitment to stay until December 23rd or released by management.  I cannot emphasize enough.  It was HARD WORK.  We are now in the best shape we have been in for a long time.  Management was wonderful to us and we were treated extremely well.    We are planning on returning next year. ", " Productivity driven.  Safe environment.  Very little chance for advancement beyond entry level. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I've learned that anything is possible as long as u push yourself Management was difficult and un-organized My co workers sometimes be the reason of why I come to work The hardest part of my job is trying to keep up with the production numbers which can be almost impossible to fulfill  I enjoyed the challenges that I sometimes would have to face ", " - Picking inventory from stock locations to fill production or customer orders. Intermittent periods of continuous physical exertion such as walking, standing, stooping, climbing, and lifting up to 50lbs of materials or equipment ", " A rush is the only way to explain a typical day.  I learnt i'm target driven, quite fit and that gel inner soles are fantastic.  I dont know about the \"upstairs\" management but the guys we had running our department where the nicest guys, that being the managers on \"non con\" I met some interesting people, from published authors, female Engineers to artists.  The hardest part of the job, was getting used to working nights and putting up with co-workers who were lazy in doing what was necessary for all to get the job done.  There wasn't really any enjoyable part of the job except to see the friendly faces of co-workers ", " Liked working for them but it was a temp job so didnt last long enough. ", " I don't know what I enjoyed more the everchanging variety of friendly faces I got to work with or the workout I enjoyed getting as I completed my tasks at Amazon. ", " I started as a packer, after a month or so more opportunities started to head my way. I learnt a process called Re-bin where you are give a tote of items, you scan an item and it tells you where to put the slot so the packers can pack it. I was also pick trained and I started gaining more responsibilities. It was a great feeling to meet a deadline.   In my time at Amazon I learnt how the online ordering process works, an item is picked, packed and shipped into a lorry to be sent to the post office.   The management I have mixed feelings for, some of them are wonderful and are happy to see to your every need in order to keep you happy. ''A happy worker is a good worker.'' However, I have seen a darker side to the leaders. I, myself was only a temp or a green badge. If you do not meet a certain standard which I personally believe can be very strenuous on the employee, walking roughly 10-15 miles a day in temperatures' as high as 33^C. The term 'Sweat shop' comes to mind. Sometimes the standard is hard to reach, it even got to a point once where if I went to the toilet, I wouldn't meet my rate for how many boxes I should be packing in an hour.   My co-workers couldn't have been better. I was surrounded by a wide variety of people. I met so many lovely people during that time who would always keep the morale going when mine was low towards the end of the day. I had a lot of fun with the lower and higher echelons of Amazon.   The hardest part of the job was either: meeting the rates which Amazon set or overcoming the exhaustion of walking miles on end, pushing a tote in the ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> pick tower or ''The Oven''. ", " - My most current workplace was such a fun and hard working environment where you get to meet new people and learn the fast pace of meeting targets set by the company.  - would say I learn how to achieve product demand with fast and proactive way.  - managing the product and item is highly valuable - My co workers are always friendly while at work - The hardest part of the work is that you have to meet targets or even exceed targets each day at work - The most enjoyable part of the Job is that during break hours you get to meet all the workers from different departments and communicate whatever you need to talk about with them which makes it pleasant. ", " A typical day at work is taking back to back phone calls and assisting excellent customer service to all our callers and making even the worst thing better. I have learned how to have more patients with people and how to kind of put your self in their shoes and understand where they are coming from. I love my co-workers they are the best and management as well its a very family oriented environment. The hardest part of my job is getting angry customers and not taking it as a personal attack. The most enjoyable part is going to a great work environment and making great money in  the process. ", " I enjoy working at Amazon. You get treated fairly by the managers and team leaders. My typical day would consist of many different duties which i found challenging but enjoyable. I have gained more experience and feel more confident doing many different warehouse duties. ", " The day is busy, fast enviroment, and team work. I learn how to do my job fast and safely. the job allow you to learn many departments. Managemnt are easy to talk too. The co-worker are good to work like every other job. The harderst part of the job, finish the goal for the day and have VTO. I enjoy learning new departments and work as teams. ", " They were not flexable with no one. It was a fast pace , busy job. It was very demanding for most people and it was none stop. The pay was pretty good for the amount of work that you had to do. ", " Cool place to work. Job was tedious at times, but it gave you a great workout. Overtime, your body would get used to it and you would be fine. The pay was Awesome! Only thing is it was a seasonal job which didn't last very long. ", " Inbound recieve I would check all products that came in were not damaged and I did some problem solving to. ", " working here was a very time cosuming job. i enjoyed the fast pace. being in charge of of myself with the trust of the amazon staff, was a great way for a person to be able to show there own potential. ", " amazon is a okay company to work for if people was more respectful towards each other it would be great. ", " you would pick &amp; pack all day i learned my job from top to bottom. Management was great. if something you did not know they would take the time to teach you.the co-workers were great also. they would also take time to show you a faster &amp; more proper way of packing your product. the hardest part of the job was making your rate and standing in the same place 10 hours a day. the most enjoyable part of the job was working with your co-workers. ", " Although some staff members are uptight, most of them were easy to get along with. ", " There your talked to any kind of way they don't appreciate their employees. you work like a slave and the brakes are to short. there is no enjoyable part of this job but the pay. ", " TYPICAL DAY AT AMAZON IS HARD WORK.  LEARNED ALL ABOUT A WAREHOUSE. MANAGEMENT IS VERY FRIENDLY. HARDEST PART IS BUILDING A PERFECT PALLET.  MOST ENJOYABLE PART OF THE JOB IS KNOWING YOU HAVE A JOB. ", " At work we are measured by metrics of investigations /hour and the quality of our work, work well in a fast pace environment  The team I work with is very enthusiastic and focused. We work well together as we all help each other and strive for the best quality of work.   The hard and challenging part of the job is to make sure we catch fraud before it happens. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " i enjoyed working at amazon it was always fun and made you want to go to work everyday. ", " Typical day at work walk all day or drive the order picker and pick items into a cart. Real basic job nothing special about it. ", " This job is extremely hard to keep, its like your set up just to fail. ", " THe company is very frugal when it comes to expenditures, frugal in the wrong areas ", " A truly terrible place to work,with more rules than the British army. This company does not ask for you to do overtime it tells you ,compulsory overtime and then it increased your day from 10.5 to 11.5 hours per day all for just above the minimum wage.   Management or at least a majority have no man management skills,nor can most of them run a kids party with any degree of expertise or success.    Co-workers are great all trying to do a job, earn some money at this time of year and most will help you if they can.    Trying to equal the numbers per hour Amazon wants you to process is not easy, but with no union to check the figures you are on a hiding to nothing , if you dont agree they will tell you where the door is.      The most emjoable part of the job is going home. ", " Amazon was a great place to work really friendly managers who you feel comfertable talking to about any problems, other workers were really friendly and an aray of jobs there so your not stuck doing the same thing all the time. ", " scan items print information pack items to be sent to customers ", " Working for Amazon is not easy and they will tell you that in the beginning. If you are someone who loves to work hard and be rewarded then this job is for you. ", " i Feet had blisters by my third day,management was rude an disrespectful ", " A day at work would be long and hard but satifying. I have learned alot about production and customer needs. Also, I have learned how to safely opperate PIT. ", " Always on your feet, if you like an environment where your consistently on your feet and lifting heavy objects, this is the job ", " typical warehouse job functions management does not rotate employees sometimes your stuck in a job for too long sometimes can be fun, at times. ", " They always made mistakes with pay checks, and it feels almost impossible to advance anywhere in the environment. ", " Stand up, with stretches to get ready for work.  Find job duty for day. Learned how to do all kinds of different jobs.  Management is fair, sometimes we get some right out of college, that have no clue what they are doing.  They do learn fast.  I like a lot of my co-workers, sometimes they make the day go so good.  There is always some that are having a bad day, but that's ok.  I just go with the flow. The hardest part is climbing 2 flights of stairs, when I hadn't done it in a while. I like working with people and getting the job done.  Mostly when management tells us at noon standup that we are at or above 100% to goal.  When I have to sign a paper from the office telling me I was a 100% or more. ", " At the Mississauga site - ridiculous hours and tyrany style of sr mgmt ", " There are a lot of good people that work here, For the first couple of weeks you're going to be sore from all the walking but you get used to it. ", " Good work environment, co-workers make the job a fun place to work at. I make sure to get done as much as i can. I've learned to palatalize , how to use a scanner, etc. The hardest part of the job is the long shift. I like working the dock or working jackpot because it can be fast paced and i like to scan the boxes. ", " many workers but its a fun place to work. You do work full time and make pretty good money. ", " Very productive. Learn to pack orders. Management is awesome and coworkers are nice. the hardest part is continous  standing. The most enjoyable part of the job is when the D.j comes in and that makes the nights go by faster. ", " The work day was long 10 hours or more on your feet.  I decided that using my brains for a days work was the way to earn a check.  Management was okay, several different so did not get to know any on a personal basis.  Several coworkers in a large warehouse.  Staying on your feet all day. Nothing was enjoyable about the job. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " the job is okay. the building is very hot and the people are okay. while i was there i made the best of it and did what i had to do to make sure my job was done. ", " I had never used a computer before starting work with amazon. Im thankful for the on hand training and experience I got from amazon.i worked with a lot of very nice people. they had some good managers ", " I liked working by myself even though sometimes I would rather work in a group but I made my expectations at this job and I was glad about it. ", " I worked in Stow department and my manager Mr.Joseph Clark is really very motivating and fun person to work with.I had worked in other departments as well in the Amazon ,and all were nice and helpful to me too. ", " Wendy's was a great place to work. It was my first job so I learned a lot about how to carry myself in a work environment. It was a great oppurtunity ", " Makes you feel welcomed. Always on your feet moving at a fast pace. Meeting new people, learning new things. Always trying to improve your work station. Positive attitude. ", " Low conversion rate, even though they promise most seasonal employees will be converted to permanent they only convert maybe 1/6 of those they hire for seasonal. ", " walking into the big building you have people everywhere, u hear totes on the conveyor flying buy. You see people walking around with laptops and people laughing. Amazon is a great place with over a 1000 people. Every department has its pro and cons. ", " Perfect job in Peterborough,i like working there,but i was just like temporary worker for cristmas season and now there is not lot of jobs at there,thats the reason they kicking out all the people from agency's. ", " I enjoyed working in Amazon Port Talbot it gave me so much confidence and experience to work in the environment I would like to thank all the ambassitors for their help for me to work there. ", " amazon is a multinational company. i can proudly say, i worked in amazon for 15 months. that was a big experience in my life. ", " I learned a lot of new processes, I had excellent team around me, everyone was helpful and great team spirit, however we don't had any fun because of high targets/maps. ", " I was a picker which involved an intense amount of walking all around the warehouse to collect different items to be sent down to the packers. The hardest part of the job was the physically demanding aspect of the job. ", " Good company I liked that job but i had a had baby and my working hours was 2pm till 2am. So i need another seasonal work. ", " Positive, open floor environment. Interaction between Test, Devs, PMs is fluid and easy. Small company stile, in big company.   ", " Duties include, Process Guide on Stow, Problem Solver on Stow, Stowing, Receive scanning and updating item Database. As the job involves working at a high speed and accuracy, this job has given me good experience of working on the database and has improved my accuracy to a high degree. ", " they need to be more aware of peoples lives if the person works night shift. and not get so bent out of shape when a person has court for their child ", " warehouse based, supervising team of up to 300 employees, keeping track of targets and encouraging successful results, good relationship with staff at all levels, good social aspect ", " quite a keep to yourself type job. I would pick items from shelves and put them on a library cart, that would then get packed for shipment to customers. long days and physical labor. ", " Amazon was very productive, its the kind of job that will help you get into shape. they had great pay as well  "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Your scanner guides you through a path of picking product that customers have ordered. once your totes are filled you put them on the conveyer and cont. this process ", " The work hours are flexible. I was a software developer at Amazon. It's really fun to work here. There are no fixed working hours, people are very helpful. There is no management oversight at all. The hardest part of the job is strict deadlines. ", " nice place to work and exercise, fun and a lot of incentives to keep you working fast ", " too much favoritism and poor management  came home from this job too frustrated by the lack of organization and how you are overlooked because the management was too worried about giving their friends everything that would benefit them. ", " A typical day at work would be to come in, scan badge to clock in, listen to supervisor give safety and production tips while everyone stretched out to prepare for their assigned work area, check board to find said assigned work station, work at said station until end of day (with breaks and lunch spread out to divide day into quarters), then clock out. Learned multiple warehouse-relevant skills, such as scanning products into the warehouse database and storing said products into appropriate storage areas. The management and co-workers are all friendly and can often be counted on for advise if one isn't sure about something. The hardest part of the job is the pace at which is requested of the employee, but the most enjoyable part would be seeing exactly what products are coming into the warehouse. ", " This is a seasonal job. They will drop you like a fly.  They hired 70,000 workers across the US this year. Only 1/100 are going to get hired. ", " Worked 12 hour shifts answering incoming calls from Amazon customers that had questions or concerns about products and their accounts.  Very pro active learning environment on the floor.  The initial training was not comprehensive but after going to the floor there was support from all co-workers new and old.  Loved helping the customers and finding the information they requested.  Researching and comparing products for the customer was also part of the job. Customers that were cursing and badgering were the hardest to help but if you were able to turn the conversation around you could usually help them. ", " typical day was geting correct papper work and collect all orders and hit a tarrget learned how the warehouse industry works and how to find stalk fast useing barcode scanners ", " such fantastic to join a fast growing company , i learned lot in short period being hired in Amazon ", " nights is horrible but they cant do enough for you make you feel like a family really nice place to work ", " I am a stower, so I scan merchandise from totes into shelf bin locations. Problem is, you can never find room to fit the merchandise! And you have a high production rate to get it done in. If you don't make your rate, you get fired. Amazon doesn't take into account that we are humans not robots. They want you almost running to get the job done! Literally! Lunches and breaks suck because the warehouse is so big and you spend your breaks and lunches trying to get to the breakroom. By the time you get there, its time to go back to work! I actually wanted to walk out on some of my breaks and never look back. Plus, I was hired as a packer with a certain shift but when I arrived I \"became\" a stower with a different shift. Nevermind that I am a wife and mother! Also, management is really bad. Everybody is a manager or supervisor of some sort but you as an associate never know who YOU specifically report to. The only people who are happy at Amazon are management, problemsolvers, and coaches because they don't do any REAL work. They just walk around or stare at computers all day. Run as fast and far away as you can from this place unless you're like me and had no option due to a job layoff. Oh yeah, and if you value your feet don't come to Amazon because there is no sitting at all until break. And if you get caught sitting on the floor trying to take a rest, you get written up. ", " Picked orders, trained people, and seen how operations work. ", " A typical workday consists of a 10-hour shift. You are given two 15-minute breaks and one 30-minute lunch break. They are sticklers on time, and if not careful, points can accumulate, and result in automatic end of employment. The company is all about production and making or going above rate. They also value your safety, which is #1. It's a good company to work for; however, it's nothing to make a career out of. ", " It is a great job starting out- however it is not meant to be a career by any means. Decent pay if anything. A great first job, temp job or occasional advancement. ", " Things were always changing. If you didn't adapt fast, you fell behind. it was an exciting time to be a part of the company. ", " Fast paced not much room for error work well with other no no matter the job difference no problems with management  the hardest part would be keeping pace as a picker and certain days when different products were far distances apart but i enjoyed being able to keep moving instead if sitting in one area for hours on end ", " I enjoyed the work, people, the training and learning about the company was very good. Did not like that I was on a contract with them for peak season. Would have enjoyed being a permanent employee. ", " Scanning packages and stocking. Lots of walking all night for productivity. Very good place to work. I work with great people. ", " Very physically demanding, fast paced, Needed to scan so many boxes or totes /day or you got told about it. ", " Good company.  Awesome management  Enjoying everyday of work as a new day. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " It's a good job, the hours are long but I like gettin off 3 days a week. ", " Fun place to work but had to stand way to long. learned how to pack boxes efficiently and accurately. the best part about the job was leaving. ", " warehouse worker, it was a cold amd hot place. Lots of workers worked there ", " I would have like to work permanently there.  my assignment was too short ", " The high-pace environment is great for the length of shifts. The management is decent, but they do not put in the desired effort to assist you with problems and issues. The co-workers are decent, yet a lot of them do not put effort into their work which leaves you to do extra. The hardest part of the job is the physically aspects along with the long shifts. The most enjoyable part of the job is the fact that you always have consistent work, and you can move up the chain of job positions if you put in the effort. ", " very easy job. all postions are common sense. the attitude of the company can be harsh at times. long hours standing is the hardest part. ", " Was a great place to work for until the transition took place. ", " I liked being a receiver my co-workers were great I learned a lot in the warehouse industry the hardest thing is that we had to work 6 days a week and got off late but other than that it was a good place to work ", " great company to work for.very give us 3 breaks per day.  mgt is great. ", " I haven't been working here long, so I haven't been able to form a good opinion. But from what I can tell so far, the Holiday seasons they hire just about anyone for as much help as they can get ", " I would like to work somewhere where I have to communicate with people. ", " it was an intense job,you would be standing all day, lifting heavy boxes nonstop, very helpful co-workers ", " alot of moving you keep very buisy which makes the time go fast alot of oppertunities working for this company ", " Outstanding communication skills. Comfortable interacting with all organizational and cultural levels.  Expert in multitasking and participating. Skillfully manage small or large projects, start to finish.  Flexible and Adaptable. Assimilate quickly in transitions, switching roles as needed to maintain productivity. Embrace new concepts and methods.  Resourceful problem solver. Adept in anticipating and analyzing problems,then formulating solutions. Detailed Oriented and Conscientious. ", " My typical day at work is clocking in and working as hard as I can. I learned a lot working for Amazon; being able to learned different departments and getting a general idea on how to collect items that customers place online to sending the product to the customer. Management not very good; a lot of the managers lack on communication with co workers and also towards other managers. The hardest part of my job is walking on concrete for at least 16 miles every night for 10 hours. The most enjoyable part of my job is training new hires on how to do there assigned task. ", " LONG STANDING HOURS NOTHING SPECIAL TO LEARN BUT PICKING AND PACKING ITEMS. NOTHING TO ENJOY AS THERE IS A TARGET TO MEET EVERYDAY ", " Process Guide to team of stowers, assuring associates meet their stow quality and units per hour rate and guiding requirements.  Stow amazon products into appropriate locations, making sure quality and quantity rates are achieved. ", " Long hours and fast paced environment How to work in a fast paced environment management friendly co-workers tried to keep pace working at a extremely hurried state going to work, helping others and being productive ", " All around friendly environment. Great pay and benefits. Paid holidays and good family day activities. As a shipping specialist I learned how to meet critical pull times to make sure customer orders were completely fulfilled. ", " A typical day would consist of scanning and palletizing and make a scan rate of 300 in first quarter.  I learned that each product is important to the employees. The management is fair My co-workers are productive and get the jobs done.  The hardest part of the job is lifting heavy boxes. The enjoyable part is just going to work it takes my mind off the negative things "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon was a fun place to work. You could be almost as querky as you wanted and they would not mind. ", " People are tough to work with. Might end up doing something totally different than what was promised before interview. ", " Fast pace. Ongoing atmosphere. Various task daily. Fun loving associates. ", " Great Company to work for! very exciting and rewarding typical work day could be challenging but once the job is almost complete the day goes by really fast! ", " My day at work is doing the same thing over and over.  I have learned how to use a scanning gun in as little as a few minutes and it is fairly easy to operate.  The management team does have morning and after lunch meetings with all the employees but other then that, I never see them around to ask questions.  The hardest part of my job is finding space for bigger items when there is not much room to place new items into the bins, but I get it done as quickly and with as best quality as I can.  The thing I enjoy the most about my job is working on transit,  I enjoy doing the cases more then the totes because Cases have a lot of the same items which makes it easier to stock. ", " long time to be on your feet but good for fun and laughter.good training and good prospects for the right person. ", " There is a sense of family to the Amazon team, but if you're there for any length of time you realize that \"who you know\" is a huge factor at their call center in Kennewick, Washington. I was there for a few months longer than six years and watched qualified people get passed over for promotions several times while someone say, who went to a particular church, filled a particular  position.  The benefits are very fair at Amazon, and their 401K is great. The wage is also very competitive for this type of work. The building is modern and comfortable. Management plans several fun activities throughout the year to break up the monotony of call center work.  Amazon has monthly meetings and management does attempt to listen to the concerns of their associates. One thing they do which circumvents this is to remove the leadership and management teams from the production floor a great deal of the working day. I remember it being next to impossible to find leadership at times while having an angry customer on the phone.  Still - the job is fun, the environment comfortable, and if you can deal with the favoritism and management disappearing all the time, this is a great place to work. ", " management was good. You have the opportunity to grow in the company. ", " in amazon I worked fulltime at night shift is was really nice working in a friendly enviroment ", " Lots of walking, but easy to follow job. No room for advancement or growth potential. ", " most enjoyable part of the job is the paychecks. hardest part of the job is being on your feet for a constant 10 to 12 hours. ", " Solving problems, looking for missing items and helping out in different departments. ", " Typical day at work would be managing workflow for 80+ employees, and making sure that customer orders are fulfilled in a timely manner.  What I learned at Amazon.com was that nothing stays still, something always has to be modified even if it works perfectly. Also, I got to experience different backgrounds and cultures as well. Management in Amazon.com is a hit or miss. Sometimes you could get amazing managers and sometimes you would get the \"Pawn it off on someone else\" type of managers. The hardest part of the job would be learning new people by name since the turnover rate is EXTREMELY HIGH for amazon.com. The most enjoyable part of the job would be meeting new people and help furthering others in their career path. ", " Overall this is a very glorified warehouse job. You wear what you want, and break a sweat if you choose to. Its very fast paced, but the training in comparison to other warehouse jobs is top-notch. The benefits stock options for permanent associates compensate for the lower pay. Depending on where you are located, your experience could be awesome, with diverse people.   If you're open minded and enjoy working on a team, its a nice job that doesn't require a significant amount of education on the entry level.  The schedule is very convenient, accommodating for people by giving them at least one week day off (full-time). Kind of sucks you must work at least one weekend day, but once again, it balances. The hardest part is peak, when you work 6 days out of the week, but never more than 12 hours in a day. They will protect you (physically). ", " Amazon has definitely enlarged my perspective concerning the retail market in a whole. I have learned the importance of customer services on a greater level. A typical day at Amazon would consist of focusing on sells and percentile of customer satisfaction.The quantity; also quality of merchandise on the market has given me a joy of meeting customers needs and delivery deadlines. Working with a outstanding team daily, has allowed me to be appreciative of the field of Retail; whole sales..        In my previous years working for the company Walmart was a joy as well. Unknowingly I wouldn't have thought I would further retail to go aboard with Amazon. Walmart was where it started for me, being a cashier dealing daily with the customer face to face vs..Amazon  pre-orders .Walmart was the place shaping me for retail in a larger spectrum. Not only was a sales associate that was trained to identify customers needs ; but discovering knowledge of the product I sold was important as well. LEARNING various skill that enhanced not only my occupation but me as a individual. Seeing customers satisfied and happy due to my service and attitude has caused me to love what I do and aspire to continually to do. ", " I cannot say for all of Amazon, as there are many departments, but the department I work in is very negative and what is expected is absurd. Many do not last long, management is poor, lack of direction and defined goals, within one year I had 4 managers and team restructuring, change in position without my consent, and multiple coworkers suffer from injured wrists due to intangible metrics. ", " Favoritism. If you have a degree it does you no good here. They prefer uneducated and low skill workers with no experince. Area managers are lazy they just sit checking their fb status. Good starting pay. NO room for advancement ", " I enjoy talking to and meeting new people and with this job I had the opportunity to do just that. I have worked with great people in my industry and the challenges were always very exciting to me. ", " my co-workers are very helpful and so are most managers, the hardest part is the strain on my body. ", " Any job at amazon is simply simple except for the extreme physical requirements. Chairs are not allowed and there are 10 to 12 hours of long shifts with usual brakes. On second day of assignment I barely could walk to my car. My feet kept hurting for next two days with fever also. Hundreds of people work there, it was not for me though. Job function is totally mindless. No sense of achievement for employee everyday. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This was a great job. I enjoyed it. I was sad to leave. If you came into Amazon as a (blue badge) Full time employee, you had it good. I advanced quickly. Becoming a problem solver and becoming one of the top problem solvers on Day shift. The environment is nice, and the management treats you with respect. The hardest part of the job is its fast paced, but its also the most enjoyable. It makes the day go by. ", " People work very hard and still maintain a positive attitude and culture. ", " Good place to work. People are great, and management is always very encouraging. ", " This is a small agency that tried to bring in more people and grow but struggled to learn how to manage new employees. Everything was very micromanaged and not a very positive environment. This was probably the hardest part of the job and made it difficult to want to go into work most days. Amazon has great clients and they are nice to work with. Other co-workers are still good friends of mine to this day. It was a true learning experience in management styles and the treatment of others! They did have very nice benefits and competitive pay, nice kick-backs from clients and a well stocked fridge with wine! ", " working at amazon was a hard job yet easy as well, very easy to learn how to do the work . the management was okay , could've been better. there were some areas they need to work on. but overall it was a good experience . great benefits .plus you are cross trained and that's the best part because they allow you to learn a lot . ", " I am interested in doing cna work for a professional health team that would be willing to accept me. I recently graduated from Indiana Health Careers and I passed my exam . I am very excited and eager to work with the residents and the health care team .I had a determinating drive in me to go all the way through to achieving my cna and home health certification; my heart goes out to the residents in the past I did care for several of my family members until they passed away and that was a total of 5 members and that was my main motivation I felt I had to go all the way with a career .I am a motivated team player and my goal is to go all the way to an RN position! ", " For me a typical day involved, manifesting trucks o go out for deliveries, pick orders, and pack them. I learned how to organize my time so I was sure to get my job functions done in the time allotted. Co-workers were a fun bunch of people who worked hard. Hardest part of the job was during our peak months. I enjoyed learning how to handle different situations as I became a seasonal supervisor. ", " A typical day at work is making sure, all the controls are working properly ", " Long ten hour days, When you ask to be taught in something it is usually done, Managers are funny, they like to keep the spirits going at work, The last two hours are the hardest part of this job,  Most enjoyable part of the job is all the faces you get to see and all the people you meet. ", " Typical day at work .. Packing and handling box and materials putting kits together  I Learned how to organize more and how to do things based off the codes and item you pull off sheets to get the right product,   Management: Management was very well   The hard part about the job: was learning how to drive a forklift  The most part i enjoyed was being there everyday and making the company better with my service ", " they treat you like a slave its only good for the money not a career ", " IT WAS ALONG DRIVE FROM OKLAHOMA TO KANSAS AND THE HOURS WERE LONG. ", " if you are a student I wouldn't suggest working there because its hard but it is a overall good place to work if you need extra cash. ", " I love the Job and the Benefits... They are so fair with the amount of time they give you off... Vacation personal and unpaid... Better than any company I have worked for ", " I worked for Amazon.com for almost 5 yrs. I worked in many different capacities from cycle count to problem solve both inbound, outbound and receive. It was a fast paced job, sometimes stressful but rewarding at other times. Benefits were great, the ability to see how one of the major online retailer worked was a bonus. ", " fast-paced environment. get a lot done and you're very productive. ", " Honestly, management isn't all that good but if you go in there and do work and meet your quota, everything will work out good. the employees are great people to get to know, the hardest part of the job was actually meeting your quota and the easiest/enjoyable part of the job was lunch, even though its a short break ", " Horrible management and very poor employee relations. Company does not value their employees at all and make no effort to provide a pleasant work place. ", " My job was to pack peoples orders. We had do at least so many per hour. It was a very mind numbing experience. I would usually work a 10 hour shift if I was lucky. We often go sent home, because of not much work or them being picky. There was no representative from my agency. You sometimes felt, their was no support, if you had a problem. But the people I worked with really nice and helpful. It was a very fast paced, target run operation. I did try to do my best to keep up. It was a good feeling, working for such a large industrial company such as Amazon.com. The wage was a to low for me \u00a37 an hour. ", " WORKING AT AMAZON IS A FAST PACE ENVIORMENT AND ITS GETTING ME  PYSCIALY IN SHAPE AS FOR ALL THE MOVING, BENDING, LIFTHING, AND SORTING I ENJOY THE ENVIORMENT ITS VERY PROFFESIONAL "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day started at 6:30am. Learned very good safety tips everyday. Their are Wonderful Managers there to help you in anyway. My co-workers were amazing. Hardest part of my job was the heavy boxes if they were not stacked correctly. ", " My co workers are the reason why I stay at my job My managers work with me I don't like working 10 hour shifts ", " This was great, I wish I had more products to continue! I had no co-workers or management. A typical day included listening for email alerts, filling orders and shipping fullfilled orders. Then takng calls for product details, and returns. Any customer emails or calls with concerns ect. ", " Amazon was a good workplace for me they knew what they were doing ", " Walk around with your radio active gun scanning packages picking up 20-50lbs packages placing them in my cart and on to the next on thie list. ", " Receiving orders through handheld device, accurately sourcing and selecting products for customers, finding the most efficent routes to find items orderd by customers  management easly aprochable and very willing to help with advice on how to improve you productivity helpful co workers giving helpful tips on all aspects of the work hardest part of job locating some of the smaller products and reading edge on the diverserty of product picked ,seeing all the differant types and intrests of customers ", " Overall to me, Amazon was a great place to work at, but the only bad thing for me was the fact that I lived 1 hr and 15 minutes away. The hardest part of the job was the ride home for me but the work there was fairly easy. I worked with a group of amazing people that I had the pleasure to work with and get to know. Management was great for the most part also except for the fact our managers in our department changed 4 times during my tenure. Never got the chance to really get used to any one in particular. I learned the importance of  teamwork. ", " Working for Amazon.com i learned that one has to push to be better everyday while also staying consistent with day to day activities. My coworkers were very friendly and were always there to help any time their assistance was needed. The job was fairly easy  and did not require a ton of thought which might have been the most enjoyable and hardest part of the job depending on the day. ", " this company pays well and is a gym memebership that you get paid for~ the hardest part of every day is endurance but it builds! ", " I work part time at amazon. this work is become part of my life experience. I enjoy the fact that I could really experience the warehouse environment. I observed their assembly line and learned a lot about their process. The management is fine, they try to listen to associates and fix some problem but the main concern remains production although their priority is Safety and Quality first. The job is really hard and exhausting and the pay is not really. ", " Good place to work, great pay, great managers &amp; co-workers. it was a good experience for me in the new field of warehousing, i loved it. ", " A typical day involved working with people over the phone at a steady pace, inside of a comfortable, well-lit building surrounded by my team, with free coffee and popcorn waiting at breaks and lunches. I learned how to work with others, including refilling the coffee and popcorn machines. The management is nice and eager to help. The hardest part was the sheer variety of options available for customer assistance and having to remember them all. The best parts of the job were the aforementioned free concessions and use of their untethered computers for free use. ", " while the work is good  I learn some computer skills and relations between co-worker ", " They will get everything they can out of you, while not caring about you. ", " It's everything people say it is.  Terrible.  There is a reason why the average tenure is 1.1 years. ", " learn on your own, no guidelines or assistance. fast paced work environment without direction. after a few days of work i learned on my own and assisted other employees who did not know what they were doing. ", " good co-workers, how not to manage a company, mass confusion ", " The Company is ok. It's just that they do not pay well enough for the amount of work and effort put in. It is very stressful to work in this company ", " Amazon is a very nice and friendly environment to work in. Working at amazon gives me the opportunity to meet people from different backgrounds. ", " The company ws very supportive and helpful. management treated their associates great. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I don't really use Amazon.com, though I know a few who do. Though I worked within the Rugeley warehouse for a while, I don't personally use the website. ", " is at 10 hours 4 days shift.  two departments. the managers are excellent but, most of the PA are unprofessional.  Nice place to work ", " I loved working for Amazon, if i could get on permanent it would be amazing. I just dont like the traffic at seasonal time but the money made up for that. ", " Never met who was supposed to be my manager, got let go via a phone call on my way home from work, changed hours without telling employees. ", " Amazon was ok to work for. Itegritiy solutions not so much. Integrity Solutions has a lot of broken promises which made Amazon look poorly. ", " Well, lucky me, I had the night shift. Get to work at 5:45 pm and leave at 6:00 am. That took a couple weeks to get used to. They are very cautious there about stealing which is understandable. You swipe your ID card, walk through a metal detector and then grab your scanner. I was a picker, so my scanner was my best friend. Then the night crew all stand in a circle and stretch until the clock strikes 6:00! With the scanner turned on, it tells you were to go in this 500,000 square foot building with tons and tons of different items from toys to condoms to legos to ipods, etc. You grab yourself a cart and place 2 yellow bins, one on top and one underneath. The warehouse is organized by numbers (rows) and letters (columns) and colors, that tell you the intersection of the numbers and letters. All of this is displayed on the scanner. So your job during your 12 hour shift is to go around and retrieve these items and place them in the cart. When the cart is full, its placed on a conveyer belt and dissappears and off with the next box and the next and so on. Sometimes though the scanner says to go to row 2, its scanned and put away and then the scanner says row 134. So now you have to sprint to that area. Now I say sprint because the scanner has a timer on it and it you are not down there with time left then the scanner sends a signal to some dude sitting down somewhere else. You get 2 weeks to get the hang of it but after that they start to write you up. first write up is a warning and the next is your fired! And on top of that, they also expect you to scan a certain number of units ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> per hour. Just so were on the same page. When I first started, I was doing 23 uph (units per hour), Amazon wants you doing 95 - 110 uph.  And let me tell you, expect to sprint 7-10 miles a shift doing the picker job. Thats no joke! Lunch is 30 mins long, you get 2 15 min breaks and thats it. The time starts and stops when the scanner is off and on. So you forgot your lunch in the car. Well it takes 7 mins to get to the entrance, 2 to the car, 2 back to the entrance and finally you get to eat your lunch with 12 mins to spare. ( dont forget about the 7 mins back to the scanner now! haha. They give 2 write-ups and then your fired! So, you work 5 out of the 7 days in a week. They give you a certain number of points for sick days, days you dont want to come in because your feet feel like their going to fall off. Trust me, it will happen. But that passes and before you know it, your doing 105 units per hour!  MONEY12.50 per hour guaranteed 40 hrs per week  20 hrs of overtime 18.75  guaranteed 60 hrs per week 875 per week. They do pay you every Friday via card of some sort which is nice. ", " Very fast pace, great learning experience. Move up fast if you work hard and desire. Overall satisfying experience with Amazon. ", " great place to work and learn a lot about shipping. long hours but makes up with great co workers and friendly management ", " Positive coworkers, helpful supervisors, hands-off administration, comfortable work environment ", " They have taught a lot safty, we walk about 15+ miles aday, I enjoy everybody i work with. great place to work if you are in shape. ", " Amazon is a respectable company. I am honored to spend my summer with so many talented and motivated people. ", " Had a good time walking around the warehouse meeting new people ", " the best part of the job was communicating with people from different backgrounds and learning about their culture ", " At amazon its fun working at. Walk and stand for 10 hours. What I did at work was Order picker and checking items if they were don' damaged. ", " Was very hot in the building and had to walk every were to get to check many diffent problems all in all very good place to work. ", " You have long and exciting days the management team is cool co-workers are cool the hardest part are the hours when its close to go home ", " FUN PLACE TO WORK AT. VERY BUSY PLACE TO WORK AT AND MANAGEMENT WAS GREAT...VERY MOTIVATING!!! BUT IT WAS JUST SEASONAL WORK FOR ME BUT I WOULD GO BACK THERE ANYTIME. ", " Amazon.com was a great job with great pay. Since it is a warehouse that hires seasonal employees often, the job security aspect isn't that great. ", " The work is steady and can have its slow days and its busy days, you start on a temporary contract and can be given a permnant contract ", " sort thru items and scan them in their bins walk miles throughout the day to fullfill customers needs for merchandise to be packaged and shipped out "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Assisted manager with projects. Helped crew line with products and checked for damages and defects. ", " Good Job just have to be mentally and physically strong. Drink enough water to feel hydrated and just do your best. ", " Benefits were good. Long work hours standing 10hrs for the shift. The  job was fun not very harsh. Management was pretty decent. ", " same as before bad managment nothing to do with ambassadors , bad policies , very strict not saying i wouldnt work there again because a job is a job ", " A typical day would be processing online orders. The management was sometime helpful. The coworkers worked grat as a team. ", " this is my favorite job i enjoy everyday working at amazon shaping items  that costumer order the picker job is a solo job that you walk and fiend the items and shaping it ", " not able to have any free time can not focus on one thing before your have to do another. impossible to get things finished ", " Its a great seasonal job around the holiday's , but that's it. ", " I worked with my family and had a good day every day they were hard on us but it made us work harder and be better employees. ", " Amazon provided thorough training and is a great place to work. The entire company is customer driven. ", " I enjoyed my job and the people I worked with. The hours were perfect for family. I liked working 4 10hr days. I liked the diverse positions. ", " I enjoyed the peak season i applied for at amazon the experience there was a good one i have no complaints at all. ", " Training in abundance &amp; job security good in local area, but down side is that shift change is regular &amp; often without much notice. ", " a typical day consist of solving problem within the warehouse.Enjoyed my co-workers and management. ", " I did like this job a lot but again it was only available for seasonal hours. I was a picker for the company of Amazon. Worked everyday 10 hour days. ", " A 10 hour work day walking constantly picking customers orders. The management was nice and welcome you with open arms and the co workers were friendly. ", " Amazon is a great company for someone who enjoys a fast pace enviornment with consistent changes. ", " you must learn to manage your self. You can get burnt out fairly easily. ", " co-workers are friendly the hardest part of the job was to walk for 8 to 9 hrs a day with productivity and that time they dont hire full timers ", " Amazon challenges your skills and helps you grow at the intense,fast pace. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Very fast paced and busy. Lots of exercise and great people to work with. I was able to learn the complete warehouse which  gave me a better understanding of the business. The hardest part of the job is moving from function to function while trying to maintain rate expectations. The greatest part of the job is it's like shopping 10 hrs a day without paying the bill.  Most of the management team is great but they are all fairly new and do not realize what it really takes to do this job. ", " At Zappos the managment team cared about there workers, listen to what we had to say. As for Amazon it is completely different you don't feel as if you can talk to your management team, and they don't seem to care as much. Zappos was about getting the job done but enjoying what you did. While at Zappos I loved waking up and going to work but once switch to Amazon I found myself making myself get up and go. ", " Very organized job, They really tend to the needs of the employees. They put you first, and take care of you so that you can take care of the customers. ", " A typical day at work would be taking inbound calls from UK clientele that are experiencing problems or queries about their Kindle device. I would have to assist customers and keep them happy. Management was proactive and assisted each CSA as far as possible with clear guidelines. Co-workers were easy-going as they culture was  very relaxed one yet productive as well. The most enjoyable part of the job was learning about the corporate culture and being praised for good performance.  The hardest part was probably the long working hours. ", " A typical day means you better have plenty of coffee, started at 6:00P.M to 4:30A.M. very boring and time drags on but it was worth it, didn't see to many co-workers ", " I learned a lot about as this was my first job as a customer service agent. My co-workers are the best part of being at work as they make your time at work bearable as you spend majority of the time at your second home and family. The internet was always accessible and games centre made it fun on a daily basis. The hardest part of the job was being on seasonal contract and not getting the opportunity to stay longer as they only converted a handful of candidates at the end of the seasonal peak. ", " It not a bad career but if you are a family man as I am its not a job for any family man or women its 10-12 hour shifts and alot of manatory overtime which means you won't be able to spend alot of time with family also parking is a joke specially during holiday seasons The only thing I consist is great about the company is the pay. ", " I enjoy working in this environment.  It is not a warehouse, it is a fulfillment center ", " Friendly co-workers, physically demanding and fast pace environment. ", " Start the day with a short meeting and stretching.  Login to your scanner and get to work.  Work entails following locations provided by the scanner to find the next item to pick.  That location might be right next to you or 200 feet away.  It is your responsibility to make rate no matter how far apart your picks may be.  There is no consideration given to obstacles.  You must make rate. Management is constantly shifting.  Most managers have little grasp of the actual job and believe their theoretical knowledge is absolute.  Hard work is not rewarded and sets the bar for your level of expectation.  The harder you work, the harder you are expected to work.   Coworkers are mostly friendly and helpful.  There is a bond of \"we are all in this together\". This job is physically challenging and mind numbingly repetitious.  Breaks are short.  Management seems to have an active interest in high turnaround to bring in fresh, new people to work faster and harder. ", " A good employer with bonuses (VCP) and company stock distributions (RSU). Currently going through some growing pains as the the warehouses in Shepherdsville, KY transition from Zappos management to Amazon. ", " Working here the hours were very long and hard. I honestly did not enjoy this job at all. ", " Things i became accustomed to were, being aware of health and safety, a diverse knowledge of machinery and equipment, ablility to work as part of a team or alone, excellent communication skills, Content to work in variable conditions, working within a safe environment. The hardest aspect of the job was the weather conditions in winter outside. The most enjoyable part of the job was interracting with customer and co-workers. ", " it was a fun job and I loved working out there, but the only down side to it all was the temp agency trying to pick favorites but other than that it was an amazing job to work at. ", " Warehouse was very large and had hundreds of employees. A typical day I would stow 2000-3000 items and work 12 hours. The hardest of the job was the 12 hours.The most enjoyable part of the job was the paycheck and the people. ", " A typical day there dependent on which section you are on is hard work especially picking no so much about the physical labour but if you cant stand being on your feet and constantly walking around for hours this is not a job for you. Packing however, if you like routine and repetitive work then this is for you. However, be sure to wear some form of gloves or apply cream every night as can cause your hands to go extremely dry. Whilst there i also did gift wrap, this was by far my favorite job there although fast paced is an intricate and enjoyable job at work but when it comes to wrapping your own presents at Christmas you just do not want to. Management are strict but fair and are extremely understanding if you have problems and are eager to help you learn. ", " When I'm at work I grab U boats of totes and scan each items into bins. With it being a new location management hasn't really done much to show interest in their employees. Hardest part of the job is standing and walking around so much and once its break time you barely have time to rest. Most enjoyable would be making new friends, break time and getting off work. ", " A typical day at work for me would be taking boxes off carts and place them on conveyor belts and as the boxes come off the trucks I would cut them open and take out any trash. The location is new and management is poor. My fellow coworkers are very nice and friendly but only get to talk to them during our short breaks. The hardest part of the job is the labor. Most enjoyable is breaks and getting off. ", " a fun place to work very friendly staff good health and safety rules ", " Responsible for scanning and packing generated internet orders for a well known, nationwide shipping company. I pack multiple and single orders for the first 4 hours of the shift. Second half sort and load trucks safely and securely. Ive learned proper lifting procedures and loading techniques to get the job done fast and correctly. The associates are always more than willing to help and train you to be successful within the company. The hardest part of the job was adjusting the enviroment if you never work in a warehouse before but it will come natural eventually. The most enjoyable part of the for me is working on the dock it feels like a challenge or competition against yourself to not get overwhelmed come whats coming your way while working under a little pressure. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I would  go in to work and sort through items through the course of the day an pick items to place in my cart to ship off. ", " Day starts swipe your badge to get through the gate and eat breakfast/snack asap if you get to work early. After breakfast you immediately join the meeting/huddle for your work shift which is basically a itinerary for the day in which includes your workload, and areas of the building you will be in for the day depending on if your stowing or picking your locations vary. It's usually a 10-12 hour work shift with 2 15min breaks and a 30min lunch. You swipe your badge to clock in and out for every break, lunch, upon arrival, and upon departure. ", " typical day;  pull from stock orders from scanner, to sent to packing. enjoyed the job, especially the exercise daily. Co-workers were great.  12 hour days was too long. ", " A typical day at Amazon is receiving thousands of shipment. I learned how to receive the shipment and enter it into the computer. The coworkers there were friendly. The hardest part of the job is keeping your rate at 100% all night and everyday. ", " i found working at amazon interesting, what amazed me the most was how big the company was and the employee benefites. all the staff are trained well as i found i learnt alot from my mentor on the picking/packing line. the hardest part of the job was getting used to the sixe of the warehouse, the most enjoyable part of the job was wrapping( very christmassy ) ! ", " Typical day I walk 15 plus miles. I read a scanner and go to a location where it tells me. I take an item out of a bin and place it in a tote. The items i pick go on a cover belt, were they are then packed and shipped. I have learned mainly how to operate a scanner and to problem solve on my own. Most of the management is friendly. Very few co-workers are friendly, and usually stick to themselves. the hardest part of my job is the walking. 15 plus miles a day is a minimum and the days seem longer than they are. I don't enjoy this job but, i would say losing weight is the best part. ", " All in all my job at amazon fulfillment center is not one I have anything negative to say about.  I enjoy the work that I do on a nightly basis. Mostly all the work I do is through different applications on a portable laptop. I make it so that all of the associates can continue in their functions by eliminating problems as they appear.   The most enjoyable part of my job is the feeling of being needed. I know that without me being present everyday there's certain things the associates would not be able to accomplish. ", " FAST PACED HAVE TO BE VERY BE DETAILED THE OFFER OT HOLIDAY PAY PTO FUN PLACE TO WORK AT  THE OFFERED ADVANCEMENTS GROWTH WITHIN THE  COMPANY ", " A typical day at work would be working like a slave. i would walk miles a day and i would be so exhausted ", " the typical day involved amking sure the shop including livestock was pressented in an appropriate manor carrying out any maintenance that was required and assissting in the ordering of dry goods and livestock for internet selling and sellin through the shop, and making sure that customers were always served and advised in an appropriate manor to ensure people came back in the future, i learned alot about fish and even more about aquatic plants form my employer who was a fishkeeping enthusiast who had a wealth of fish related knowledge. The people i worked with were alaways willing to help and have a laugh whilst still having an ability to be serious when neccessary. the hardest part of the job was keeping paper work up together so that prices and where abouts products had come from could easily be found if required. the most enjoyable part of the job was getting to work with a variety of fish and being able to go and hand pick fish form local wholesalers. ", " A typical day at work is to enter the building, clock in, and head over to the stand up meeting. At the stand up meeting we perform stretches to get ready for the day, we discuss group stats for the previous night and what our goals are for the day. We also name one safety and one quality tips to constantly keep up to date on process. Then the area manager will call out the names of employees who did exceptionally well the previous night, after that we huddle up in a circle around whoever has volunteered to lead us that night, then we count down and shout a phrase before heading off to work. To get started we grab an RF gun and a cart, we place two totes on the cart (one on top and one on bottom), then we log into the scanners and scan the tote. At that point the scanners will tell us the location of what bin we need to pull from, and after that it's a simple matter of locating the bin and the particular item within the bin and adding it to the tote. When the tote is full we place it on a conveyor and refresh our totes and head back out to repeat the process. There's not very much variation in my current job and does not offer many chances to stand out or use my critical thinking skills to the extent that i would like. But the people are very nice, the manager is very open with us and welcomes us to come to him with anything. The team dynamic is very good as well, with stand ups before work and after lunch, as well as a group rate, we really must work together to reach our goals every night. ", " Selling high-end luxury make pre-owned vehicles and obtaining financing for customers with negative credit history. ", " Great job if you like rude management and unorganized atmosphere ", " picking dept  management sometimes unfair. hardest part of job is peak season.  most enjoyable part of job is break time ", " A typical day was putting product on shelves to get picked by pickers to get shipped to customers. my co-workers were very friendly and helpful. The hardest part I experienced was lifting heavy totes while being pregnant. I enjoyed the job in general overall. ", " All the co-workers are workable,your surrounding is always pleasant. ", " Benifets were awsome. great health care. Managment wasnt nice. The friends you make is what makes the job worth while. ", " A typical day depends on your department although most jobs are quite repetitive.  After all, it\u2019s a fullfillment warehouse so redundancy should be expected to some degree.  Pay is in their words \u201caverage for the industry\u201d which during peak months feels way under payed.  The raises come consistent so it\u2019s all about longevity.  Turn over is somewhat high in my opinion (around 67%) so if you are a hard worker and willing to to put the time in promotion is possible. ", " Full time workers work ten hour shifts for four days so thats not to bad and the pay is pretty good. The only problem is that after three months if you dont get the opportunity to convert you get laid off. ", " I was not allowed to speak to my fellow co-workers. We had to work 10-12 hours every day while standing and lifting heavy boxes along with scanning those boxes. I did not enjoy this job because we weren't allowed to speak to others the whole 10-12 hours besides lunch and break times. I did not enjoy this warehouse job. I enjoy interacting with others while working. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Hard working People inside but there are no Incentives to boost up the employees working pace. I learned a lot as far as being on indirect functions and Problem solving. Although it took a long time for me to get that chance and proof to my manager that  I was worthy of being a consistent team player. Once you're on the Managers gracious side the keep you as a favorite and it makes you look like a brown nosing person. There is a lot of favoritisms going on in that building and there is no way u can move up in position. co-workers are always complaining that there managers don't let them do other duties it's always the same routine going into that building and eventually it gets tedious. I would have to say that the most fun part about that job was going to lunch and spending quality time with you're co-workers. ", " It's fast paced and a lot of hard work. I learn something new everyday. Management and my co-workers are all great to get along with. Everyone is very outgoing. The hardest part of the job is lifting heavy boxes and the most enjoyable part of the job is driving the machinery. ", " A typical night at the Amazon warehouse started with being given a scanner and sent to a specific area of the building. Seemed simple enough, until the work really kicked in.  An employee had to grab 160 items in an hour to be sent to shipping, but this became difficult when said employee is sent on a wild goose chase around a multi-thousand square foot warehouse to grab one item and then have to trek to the other side of the building to, again, grab one item.  The breaks were not long enough, nor were they reasonable. Most of the break time was spent just getting to the break room and back. Also, being hassled by managers about numbers being low, even though this employee has stated he or she can't handle the workload.  The only thing good about this job was the pay and schedule. Other than that, not a place I would recommend. ", " doing morning exercise knowing what is expected and working the line. How much dunnage needs to be in a box. Management really never cared unless you are hurt or if the machine was not working properly. Co-workers were awesome during breaks other than that stayed to one self. Dealing with a manger yelling at you due to no lights or you moving to a different department to be cross trained.  Learning something new in the building and other departments. ", " To much work and you have no life at all and going threw a temp service stinks ", " Amazon is good place to work. I had interesting projects. People were nice. ", " Great place to work with opportunities to advance in management ", " Overall, the Amazon Fulfillment Center that I work at has been a really enjoyable work experience so far. I have only been there a few weeks, but the knowledge I have gained and the way things run is unlike anything I've seen before.  The only thing about the job that has been difficult is trying to find space to place items in the bins. Without space, our production rates suffer, and we can't do anything about that. ", " I was a single mother at the time, with a six month old baby. Her child care facility called me at work and informed me that my six month old was running a fever of 104 degrees Fahrenheit. I immediately took her to the Dr., to find out she had RSV. On my return to work I was called in to HR and was told they would not stand for me taking off and threatened my employment with them. Mind you I went straight to the Dr. and had a Dr.'s note. Just do not think that they should have threatened my job. That is all. Thank you for reading this. ", " The worst place i have worked in my life. Management are nowhere near flexible. The place is run on a point system which is bollocks. i have seen a more organized corner shop.  Never in my life will i purchase off amazon or work for them again.   No social life.   Wouldn't advise anyone to work here. ", " I cannot talk to much about my job here but I will say that they are a motivated company with much potential and many things still to accomplish. ", " It is a wonderful place to work,every day at work was an enjoyable day at work and the co workers are great as well as management too ", " A day working at Amazon is one of the most trying things that I have ever done. The fast paced environmental targets are not so unrealistic to reach like everyone in the workplace thinks. Because of there Friends and Family policy's on employment recruiting, they end up with Team Leaders and Ambassadors picked or elected for all the wrong reason's. It doesn't matter how hard people work or better  themselves. It's a strange Regime where if you try to complain to management about laziness and having to work so hard in order to keep a job you lose it. The best part of the job was listening to most of the workforce that I had the pleasure to work with on there gripes. It's a part of working in Amazon ED 14 if you are not a part of the \"Poorly Managed Place\" by the way of the lazy. Then you are out the door if you are not prepared to carry the lazy, and keep quiet about it.   \"WHAT A STRANGE PLACE TO WORK\". Must have been doing something write to have lasted 6 month's. ", " All and All..Amazon is a pretty good place to work..pay is steady along with the hours and benefits being very good. ", " Working at Amazon fulfilment centre was a great experience and truly changing. My job role consist of me picking the correct items from the correct shelves and putting them onto a trolley, which would then be delivered to the packing department. Due to the warehouse being so big, attention to detail was essential alongside time keeping and I had to make sure that I was picking the right item out of the correct shelf and make sure that I have picked all the correct items within the time specified otherwise it would, not only slow down production but it would also cause more problems in other departments. ", " Packing and Shipping Products from warehouse to customers ", " I loved this company but it has an issue of corporate arrogance. ", " A typical day is very fast paced and hectic, a controlled chaos. Amazon gives you the opportunity to learn and grow within operations and improve processes on a daily basis. Management is pretty open and will let you make mistakes and learn from them, but the pressure is very high to hit numbers and perform well. It can be a competitive environment because everyone wants to move up and advance, that becomes difficult at times. The hardest part of the job are the hours. The best part is improving processes and getting better. ", " As with any jobs, there were positives and negatives.  Overall, it was an okay job. ", " On a typical day I deal with calls doing technical support for our customers with regards to downloading music,movies and games from our website.  I learnt different ways to troubleshoot software issues and expanded my technical knowledge.  Management works well and allows us to make decisions for ourself with regards to assisting our customers.   My co-workers and me work as as team and gel well like a family to help each other with the work load.  The hardest part of my job would be when you not able to assist a client due to not having enough information from the client to assist them.  The best part of my is the people I work with and the work environment, "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " They have a great job benefits, there are a lot of opporunities to advance in, and great work enivronment. ", " You have to pick,pack an ship customer orders to go out for the day. ", " shipping, Receiving and packing amazon product into boxes. ", " Working for Amazon is great and everyone is very respectful and polite. Entry level position compensation is difficult to make things work when you have to provide for family. Promotions are often since company is growing fast, however there is a lot of competition. Learning the value of connecting with the customers has been a great experience as opposed to just following policy. ", " I loved it there it was always busy and you always had something to do good team work . ", " Amazon expected more than one person could do because of workers \"cherry picking\" through the product to be put up. When I say \"cherry picking\" I mean that people would go through and get smaller items so that there numbers would go up instead of making the boxes even. I thought management was good just could have been better. I was part of the quality team which I enjoyed a lot. It was my favorite part of working at Amazon. ", " Great warehouse experience. Learned how to operate a fork lift. ", " Recognizing and identifying problems and providing solutions to benefit the company and our customers. Resolving contacts in TST queues generally snowball issues accurately and professionally. In TST I created call tags for damaged or wrong merchandise delivered, close registries, and create replacements and issues with gift cards. Contributed to a positive environment by effectively communicating and cooperating with Area Mangers and co-leads. Being a resource for new hires and other team members. Contacting customers by making outbound calls or creating follow ups in escalated situations to find a resolution while providing the customers satisfaction. Communicating with various departments to implement for resolutions to resolve the problems of the customers. ", " Amazon is a numbers factory.  I couldn't reccoment it under any circumstances. ", " The harder you worked for Amazon the more they required from you.. ", " Everyday we have to pick a certain amount of units Management is very friendly and helping CO-Workers are really easy to get along with ", " a terrible place to work for temporary staff as you are on a 48 hour contract which can be terminated at any point including mid shift ", " Tougher job with actual targets. hectic work conditions. from there i learnt about time management with actual target levels. ", " A typical day of work would consist of shipping anywhere between 1000-1400 orders in 8 hours. ", " The job was easy but they have extremely strict policies. 15 minutes for break and 30 minutes for lunch. This would have been plenty of time to relax but if you don't have a locker to keep your items in(which there were never any available) you had to wait in line to go through security. All in all, we had 5 minutes for break and 20 for lunch. The lunchroom was always packed and often I had to sit outside in the heat/cold to eat lunch.   You could not be more than 3 minutes late or they would deduct an hour from your personal time. Even the recruiters said that if you knew you were going to be more than 3 minutes late you should just stay at home for the full hour because you wouldn't get paid for it. ", " I have worked at Amazon.com for almost a year as a subcontractor for a company called Avisys Inc. With Avisys I handled the every day audio visual needs of Amazon including setting up conference rooms in specific table/chair settings, connecting conference calls/phone calls for customers, managing calendars through Microsoft outlook, and just general customer service. I thoroughly enjoy helping the Amazon employee's run their meetings as smoothly as possibly with a positive attitude on my mind at all times. ", " This job was ideal, but I never got a chance to work more then 3-4 months at a time at this job because it was seasonal. ", " clock in go to my area grab a tote and sign in to my area and check got everything there and then scan my tote then check the items makke sure not damaged the scan find out what box it goes into then put into the box with dunnige i learnt how to check for damages all co workers was nice and friendly hardest part of job is the targets the mos enjoyable was meeting new pople ", " Typical work Was Usually ahead of workers before which involved me taking longer breaks at my work station ", " Great place to work a little far for what I would like to drive, did not realize this upon taking the job. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon FC is a very nice company and thoughout my employment in Amazon I have work as a full time worker. ", " Amazon can be a challenging place to work. It has a 100 mph culture and the expectations on employees is very high. However, there are great opportunities to work with some of the brightest and most talented people in the industry and on innovative projects. Few people last more than a couple/few years here, but most move on to bigger and better things because of the experience Amazon provided. ", " I don't have much bad to say about amazon. They seem to genuinely care about their employees. They have great benefits and emphasize on safety. Most of the employees are all really nice. The only part I can say is a downfall for them is they don't get onto the employees who don't strive to do their best at their job. Most of the promotions are based on seniority so even though someone has terrible rates and always slacks at their job if they've been here longer they have a better chance at being bumped up. I've been with SDF8 since they opened in oct. so I have quite a bit of seniority but I also worked hard to move up as I have so I feel it unfair that others who worked half as much get the same perks. ", " company is not so concerned about employees they worry more about products than employee safety. ", " Received product in from freight, able to maintain tack times per product. ", " I got hired to work for amazon through a temp service call integrity staffing. The pay is good and I learned a lot of new skills such as how to operate a cherry picker. Management was ok, i feel it's very hard to move to a permanent position with amazon through this particular temp staffing. The co workers are very friendly and fun to be around. The hardest part of the job to me was making daily rate but it is possible. The most enjoyable part was working in a friendly environment. ", " The co-workers on Amazon were great people, even do the managment of the company was a mess. They play with your schedule, you have to asked for your vacation with 3 months in advance, not holidays free at all, no transportation, etc. In Amazon I learned to be patience with the people in general. The hardest part of the job was the situation that is a call center, in that kind of enviroment you get stuck in your position for years, the most enjoyable part of the job is the wonderful people that I meet. ", " Overall, Amazon.com is a challenging, intense place to work. No two days are the same and there are always new challenges and opportunities. A typical day begins with compiling the days projected volume and computing the number of man hours I will need to accomplish our goals. Through the course of the day I check in freight, assist the problem solvers, continuously track my departments performance and volume, deliver associate feedback,  while seeing to any associate needs and their safety.   The hiring bar for Tier 1 associates has dropped over the past few years. Turn over of associates has increased, making training difficult.   Amazon.com encourages constant improvement. With this is constant change. I feel Amazon takes it to far many times. When processes get changes implemented, there is little to no communication of these changes, which slows the entire process and increases defects. They need an more strategic planning to how they roll out their improvements and ensure the training happens, including for the Asst. AMs and AMs.  The Area Managers(AM) know their jobs very well. However, Senior Leadership continues to have them in meetings and side projects, which pulls them away from being on the floor and engaging the associates. When this happens, people in my position are without anyone with authority to meet certain needs of the Tier 1 associates. Unfortunately, I am then left having to tell them to continuously to wait for the AM to get back on the floor. This is what I like the least about Amazon, being put into a situation where I am forced to put off associate's ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> needs until a later time repeatedly.  The most enjoyable part of job is the constant change from day to day. Each day has its different challenges. Over my 5 yrs with the company I have learned a great deal about Inbound logistics, scheduling, associate interaction, and mediation. ", " I liked the work was difficult at first to get used to walking 10 miles a day but did help keep me in shape, only real complaint is the pay and the incentive pay. That a lot people really do not try because it is so low why walk so fast it's hard to walk at the end of the day if you only get a paper saying good job, do not get me wrong it's good to know how your doing it would be nice to make enough money to pay basic bills ", " EACH PERSON THAT WORKS FOR AMAZON IS KEPT ON A TIMER - TO MANY CHEIFS ", " This job is just physically demanding. You're on your feet for 12-14 hours a day, and they want you to give your all each and every night. You have to have a mindset to work and no play here. ", " Amazon Wouldn't be a bad place to work for if it weren't for the management. I was there for 6 months and went through 4 managers. Well when i left there i was on my 4th manager.   And management just slowly went down hill from manager to manager. Honestly if it weren't for the co workers i had, and the awesome benefits i wouldn't have stayed there 6 months. ", " This job was most demanding. A typical day consisted of 10-hour long shifts, consistent walking and standing, filling customer orders, sorting packages for shipping, and daily training classes. ", " people are awesome to work with. The training really is not up to standards. the management plays to favorites and pass on people who are more qualified then they are themselves. What you learn on the job is all the training you get if you ask for more training from the management they themselves don't know how to do most of the jobs that they are supervising themselves. The hours are not that bad, and the benefits are great. ", " Excellent place to work. Provides growth for any individual to become a more developed leader. ", " Fun workplace that allows for innovative ideas. I learned how to write SQL and use other programs. ", " as a company amazon is great for customers but for its employees the only thing worth being a permanent employee is the benefits ", " I'm a very organized person, I like a routine. At Krystal I wasn't able to do a routine, it was very unorganized! ", " Good opportunity for advancement if you work hard and do not mind overtime.  Also many opportunities to transfer to other departments as long as you stay in good standing with attendance, quality, and productivity. Can be a very rewarding job at times. Worst part of the job is inconsistency given by managers and lack of communication. ", " Amazon is a great place to work. They are a customer centric kind of business which is why they make millions. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Fast paced, everybody worked job to get their jobs done.  Most of the people were very nice. Big turn over rate. Not a lot of room for advancement though. ", " Awesome place to work! Never felt uncomfortable with management or other co-workers, I felt my work was appreciated and I felt valued as an employee. ", " the job not based on your skills but how well you perform walking everyday ", " My co workers are the reason why I stay at my job My managers work with me I don't like working 10 hour shifts ", " its ok. pay sucks managment is a joke. Dont give a s*** about their employees. Benefits are the only thing keepin me put. ", " But it takes some getting used to. It's physically demanding but it does get easier. ", " Excellent working atmosphere. I learned a lot about how to listen to customers and help them, to treat them as a friend. ", " Since I first joined Amazon, the company has been a pleasure to work for. Management is very focused on aiming for the highest standards in customer service obsession. Currently I am part of the Executive Customer Relations team and we handle high visibility escalated publisher issues. The job involves working with Senior management and technical teams to look at improving business processes to create a more seamless publisher experience. Currently the hardest part of my job is the working hours. Due to the fact that you have to work with various teams around the world, I often have to stay at work very late to resolve issues and this often does leave an imbalance in work and personal life. I work with great people that push you to think outside the box. They also allow you the scope to make changes and decisions to handle various situations. The best part of my job is the fact that I am a front line ambassador for the brand and each day I'm given the opportunity to improve customer relations. ", " picking dept  management sometimes unfair. hardest part of job is peak season.  most enjoyable part of job is break time ", " Excellent Management, difficult to fit in, great pay, management has high expectation of MBA grads ", " Always a new fresh start , love the working conditions , health and safety is prime importance , well managed , full training and help provided. ", " Amazon.com is a fun place to work. Core values of the company are based on customer obsession and innovation of the customer experience.  ", " a typical day at work was always busy and fast paste. i learned better behavior and how to take instructions well. ", " got let go when the company got taken over by another. no reliably managers, or co-workers. non flexable hours, long hours alone unable to take requred breakes ", " Hard labor and good pay. Breaks are very short and mangers treat employees bad. ", " The hardest part of this job is that you may have to walk up to 15-20 miles a day.  The best part is that your always working. ", " productive and fun at the same time management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job ", " Horrible safety ethic, managers play favorites, life/work balance is miserable. (seriously, work, home, sleep, work, 6 days a week.) ", " learned everything on the job, very repetitive , didn't see much of an opportunity to grow within the company ", " bascially its a consistant job you walk about 25 miles a day you work out and work at the same time i would say my overall experience was good "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Was cross trained in various departments including Retail, Amazon Web Services, and Simple Email Services. Also fine tuned correspondence with customers remaining confidential when needed. Developed the inner workings of SES for a better customer experience and for our team, and uploaded notes and team ideas into Sharepoint (database platform) for the entire department to review. ", " My day begins working the in bound Trans Shipment Stow team. Unloading one or two trailers from the Chattanooga F.C.. Then onto off loading up to 6 trailers of inbound cargo from Ky and Pa F.C.'s .During my day I train new Lift drivers in a class room setting. Stressing Safety above all other functions in the warehouse. They are graded on test for new lift drivers before going into the F.C. to operate a lift in  the training area.The drivers are shown how to operate the controls , maintain a safe working area and how to ensure the safety of their coworkers. If they pass the test they are than assigned to a working area and begin a month long training assignment to off load incoming trailers of the P.I.T.Trainer. This process is followed for each piece of P.I.T. equipment used in the F.C.. On slow days I off load trailers for In bound and S the Stow departments.Stow product using R.F. scanners. Pull product from reserve racks to put out for the pickers for shipment to customers. Work with management teams on Kaizen projects to improve the flow of work. Our current In Bound Manager supports the idea of the people doing the jobs to make the best choice to complete the task assign to them. I work with a good group of people that perform well as a team.That is the best part of this job. The hardest part of working in the F.C. is during Peak season. We have thousand of temp workers that we have to look out for to keep them safe.Our ranks swell from a few hundred to well over 4 to 5000 people per shift.Operating lifts safely around so many people becomes  my number one priority. ", " Amazon is great place to work, friendly people,very good pay,plenty to learn and be promoted, treat all workers on a same level doesnt matter colour of your skin or country which you came from ", " A good place to work, with great benefits.  I learned how to sell a product, and lead a team.  I also learned good phone customer service skills.  I worked on getting independent sellers to advertise their products in Amazons, Pay Per Click advertising sections.  My co-workers where some if the best people I have met, and I have made life time friends from this.  The hardest part of the job was not getting raises that where due.  The best part of the job was the people that I worked with. ", " I did everything from dock to dock including stocking, picking, packing and transporting using all kinds of personal industrial trucks (PIT). The number of employees was nice so many different people made many friends over the years. The hardest part was 4th quarter getting geared up for Christmas insane pace, stress and long hours. ", " My typical day at work is to receive all the boxes and scan in all the products coming into the building. I've learned good communication skills and to always make customers your number one priority. Amazon is a very large warehouse and there are many different type of co-workers there. I have learned to be a good team player and get along with each one of them. Amazon has a great management. They are always trying to do whats best for not only customers, but the employers too.  The hardest part of the job is to be standing in one spot for 10-12 hours a night. The enjoyable part is working with many different types of people and there's always something new going on. ", " you learn alot in very little time but helps you get your skills up without you even knowing that your progressing ", " Amazon is a massive company. It seems to be competitive in pay for the surrounding area. I haven't been with them long enough to give a full report. But it looks promising. ", " A good opportunity once you zero in on the right products to promote. ", " the is good but management is not good they will treat as a dog like you have to die for it like they don't care what happens to you but you have to keep the company running ", " Crowded workplace which causes employees to fail to complete timed work and goals. ", " Besides the walking and lifting it was a preety decent job , it help me pay alot of peolpe back. ", " enjoyed helping people over the phone. also enjoyed my co workers, they were friendly and hardworking. Great company to work for. ", " Too much walking, too many temps not enough full time.  boring after the peak season ", " Pack products that need to be delivered to amazon customers. I learnt time keeping was key to hit the goals required. Enjoyed working with people there as it's a friendly environment. ", " The large volume of merchandise that is processed at an Amazon Fulfillment Center is amazing. In order to get a quick delivery to the customer, everyone in the facility works at a rapid pace to keep the production line moving rapidly from picking the merchandise, putting the orders into boxes, labeling, and putting on trucks for delivery. ", " Amazon is a fast pace business that works towards high customer satisfaction; therefore their employees have to flexible and adaptable; which can be difficult to combine with other responsibilities or commitments; such as childcare and studies. The business offers good development opportunities. ", " Amazon's logo is \"Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History\" - and they certainly try to make this happen. ", " I was a lead in ICQA shift 2 for 3 yrs. I seldom see my manager(s), so I do all the decision on nights. My co-workers respected me as their lead, because I worked with them. I do cycle counting and do problem solving too. Whenever I had new associates I always give them respect, and never under estimate them, because you don't know what's their capabilities. I always enjoy my job, especially when I accomplished or hit my goal that day. The hardest part of my job was when I don't see my manager and no e-mails, so I do all the decision makings that day or that week, but I always make it right , and always survived :) .... ", " During my time at Amazon.com I worked in a fast paced, high attention to detail atmosphere.  I worked cross functionally over many teams in order to achieve a high level of success.  Also, learned new software systems and became highly proficient in the MS office suite.  Supported one of the most confidential, high pressure, prestigious  organizations at Amazon.  Worked with a great supportive team. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Everyone has her own individual talents, and I think successful coworkers learn to use each others strengths toward the collective good of the team. ", " The working conditions alone were terrible. Management had no clue what they were doing, and that includes upper management. ", " my co worker were friendly and management was easy to talk to. yes the packing was hard at time but once you get going was enjoyable. ", " The Company is ok. It's just that they do not pay well enough for the amount of work and effort put in. It is very stressful to work in this company ", " Awesome job. Long enough breaks. Great people. Hard working security and staff. ", " Management and operations personal need addition training as technologies changes, ", " management in my are was awesome. co workers were excellent , the hardest part of the job was the shift i had. meeting new people was the best. ", " The job is really fast pace so you always are kept busy. You receive your breaks on time and the managers and PAs help you when you need it. ", " This is a very fast paced job that required a lot of time.It is a great faced pace work environment with plenty of opportunities to grow ", " 10 hour shifts 4 days a week. That was good and the Managers are willing to work with you ", " Amazon is a numbers factory.  I couldn't reccoment it under any circumstances. ", " Amazon is a very nice and friendly environment to work in. Working at amazon gives me the opportunity to meet people from different backgrounds. ", " Not bad. Just wanted better pay. I really enjoyed the people and the culture. Overall, a good place to work ", " hard work on an typical,you can learn each day and i'am here at amazon untile i can get back to driving truck ", " As a picker at Amazon I had a quota that needed to be met every night. Within this position I had to walk up to twenty miles a night, lifting over fifteen pounds. ", " This position requires walking up to atleast 10-15 miles a night. it requires picking of merchandise for customers. ", " just scan boxes. and on a time limit . alot of others on the floor , walking fast pace to get to the boxes to scan before tie runs out ", " a lot of communication help and team work able to pick pack and stow needed to go punch in meet with manager and then start working ", " Great company to work for ,caring with good pay and benefits ", " Loved working for Amazon. Everyone is so friendly and fun.  Always went into work happy and left happy. Great company to work for. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I enjoyed working there its just unfortunate I had to leave because I was not able to work gravyards ", " *Involves me participating in Stand-Up, where everyone is briefed about the day's goals. Then 2 hours of picking, 15min break, 2 hours and 45 minutes of picking, 30 minute lunch, stand-up, 2 hours and 15 minutes of picking, 15min break, and finally 2 and a half hours of picking. *Learned how to walk effectively to minimize muscle ache and fatigue. How to mentally occupy myself during a really long period of simple yet tedious work.  *Management worked really fast to report errors, time-off task, not making rate, etc. A lot of really nice and understanding managers. Safety is top priority. *Co-workers were usually tired and depressed due to the type of work. However some were motivating in their hard-work and friendly in their attitude. *Worst part is the policing, there is almost no room for error. Getting fired is way too easy and the strictness really causes stress. *The simplicity of the job is the best part. Always know what to do, where to be, and help is always nearby in the form of a fellow worker. ", " A typical day at work would be helping pack and scanning barcodes and helping people if they took to many items or having a problem in general. ", " I am currently working in the Warrington Delivery Station for amazon logistics. My main duties are ensuring that all drivers are on the correct route and that they load the correct parcels onto their vans, this is for around 170 routes a day, assigning all the correct equipment to the driver, ensuring that all parcels are on the correct van while the drivers are on the road and if there is any parcels that are not on the correct van transfer them over. I am also responsible for ensuring that all driver problems while they are out on the road are dealt with in a quick and timely manner and ensure that all the stations KPI\u2019s are in the green, for example our 5S audit, Health and Safety audit, First Time Delivery success, DPMO, Concessions and ensure that all paperwork is up to date and in the correct location. I also have to brief and debrief the drivers when they leave and return back to the Station making sure that all the equipment is brought back and that all the parcels that have been delivered are correct and the returns are all at the right status and scanned back to station, I also have to ensure that all parcels in the station at night are scanned into the correct documents and at the correct status. I also currently stepping up into the shift manager\u2019s job role when the manager\u2019s is on training or on holiday. I have been doing this for around 10 months and feel that this progression has given me valuable experience and I feel that I can now run the shift with minimal help from the current shift manager. In this time I was responsible for ensuring that all the daily reports ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> were being filled in on time and to a high standard. I am also responsible for ensuring that all staff members are in on time and that the station runs smoothly and that there is no impact on the operation and no impact on the customer experience. I am also responsible for finding ways of simplify the processes to get the maximum data to the DSP team so that they can act on this in the most efficient and effective way possible. I feel that this step up role has also made my relationship with my peers and colleagues stronger as they now see me as a shift manager and they trust that I am capable of doing the job.  I have also completed my counter balance FLT licence while at the Irlam station. ", " i picked item off the shelves used high frequency scanner to take them out of stock to be shipped.. ", " This is a very repetitve job same thing day in and day out. With Amazon being a billion dollar company there is no incentitives. ", " I think its a great place only if your able to work their set schedule ", " Amazon.com was a great place to work.  Even though it required many sleepless nights it was great to have such ambitious goals as a company. ", " Loved working here even though it was a very different environment than I was used to. Definitely was taken out of my comfort zone. ", " learned alot in different departments.came seasonal...still there 6 weeks later..i hope i get fulltime... ", " i was a smx coach i trained a lot of people i handle termination and anything that needed to been also paper work. ", " The workplace is very busy and a great place to work. With great benefits and great compensation pay monthly ", " Amazon has a great atmosphere and it has very laid backday to day culture. Management is usaually very friendly and approachable. ", " Tiring work. walking about 15 miles a day. management seemed to want the work done at any cost. Co workers were very helpful and friendly. ", " A very result orienteted company that thinks little for its staff ", " Besides the walking and lifting it was a preety decent job , it help me pay alot of peolpe back. ", " it was an intense job,you would be standing all day, lifting heavy boxes nonstop, very helpful co-workers ", " Fun atmosphere, but management was rude and abrasive.They weren't knowledgeable about products nor certain company protocols. ", " Amazon is fairly new and management isn't so great because they are all young and have no experience ", " It is a a job not for the weak. You must be dedicated to working hard. It is a good company to work for i just ha an injury and they would not let me return. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The training is by far better than any company. They ensure you are equipped to provide the best customer service experience in the country. In addition, job coaches and managers make themselves available. They do not just say it- they DO it. They make for a fun environment and pay great. Yes, you work hard- but the environment makes you want to go above and beyond because they seriously take care of you. I only left so I could attend colleeg full time. If not, I would still be there. I was promoted rapidly, and loved this place.  Hands down....they are the best. ", " I like the job, it was a job that once you got started that you didnt stop until it was break time, or time to go home. ", " Amazon is great to their employees and fun to work for, they have great benefits and job security, they make sure that we have fun and plan a lot of events to keep us happy ", " \uf0fc\tReceived, stored and distributed goods \uf0fc\tLoaded and unloaded shipments \uf0fc\tPerformed goods receipts and goods issues \uf0fc\tCoordinated material transfers \uf0fc\tPrepared receiving reports and other paperwork \uf0fc\tPacked and unpacked orders as and when instructed \uf0fc\tVerified quantities and items being shipped ", " had a lovely few months at amazon made new friends and had a laugh shame it was only for a few months ", " ONLY 30% OF THE ORIGINAL DIRECT HIRES FROM THE OPENING ARE STILL WORKING THERE AND THIS NUMBER COULD BE LOWER. DOES THIS TELL YOU ANYTHING. BACKSTABBING IS AN ISSUE DO TO THE FACT THAT MANY OF THE INDIVIDUALS THERE HAVE LOW E/Q. IF YOU WANT TO HAVE ANY OF THE HOLIDAYS OFF OTHER THAN XMAS AND THANKSGIVING YOU HAVE TO USE PERSONAL AND/OR VACATION TIME. VACATION IS EARNED NOT GIVEN IN CHUNCKS. VALIUM IS REQUIRED DURING THE PEAK SEASON TO DEAL WITH THE PARKING LOT AND THE CHAOS  THAT COMES WITH THE HOLIDAYS. IT IS SO BAD THERE INDIVIDUALS DON'T EVEN WISH EACH OTHER A MERRY XMAS SUCH AS SHAKING HANDS INCLUDING THE MANAGEMENT. ", " a day at amazon is fun but there is also hard work to do there to ", " Is I would go to the pack house get our guns and trolleys and start scanning the shelves for items to place into a box and be put onto a belt to go to the packers. How to use the guns. Not great as I was there constantly asking them to change my address since I started and still they did not change. Don't really know as they were mostly Polish Was lifting heavy goods onto the bigger trolleys. Was the job itself walking all day and being your own boss pretty much. ", " A very balanced, easy friendly, and reliable work  enviroment had a good time working there everyone made me feel welcomed and appreciated. if I had the choice i'd try it again. =) ", " load-un-load amazon trucks seperate an prepare for shipping fill all orders in timely fashion ", " I worked full-time at Amazon for 1 month at the Christmas period. I worked nightshift. 10pm til 7am.  I picked all the products that the customers have ordered then I proceeded to take them to the shipping area where the products are then taken to the customers.  I also packed the products and cleaned the warehouse occasionally.  the most enjoyable part of the job was working with my friends and meeting new people. ", " I am currently a Process Assistant. I enjoy my job but looking for something more. I have been with the company for almost 8 years total time and I am looking to utilize my knowledge and experience at a higher level. ", " working for the company was ok. Tems work 10 hour shifts 4 days or nights a week. When it get closer to Xmas we work 12 hour shifts 5 days a week. ", " The job was great but to far on gas and money. The managers were nice and understanding. Security was tight but great because thieves. ", " Excellent Job, Good pay for nights starting at 13.50. Fast pace, Good staff and security. But its only seasonal. ", " Very fast paced working environment where customer expectation goals are top priority. Great opportunity ", " Working at Amazon is a great method to learn all aspects of management.  Amazon will help you with time management at work, this is something you learn early on as an area manager at Amazon.  A typical day for an area manager is to drive a safe environment where associates feel like owners of the organization. Area managers are also in charge of the quality and productivity metrics that are met in the fulfillment center.  The management at Amazon does follow one of the core values \"insist on the highest standards\" which is clear when viewing actual vs. expected metrics.   The hardest part of the job at amazon is receiving support from support functions within the distribution center. My favorite part of the job is working on process improvement projects with finance and the process improvement teams. ", " Report to work at 6 am Learned how to use different types of machinery The management regulated the work area and did well doing it Co-workers very friendly  Hardest part of job was waking up and hourly earlier than most because of travel time The fast pace makes the day go by faster than at other places ", " Going to work was enjoyable. The employees I worked with made work fun! It is a fast working pace. You have to do a lot of walking and bending. Time goes by very fast. You get 15 minute breaks every two hours. Stretching and safety is very important to Amazon. You meet up at the beginning of your shift and at the end of your lunch breaks. ", " The day at amazon begin making some exercise for around five minutes. you got tree brakes during the day. The hardest part of the job is that you have to work very, very fast or you will lost your job.       The most enjoyable part part of the job is knowing that you are packing items for clients. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The hardest part of the Job is working with people that did not want to work, they were just lazy. ", " Everyday is a different day. If you are not up to par on the work/ rates, they will give you more learning or ways to speed up your work instead of just letting you go. ", " amazon isn't a bad place to work. but they could be a little more understanding and patient. they can find things to make our jobs a little easier. ", " Pushing a trolley roughly 8-10 miles a day. As a company Amazon is much akin to other multinational companies, both faceless and hollow. ", " Only downfall was the layoffs. Great place otherwise. Pay could have been better. ", " I cannot talk to much about my job here but I will say that they are a motivated company with much potential and many things still to accomplish. ", " I enjoyed everyday at amazon the only downfall i saw at this corporation is the amount of cynical attitudes in the workplace there is alot of negativity there between coworkers. ", " Very busy and high pace working environment. Every body is busy doing own thing and that way not so all the way open to new people. Busy and day goes fast. Tons of work for every day. Good team mates. ", " A typical day at work would include 10 hours of walking around a warehouse and picking up orders. The warehouse was very hot in the summer and full of noise from forklifts and cherry pickers. The check they gave me never bounced though. ", " every day is a challenge, and everyday something new is happening, due to the constant changes in the workplace. every day is a new day and a new process is implemented to improve every process. ", " THe company is very frugal when it comes to expenditures, frugal in the wrong areas ", " Ensure right products are packed to meet customer satisfaction. Meeting targets meant a sense of achievement. Meeting a variety of people. ", " love the zeal and productivity at my workplace. Sometimes very intense work day with 18 hours of work. But like every job it has its own ups and downs. ", " The only good quality of working here is the paid the most in the community I live in.. ", " Picking Worker 10/2010-12/2012   Picked items from rack   Scanned items   Placed items in bins on a conveyer belt ", " this is a good place to work but dont get to comfortable Amazon for the most part only hire sesonal employees during the holidays and let people go afterwards. ", " Clock-in, walk over the to the work area manager(s) always has the stand up for example he/she would talk about how many unites we sold and how are rate is, then we would stretch out our muscles after that we start to work. ", " This job was very demanding, but very manageable at the same time. I enjoyed the constant pace. It kept me busy all day. Overall i enjoyed this job. ", " amazon is a multinational company. i can proudly say, i worked in amazon for 15 months. that was a big experience in my life. ", " - Picking inventory from stock locations to fill production or customer orders. Intermittent periods of continuous physical exertion such as walking, standing, stooping, climbing, and lifting up to 50lbs of materials or equipment "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The job was not what I thought it would be and they don't really help the workers they no longer work with people that has special needs no more waivers so if your not I n perfect conditions don't try n work there. ", " not able to have any free time can not focus on one thing before your have to do another. impossible to get things finished ", " Been here for 3 and a half years learned every aspect of the fulfillment here and have learned greatly how it works, hardest part is the workload and it also is the best keeps you busy and active ", " bascially its a consistant job you walk about 25 miles a day you work out and work at the same time i would say my overall experience was good ", " I really enjoyed working here. Everyone was helpful towards each other. I learned a lot from working here. I was usually working alone everyday. ", " i learned alot of different type of job skills, learned how to drive different equipment, learned how to read diffent lables..this job overall was a good learning exoerience...worked me alot of overtime but it was well worth it ", " It was a good company to work with and the staffs were friendly and they did everything in their hands to help everyone to advance. ", " I like their warehouse. it was very clean and quiet. luncharea is very clean .overall environment is amazing. seniors are cooperative and very helpful. ", " Seasonal employment, hard work and fast pace environment. Communication was fragmented and inconsistent coming through the staffing agency, regarding Amazon expectations. ", " I didnt mind it at all i loved it &amp; i wouldnt mind working their again. I learned to packed a product right. How to stack boxes the right way before they got shipped out. The job was not hard at all. ", " Amazon.com is a great company to work for in the call center aspect. But don't get your hopes up, to stay there as a secured employee. ", " I learned a lot of new processes, I had excellent team around me, everyone was helpful and great team spirit, however we don't had any fun because of high targets/maps. ", " I've heard a lot of mixed things about working at Amazon. My experience is that my team was AWESOME! I loved the work I did there and I loved the understanding project managers that made themselves available. ", " many workers but its a fun place to work. You do work full time and make pretty good money. ", " Becoming apart of the Amazon Fulfillment Center team, has allowed for me to expand my leadership skills and apply them within a process that directly reflects the effectiveness of my supervision. ", " With work i did at amazon i feel as if they should not have left to leave a dying town behind that my input. it was fun with the night shift and the hours are long on peak season. ", " Working in the photography studio at Amazon has been an excellent experience. If you want to advance, it is up to you. I've learn a lot of problem solving. ", " Many will tell you how difficult the jobs are or complain about the high level of security. They will gripe about the ridged structure and mandatory over time. I would submit that anyone who takes this angle just isn't cut out for hard work of this nature. That's not to say that they can't work hard, just not in this particular environment. The real problem is that the company does not care about its employees at all and will even take advantage of, abuse and discard them.  The good parts are that you have a generally set schedule, you have guaranteed breaks and when you're off work you are off work. The pay is decent and you have three day weekends. There are a variety of shifts to choose from with pay incentives for the less desirable ones. Most of the people you will work with are friendly, or at least civil. The work has an incredibly low learning curve.  The bad? You are not a person. You are a number. The company does not care about you. It works only within the boundaries of what it can get away with and the only rules (for example safety) are there to protect Amazon, not its employees. If you hurt yourself they only care if they think that you might have a workman's comp claim. Even then, they'll try to get out of it and treat you like it was your fault. The work is hard on your body, but if your knee gives out from hustling for 20 miles a day (yep, you read that right) they have a \"tough it out\" response. If the peak season is over and they have more than enough employees, they will FIND a way to get rid of the extraneous ones, even if they are quality workers and ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> team players. Their demands for performance are completely unrealistic so as to ensure this.  In short, if you don't mind being a worker bee (herded like cattle, no less) or giving 100% in a highly structured work place, its great. Just understand that when they don't need you anymore you will get to work one day to find that you have been laid off. ", " We always start the say at stand-up. The area manager gives us a few tips about being safe stand work and quality work. After that every one goes to their assigned work place and we begin to work. ", " You got coaches who are suppose to help when you need it or cover so you can use the restroom but don't. They think their the best of the best and blame others for their mistakes. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " This place is great!  No dress code means you can be as comfortable as you want, as long as it is done tastefully.  Amazon has modern equipment that works well and the facilities are immaculate.    If you are not aware, Amazon is an online retailer where various companies post their goods for sale.  Amazon handles the payment and shipping, and as such, most of the calls you get are people that have bought something and have not gotten it or have a problem with it.  There are more technical departments devoted to Kindle e-Readers and tablets, if you are diagnostically inclined.  This employer does not require that every moment of your existence is spent focusing on work, as evidenced by the Game Room.  I would show up for work a little early and stay a little late, just to get in a round of billiards or ping-pong.  Your employment will begin with a temporary position, with the goal of attaining a permanent position(also known as Blue Badge).  Do not miss a single minute of work while a temporary employee.  You never know if a freak motor vehicle accident will require you to use the three days they allow.   They pride themselves in customer service, though.  If you forget your lunch one day and get a bit cranky with somebody wondering where their headphones are...  you'll be dismissed. ", " Learned about inventory, how inventory control and accuracy is important, quality of products and there importance. Its not a bad place to work. ", " over all it was  good i learn to pack and inspected items and work with others the hours was good and was a OK work interment to work in ", " I do not feel if you are a quiet person, that you would be happy in the Amazon.com workplace. ", " Decent job but horrible management. lots of hours, mandatory overtime. ", " I Learned How To Load And Unload A Truck . Fulfill A Shipment , Pack A Box Properly . I Learned That With Team Work You Can Reach All Goals. ", " A typical day at work is a review of the day's goals and how we can accomplish them. Management was friendly. ", " great place to work until you hit seniority. No one makes it past 8 years. ", " working alone side of co-workers is fun and very productive place to be ", " picking orders ( books,cds,dvds) for the customers and distributing them according their code or number and loading them in truck ", " those 3 months in amazon october /november/december when we trained new people as a ambasader ", " Transporters would take skids from the docks to the racks to stock so the pickers could complete there jobs without interruption.  ", " I already wrote a review on this. The very first review I wrote is about Amazon. Great place to be if you don't go through ISS. ", " People work very hard and still maintain a positive attitude and culture. ", " Great place to work for a few years, but depending on the group you're in, you could burn out quickly. ", " this job is good but it does not agrre with my blood pressure. your moving all the time and they time your performance ", " Its a great place to work. Co-workers are polite and fun. Management very smart and helpful ", " the work in Amazon is fairly straight forward with little complications, the shifts are long and monotonous. ", " Great Job as well as great pay. Job was pretty easy and the staff was great to work with. One of the best temporary job I've had. ", " Working at an Amazon Fulfillment center means putting in long hard hours. Most schedules are 4 days a week, 10 hours a day; with 2 15 minute breaks and a half hr lunch. However, your 15 minute breaks are technically only roughly 10 minutes long; seeing as where ever you are in the building can take you up to 3 minutes to walk to the nearest break room.   Manager can be very hard on an individual when it comes to keeping your work rates up. One to many verbal warnings can lead to a written one and counseling. Managers also have a habit of picking favorites to give them the better jobs and keeping them there without allowing other individuals to get different job experiences.  The company gives you plenty of time to use as you want throughout the year, but the downside to the time is that if you go over your allotted amount, termination is quick to follow.   The benefits and insurance the company gives its employees are worth all the hardships one goes through. They take excellent care of their employees and their families with different health care plans, stock options and 401k plan. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I learned a lot working in Amazon and truly enjoyed my experience there. It is a well run company with so many great opportunities for people. ", " There your talked to any kind of way they don't appreciate their employees. you work like a slave and the brakes are to short. there is no enjoyable part of this job but the pay. ", " What I like is that you get little supervision and you feel good about getting the job done. I like that they have coffee for their employees. ", " It is 10 hour for 4 days a week it has fast movement good payment. ", " Fun work environment. love helping others, got along great with fellow co-workers. ", " They work you to hard and have to many point systems. I feel as though they need more structure instead of throwing rules all over the place not knowing or caring how they will effect people. ", " I just had a great time working with new people everyday. It was a fast pace to work, time always went by pretty quick. Hours were the best Sun-Tues 12 hr shifts and Weds was 4 shifts. ", " It was an okay place to work at, but after awhile I wanted something new, to be in a new job. ", " When showing up at work its something different everyday like getting to a certain goal to finish up the job requirement. ", " loved it..fast paced ..smooth work enviroment..people are great..everybody happy..loved working with the models...my supervisor was very kool.. ", " A good opportunity once you zero in on the right products to promote. ", " Its a good and steady job, short hours some shifts but theres always work to be done. ", " Great for short term. Hard laboring and not good for those who aren't in shape. ", " sorting and parking customer orders on conveyors and using computer ", " I haven't been working here long, so I haven't been able to form a good opinion. But from what I can tell so far, the Holiday seasons they hire just about anyone for as much help as they can get ", " A typical day at works start with a group stretch and flex along with a motivational pep talk. Once that is over everyone grabs a cart, totes, and a RF gun and everything is like a race. ", " nice job , just stuck in a warehouse all day or all night. Manager and everyone very nice, but alot of things have to be speedy no slow moving at all. ", " I enjoy working here but I want to find room to grow in a workplace. ", " You go through security and clock in, making sure not to take any personal items, like a cell phone or a recording device, along with you or you will have security issues coming back out. Then, there is a \"stand up\" meeting, where your supervisor takes questions, and relays daily information, and important changes. After a quick optional stretch, you start your day in whatever department your in. Depending on how many departments you are trained in you could be sent anywhere throughout the day. You clock out for lunch and at the end of the day.  I learned here how to pace myself in a 10 hour work day, where I could end up walking over 40 miles on just an average day. I found out that, while very often important messages won't be sent between managers and supervisors (and often lost at HR), some of the managers who work there are the hardest working people I've met in a long time. I learned how to Pack, Pick, Stow, Ship, take inventory with ICQA, Divert, how managerial tasks are planned, and most importantly I learned the difference between working hard and working consistently  The hardest part of the job would be staying on top of a given message, that needs to go through a couple departments, or a couple \"chain links\" of command, before reaching it's destination. The most enjoyable part is the people. The salt of the earth work at Amazon. They are the elves that pack and ship your Christmas toys, they are lighthearted in the face of enormous work loads, and they are fun to be around. ", " You always get what you want from them, they are awesome. Working with them as an app developer was an awesome experience. I still do make some apps from time to time for them. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " co-workers are friendly the hardest part of the job was to walk for 8 to 9 hrs a day with productivity and that time they dont hire full timers ", " great place to work only down side is it was temp. and I didn't want to be a temp employee for too long ", " it was ok  but i wouldn't work for them again borring stowing is beter than packing ", " Work week was Sunday- Wednesday 7a.m. to 5 p.m. with 2 -15 min. breaks paid , 1/2 hour lunch unpaid, we either packed or we loaded trucks, seperating packages on the mexinine for either ups, fed ex. We took pride in our work, quality control, and production. The group that I was with, we were part of the original ones in the door, we beat records, and received good write ups, we were asked to be Ambassadors which are trainers, that train the integrity staffing people to help us get the production for the peak season (christmas) out the door and into the customers hands in time. We made friends, and enjoyed working together, sad when we started to go our seperate ways to other jobs, and as for me back to my home state. The most enjoyable part of this job is my friends and I rocked numbers and we competed with each other to see what our numbers for each day would be. I miss my friends, and some of the managers that we had. I had a wonderful experience with Amazon.com, it started to go down hill when they started hiring managers right out of college that had no idea what they were getting into, this was sad, and it cost them some really good managers that were more experienced and workers that knew what they were doing. ", " a typical day at work was not an enjoyable prospect, being searched on the way in, and on the way out, the time given from point of clocking in and getting to and from workstations and at break times was not sufficient to provide proper breaks, management would not listen to any suggestions to improve productivity, any need to either take care of any toilet based needs or drinks was frowned upon, co workers all felt the same, and no sense of loyalty was apparent either from the line workers or agency staff. Very poor ", " Working at Amazon was a good experience and I worked around good people. By the place being fairly new we was mislead with a lot of different things. ", " Amazon is a good place to work at with good pay and benefits. Everything at this job is easy to learn and do. You can really rearn alot of things there at amazon. Everyone there gets along and you can make alot of new friends. ", " counted and inspected inventory in bins. Learned how Amazon works. ", " I enjoyed my time at amazon as it was a friendly place to work i met new people and got on with my bosses to the hardest part of my job as i was a picker was having to walk around the picking tower  as i was going home with blisters all over the bottom of my feet but at least i knew i was doing my job  ", " Wonderful opportunity to work with Amazon and clients. Enjoy driving assignments with assigned areas to make client relations and service levels much better. ", " Only hired on as a temp employee. 10 hours a day 4 days a week. Very little wiggle room on schedules. ", " Long work hours and few breaks and time for lunch. Management wasnt on the same wavelink. Things were un-coordinated  ", " I worked Wednesday through Saturday, 6:00 A.M. - 4:30 P.M. I stood in the same spot all day for ten hours. Doing the same thing over an over again. I really didn't enjoy this job. I had different managers, so I didn't really know them. My co-workers we're older and didn't really talk. ", " Good work experience. Temporary job. Plenty of hours during holiday season ", " \u00a7\tExtremely productive in high volume, high stress, environments\u00a7\tSelf starter with a can do attitude\u00a7\tEnthusiastic and a fast learner\u00a7\tAble to execute tasks under pressure \u00a7\tWell versed in computer and internet operations\u00a7\tAlways willing to assist others ", " It was a long working 10-12 a day on your feet at all times. My co workers were great to work with.  ", " This was not a good experience at all.  Management was not good at all, everyone in the upper management was messing around with each other and especially the employees ", " Amazon is growing rapidly, and we are strong leaders in Operations write the next chapter in our amazing growth story! Leader's who are experience managing large teams in a constantly changing environment, and enjoy solving complex problems and strive to continuously improve your operations and yourself ", " Typical warehouse job.  Only have done one job there and it gets kind of boring after awhile. ", " Good company I liked that job but i had a had baby and my working hours was 2pm till 2am. So i need another seasonal work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " we have a saying at amazon, the only thing that is consistent at amazon is change. this job is not for the faint of heart. you will be challenged mentally and physically. there are a ton of things you will learn most of them will be changed by the time you get use to them, but it is one of the best learning experiences of my life. stay humble and willing to be molded and you will be a good amazonian ", " A typical work day consists of clocking and then going to \"stand up\" which is where we stretched. Then we would go to our stations and scan packages/products for 10 hours a day. We would get a 15 minute break at 9:30am and at 3:00pm. Our 30 minute lunch would be at 11:45am.  I learned that teamwork is very important in a production line type of environment.  The management there was okay except for the fact that I would ask them to help me with my scanner rates when they were down. I would ask them to watch me and tell me what I was doing wrong and how to improve. The feedback I received did not help me and brought my rates down even further.  My co-workers were nice and helpful. I met all types of people with all types of different back grounds.   The hardest part of my job was in the beginning. I was nervous about not having good enough rates as the people who were already working there.  The most enjoyable part of my job was talking with my co-workers while we worked. Hearing different stories from different people and what brought them to work at Amazon really made me look at myself and my priorities in a different light. ", " 7 am-6 pm fast paced time went fast management was ok being yemporary u never new who was ur manager that day ", " Very fast paced and hectic at times. Good leadership but unrealistic production goals sometimes ", " Busy work day but I see that as a good thing because the harder you work the faster the day went by. I learned a lot about logistics and warehouse work from this job. one of my friends was in management and he also taugh me things about the managerial side of the company.  the hardest part of the job was the awkward hours  the most enjoyable part was meeting new people and generally getting on with the day. ", " I really appreciate all the jobs and managers I used to work with. ", " factory assembly work enjoyed.  but management made it hard on you to keep your job. ", " I have had many friends work here. I was a little iffy on going to work for amazon but I love it. I work nights and the management is great. Understanding and not rude.  ", " The managers we did not see that much, our supervisors were very friendly and helpful, co-workers made you feel like you been there for a while and knew everyone. The hardest part was to finish every inventory in a time limit.  ", " I worked in the singles department, packing single items in boxes. The hardest part is learning to pack really fast. The one thing i likes about his department is the stations were close enough for me to talk to co-workers. ", " \uf0a7\tProvided Level II technical support for Kindle devices \uf0a7\tDelivered customer service regarding online purchases, returns, and refunds \uf0a7\tGathered, analyzed, and provided recommendations for process improvements \uf0a7\tFulfilled duties as they were requested of me \uf0a7\tMaintained an exemplary customer satisfaction rate \uf0a7\tProved my leadership abilities through promotions and peer to peer performance coaching   ", " I enjoy working at Amazon Fulfillment Center out of Murfreesboro, TN. The work environment is consistent and productive. It is a good opportunity for cross training and advancement if you set your mind to the goals of the company. For my time as a Process Guide for transshipment, I learn a lot about staffing accordingly and hourly production rating to what the company desires so that our daily, weekly and our 21 day plan is fulfilled.   ", " more money/quota driven than consideration for their people ", " This place have the best hours and benefits, but if you want a life outside of work you might want to reconsider. The overtime is exhausting, and the rules that can help you change on a daily basis. I'm a picker, i scan the customer orders throughout my shift. I make sure the quality is exceptional and that the quantity is correct. The hardest part is the walking for 10 hours, the stairs, bending, etc.. What i love about the job, it's third shift, you meet some pretty good people, and when we have a ton a work, the management try to make it fun. ", " An average day is dealing with associates barriers while also achieving daily objectives to deliver department goals.   This job has a lot of interaction with a variety of people and is very fast-paced. ", " I work at the moment in an environment which is based around, \"working hard, having and making history\".   In the industry which I am currently in, one has to be focused and determined to push and strive to move forward constantly.   One has to be able to maintain the quality that you treat every customer with while trying to deal with as many queries as possible by minimizing the time spent with each customer and systematically developing a way using your own strengths to achieve this.   Management in this company has shifted a bit from where it was, even though the manager I am working with is excellent and takes into consideration your whole environment before making a assumption or pushing you towards something.  The hardest part of my job would be to try and control the customer decision and rating of my service, as sometimes one can provide the best possible service, yet due to the them not being happy with the company which can still affect the way they rate you as a representative of the company as somethings are out of your control.  I enjoy the company(co-workers) as well as when you do have the opportunity to help some one and provide them with a experience that can actually make some one's day.  The culture when I started was excellent yet I feel that things are changing and as I do realize that change is inevitable I can also see that the situation is getting worse, as there is lots of opportunities for it not to.  The company is fantastic, and it is a amazing experience to work for this company, however change is inevitable.  Thanks    ", " You go threw the turnstiles put your personal stuff in your locker. Cannot take anything with you on the work floor. Grab a scanner gun and wait for \"stand up\", the meetings they have twice a day; one in the beginning of the day and the other after lunch. After the meeting you work on your feet. 2 hours and 15 minutes later you get a 15 minute break. You are responsible if you don't start picking after 19 minutes. As long as you can keep up with the expectations they have of 125 units an hour, you will have a job. ", " I learned to be quick and on my feet, My co-workers were friendly and helpful. I learned alot about the factory the line. ", " They need a whole new team of managers It was a great place to work when they first opened  ", " When I started working hired with SMX, I was excited to work because it was my first actual job. When I got the job I loved keep moving doing hands-on work constantly. I didn't like the fact that we would do the same thing every day, I wanted to learn how to operate a forklift and other cool warehouse work but I couldn't because I was new. So I left this company to go work for CSC Telecom which is a whole new different industry, and heard they pay really well. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Normal wherehousing place, nice people simple work and long hours. Worked 4 Ten hours shifts. ", " the people there are friendly, its alot different from zappos that is for sure ", " is a fairly descent company to work for, the company has some pretty good benefits ", " Working at Amazon was an enjoyable experience. Learning new things with positive co-workers surrounding you, motivating you to work harder. ", " Repaired Kindles and helped with purchases was all inbound I loved talking to people I worked from home ", " i love working at amazon , i would perfer to work during the day  ", " The management is good. Hours are good. The pay could be better. Safety is very good. ", " I do love this company nice people and some great opportunities. ", " I like the culture there but I feel there is no room for advancement from the position i am currently in. ", " great benefits but too much favoratism..  very hard to advance. very faced paced and will get fired if you dont make rate. ", " Amazon was a fast paced environment, and it was a physically healthy job for myself. ", " I enjoy the people that I work with everyday.  It is a new warehouse that needs new management and leadership. ", " Oversee the inventory control and quality of stock within the FC. ", " High volume accounts payable.  Hard working team.  A lot of time was freed up after system conversion (paperless). ", " I didnt really enjoy working by myself for 10 hours a day. I enjoy talking to people working with others ect. ", " productive and your always staying busy. you have to know how to manage your time on packing boxes per hour. ", " very fun atmosphere. workers were very helpful. if i lived closer id try to work there again. most enjoyable job ive ever had. ", " I learned to be patient with the customers and help them with their situation.The co-workers are very fun to talk to. ", " Was ok long hours when quick I met some cool people I didn't work there long enough for an honest review ", " I wouldn't recommend this job to any who has athma or any health problems because it is still under going construction. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " FTEs at Amazon doesn't treat consultants well. They think that consulants are some sort of labor even though the pay would be higher than FTEs. The environment really sucks. ", " I really enjoyed working at Amazon ,there was always work to do and it was fun working there! ", " Had a great time working there.Leads were great.Godd hours.I learned how to use a scanner,ship and receive and also how to pack.Co-workers were helpful. ", " Workplace is great, and fun. Just a lot of loopholes in the system that can easily affect your work and your total time aboard Amazon. Great place but be careful ", " Co workers were very into drama, not professional with certain situations. Hardest part was lifting 50lb-80lb boxes. I enjoy getting a couple hours off when not needed at work. ", " typical day at work is walking around the giant warehouse and pick products off shelves that customers have ordered. co-workers are nice and friendly and fun to be around ", " i enjoyed working nice hours. Something i enjoyed at amazon as well is they gave us short breaks, ", " Good company to work in terms of being out and about.  We are about to get out into the Sunshine and more of people person. ", " You always learned something new daily, had fun working with my co-workers. I loved the challenge of solving work place problems ", " this is a good place to work but dont get to comfortable Amazon for the most part only hire sesonal employees during the holidays and let people go afterwards. ", " But it takes some getting used to. It's physically demanding but it does get easier. ", " interesting job with lot's of opportunities. learned how to stock and pack ", " If you need a job, amazon will hired anyone that have a diploma or GED.  Amazon also have a high turnover rate.  Lack of opportunities. ", " I really like working at amazon. the employees, managers, supervisors and human resource people are awesome at the Middletown de amazon fulfillment center. ", " I loved it and the only bad thing was that it was seasonal. Worked from home. Had full 2 week training with pay. Fun and friendly co-workers and great pay. ", " Amazon challenges your skills and helps you grow at the intense,fast pace. ", " Was only seasonal for me. would have been nice if could have gotten more hours. Will try again when the new building opens ", " received products and stocked products, heavy lifting was hardest part of job, most enjoyable part of job was making decent money. ", " The pay is amazing but the work is strenuous and took a major toll on my body. I just couldn't stand the environment of the warehouse type of job or at least this one. ", " Very organized in all aspects, Co-workers are friendly and willing to help each other. Everyone works together for the betterment of the company as a whole. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " FUN PLACE TO WORK AT. VERY BUSY PLACE TO WORK AT AND MANAGEMENT WAS GREAT...VERY MOTIVATING!!! BUT IT WAS JUST SEASONAL WORK FOR ME BUT I WOULD GO BACK THERE ANYTIME. ", " big and growing, fast paced, forward looking, work hard, relaxed atmosphere ", " they do not promote within,poor working conditions,poor pay raises,mismanaged,poor training,high turnover rate.  ", " fast pace. good environment  great management as well was good training, great pay ", " A typical day for me was greeting my coworkers and managers. Learning a new thing every week. I learned the process of how the trucks came through inbound. The process of receiving and decanting items off of pallets. I also learned how to stow items to library bins. My coworkers were really friendly and very welcoming. Hardest part was at the end of the day when my feet had enough of walking back and forth across the warehouse. The most enjoyable part of the job is the energy everyone had and how easy it was to get through the day. ", " Competitive and Challenge Atmosphere Very intelligent co-workers ", " i had a great time working here, all the management was friendly and helpful, the hardest part of the job was remembering where everything was ", " I really like working at amazon. the employees, managers, supervisors and human resource people are awesome at the Middletown de amazon fulfillment center. ", " Loved working here. Everyone stays on tasks. Always moving.  ", " There was hardly any communication within management. They put everyone in different places constantly. They would do this and act like you knew what you were suppose to do. When in reality you would be wandering aimlessly for an hour trying to find someone who knew what they were talking about. You could be the quietest and most efficient worker and they still would complain about your performance. The devalued their workers every day. It was like trying to win a losing battle working with them. It got to the point where I would come in a feel like a zombie. I didn't want to talk to anyone in fear of being barked at by the \"management\", or even process guides with big egos thinking they knew it all after being there for a week, and were younger than you. There is nothing like having a job take the life out of you and making you into a person you never wanted to be. It isn't worth to pay. Just don't do it!   ", " hard job to keep you have to fight for your job every day working through an agency and you are treat like you are nothing at this job and on minimum wage. ", " decent pay, very fast pace and good job if you like to stay really busy majority of the time  ", " Managers either never train you to do new things, or train you and don't let you use your acquired skills. Fast paced enviroment. Little to no room for advancement from warehouse associate. Awesome and diverse coworkers, very very physically demanding work. ", " A typical day for me is walking 20+ miles a day picking customer orders for 10 hours a day. I have gained warehouse experience and organization skills. I also have gotten better at pacing myself and multi-tasking. Management changes every couple of months. The hardest part of the job is not the actual job itself but dealing with the monotony and low morale. I do appreciate that I've lost 50+ pounds since working there, though!! ", " I only worked at amazon for about 2 months because of the holiday coming around and I was only a temp but for the short amount I worked there I worked every place I think that was hard for me because they never kept you in 1 place and I hated that. At amazon I learned how to pack and also scan items. ", " Is a grate job, good money. Just didnt have alot of time with son and puts alot on your body. ", " In the position I currently hold, one has the opportunity to walk anywhere from 10-14 miles per day!  That detail is probably the most challenging part of job.  Another challenge of the job, is to offer an associate, that same type of challenge mentally.  Because of this, I challenge myself daily to push my body as well as my mind, as much as the management team will allow me.  I have requested to management staff to entrust me to do whatever they need done throughout a shift.  For example, it is not unreasonable for me to cover shift breaks for PA's (Production Assistants), 5S high visibility areas, train associates in PPQA, Special assignments for other departments, along with my other duties in Pick department. ", " Great place to work, great values ,ethics and management but lacks in job security ", " I would pick products for 2 hours, then go pack product. Management would move people around and people would have no idea what was going on most of the time. Once I established myself in learning more I found that their was a lot of un-communicated information that would help associates learn their job duties. Co workers had negative attitudes due to this issue. For me the hardest part of the job was trying to figure out what needed to be done prior to trucks arriving with no help for supervisors. I enjoyed working the mech-lift area, because I was able to work at a fast paced with one other individual to pick large items, and produce the shipping label and load the trucks with these items. ", " Great place to work, given full training and colleagues always willing to help. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I learned alot about book grading about how taking the labels and scrapping them off in order to  scan them into the system. ", " it was an okey place to work but the hours and night shift was hard on my kids and I. ", " I start my day by looking at my email to make sure that nothing new is coming or changing for the plans I made the day before. I learned how to manage freight scheduling and becoming a team leader. The management at my job could be improved a little bit as far as learning more of the area and what goes on. A lot of my co-worker are hard workers and would not change any of them. The hardest part of my day would be when we get extra trucks coming in and trying to schedule them in that days planning labor. The enjoyable part of my day would be getting everything done on time for our customers and making them happy. ", " I've heard that some of the culture in the Merchant Risk Department has changed since I left, but when I left there was a performance evaluation system in place that was not only inaccurate and inconsistent but served to create a hostile work environment in which the employee is constantly in a state of anxiety over their work.  Effective workers need to feel confident in their work.  Constructive criticism is important to any dynamic work environment, but it needs to be consistent, appropriately delivered, and scheduled regularly or it loses effectiveness and the workers feel devalued.  The work life balance is non-existent. They worked me so hard I was unable to take care of my body and mind. My relationships and happiness suffered greatly, as did my health. I have a creative life that takes a lot of time and energy and I was unable to engage with that while working at Amazon.  That being said Amazon is still a great career opportunity.  They pay well, the benefits are excellent, and there is always room for overtime if you need more money.  Amazon is more than willing to train you if you are willing to learn and there are so many departments that you can expand your experience in many different directions if you show interest.  If you have language skills and need more industry based experience Amazon is a great career opportunity. Amazon is like public school in a big city; if you work hard and have a thick skin you can get a lot out of it, but if you don't it will chew you up and spit you out.   ", " Well I just want to go to work and do my job and complete the job duties that I'm required to do each day and leave out each day the same way I go in. I'm looking for new employment because I'm not working 40hrs a week only working about 20 and need a stable job. ", " It was a great company work was always there. Enjoyed the unlimited overtime! ", " Good learning experience lot of work, helped increase work quality, efficiency. good work culture. Taught professionalism ", " I learned how to pack and receive orders. My co-workers weren't too bad except a lot would not except new people into their groups. The management didn't care about individual employees. The hardest part of the job was the whole job. It was so physically demanding I have a joint pains from only 3 months of work. The most enjoyable part was a paycheck. A typical day I would wake up and have to get ready for work, leave within an hour, drive an hour to work to arrive early to be prepared and check my assignments. Then I would work for 3 hours straight get a 15 minute break. Work another 3 hours and then had 30 minute lunch, Work another 3 hours with a 15 minute break and then 2 more hours. Then drive home for an hour then sleep and start all over. ", " I got to train people on how to do the stow job right and train people hands on with PIT and give them a driving test . The management on night shift was too laid back and only concerned about how much was done. When they always say Safety, Quality, then Productivity, and Attendance in that order  but they want Productivity first. ", " I come in at 5:30 pm and leave at 4:00 am.  I deal with receiving issues such as POs, UPCs, and image problems. I have learned what it takes to work as a team and how to help out co-workers. The hardest part of my job is being away from my family. ", " A typical work day at amazon.com fulfillment center on the outbound department will consist of order picking, packing and shipping dock. I work in all three areas. During my time in Amazon I learn many leadership skill and communication skills. Management at Amazon is great, they help you grow and help you increase leadership skills. The hardest part of the job is the physical demands. I work four days ten hours shift. You stand all of the ten hours and ways around 15 to 20 miles a shift. The most enjoyable part of the job was my co workers I worked with a great group of associates. ", " A typical work day is you go in grab a scanner log into it and it tells you what you will be picking,multi items or single items. From there you are walking as fast as you can to pick these orders for your entire shift which is 10 hours.Most of the co-workers are fun to work with. The hardest part of this job is being able to keep a fast pace all day with some deadlines on some orders.The most enjoyable part of this job is having fun in between picking these orders while passing by a co-worker. ", " stand up and stretches,get assignments{different processes}to count items in bins, or for me,I would do audits on packing inbound,outbound,prep,after lunch, stand up stretches back to work.I've learned the distribution process through auditing and safety. Getting along with alot of people.management had an opendoor policy which benifited for associates,also some of them actually talk to you out on the floor.Working with alot of people had it's benifits,I'm one who gets along with anyone,you tend to meet all people, different backgrounds, cultures,different states or countries through transfer or other means.Keeping up with the rate was the hardest ,always upping the rate.Enjoying the auditing part was interesting to me,I feel I have a good eye for that part of the job. Management left me alone,because they knew it be completed at a certain time. ", " Walk 15miles a day on a 10 hours shift. Dealing with non heavy material. I learned alot about how I collect customers oders, the management is not so great with communitcation between co workers and managers, dont really have a hard just just alot of walking involved and the thing I enjoy most about my job is training to hires during the holidays. ", " You must bleed Amazon and if you don't, it may not be the best place to work. ", " after initualy signing on for work (picking) time goes past as always busy security and health and safety very inportant on sight always there to help if needed and management understanding co-workers all of good standing hardest part of job, the distance between job picks in locations ie walking. fulfilment in achieving assingment's ", " A typical day at work is arriving and basically have a start up meeting every morning. Then start picking things, or packing customers orders for the whole day. Management are good there always smiling and help out. Nothing at amazon is really hard but its just alot of work.  ", " I would show up to work, clock in and go to the morning meeting. When the meeting ends we would look at a paper and see what and where we were working. I worked either as a stower or on dock line. If I was stowing then I would go to the location that I was assigned to. I would pick up a cart and scan the items off the cart and into a bin. If I was working on the dock line I would either check in the boxes, unload the truck, and/or open the boxes and sort them onto different pallets. We would get two 15 minute breaks and one half hour lunch. After working our 10 hour shift we clocked out and went home.      ", " I would arrive at 7:30am starting the day with lt. stretches, sign ito function for the day. My job related to production : pick, pack place on ship line, restock pack stations and proublem solving daily needs of customer orders. We had a total of 3 stress times in the day where the Mang. showed there commitment to getting the orders filled. Was able to work in a friendly enviroment, meetting , talking , getting to know my fellow workers , While productivly working. Overall my job at Amazon was an awesome experience , learned the warehouse work ethics, stowing , packing and placement to customers with follow up to confirm receivement .  ", " The biggest downfall of working at amazon.com is the insecurity of the job. One week its busy, the next its quiet, the following week your out of a job. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " In this line of work accuracy and production is very important. You have to be able to maintain a stable quota. It is a very social enviroment with co-workers. The perks are the best part of this job. The hardest part is being on your feet for hours at a time. ", " I did not like this job at all they only hired for 2 weeks and then the position ended. granted it was a lot of standing on your and putting things in the correct bins, but It was way to time consuming. the co-workers was nice, and I the enjoyable part was getting off work. ", " It was fun and exciting working for Amazon Warehouse, I leant new skills and I was happy  with the Management team .They were friendly and approachable. I enjoyed every minute of my job. ", " I love working for Amazon I am currently a temporary employing in the middle of being converted. The pay is great. The management and other employees are helpful and have great attitudes. I stay busy throughout my entire shift. Like that we have 3 days off in a row and overtime is almost always offered or mandatory which makes for more money :) ", " Around the holidays, if you are looking for a seasonal job. This is the place. But don't get your hopes up about being hired on full time You are only setting your self up for disappointment,    Work is VERY VERY fast pace. The hours are extremely long. (LOTS OF OT) The work is easy and pretty light. Expect to walk about 12-15 miles in a single day of work. There is NO ONE sitting down. Tons of temp workers, meet new people. The pay is pretty decent.  ", " Work there was intense and put you under alot under pressure but overall the work there was great and time with co workers would get you by the day. On your feet for 8 to 12 hours. ", " Good place to work, has an ok atmosphere.  Pay is average and hours are long. ", " A typical day would be awesome because you get to work and exercise at the same time  ", " The most enjoyable part of the job is going home earlier than everyone else. That way I do not have to get stuck in the parking lot traffic.  ", " Amazon was very productive, its the kind of job that will help you get into shape. they had great pay as well  ", " the work was consistent and hard but also a rewarding company to owrk for ", " ten hour work shifts in a non air conditioned or heated warehouse. breaks every two hours, the hardest part of the job was dealing with the temperature of the building.  ", " If you are looking for a place to work where you have opportunities to advance and possibly use the skills you have acquired over the years then look somewhere else.The position that you are hired into will be the position that you will quit from unless you are out of the military. All of the area managers at the Chester fulfilment center are former military whether they are qualified to manage people or not. If you are not former military, do not even think that you will advance past the position that you are hired into. The best that you will do is a lateral move.  ", " very long hours during busy seasons and overtime but watch out for non busy days! A daily required rate must be met on most work positions, physical work can be greatly expected depending on position (standing/walking for most of day, repetitive movements thought shift) Management can be very helpful in training processes, co-workers can vary, some positions require a partner, choose carefully! Hardest part of the day is maintaining a constant daily piece count in every area, otherwise you can be dismissed! Most enjoyable part of the day is your breaks, you get two 15 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunch break but be careful as if you leave to break late you won't get that time back and if you clock in late you will be marked as late and allowed 6 points before being dismissed! Among the cons are...no cell phones allowed within work areas, exceptions are cafeteria/designated break areas, short lunches as you must clock out/in, walk through metal detectors while leaving to breaks each time, which can shorten your lunch and that time you do not get back. Can be a tad tedious and if not careful you may receive a late point, after 6 your dismissed! Some days can be slow, resulting being sent home earlier, weekly hours can vary big time depending on seasonal sales, during busy season expect mandatory overtime and depending on assigned work schedule you two days off but under busy weeks expect to work on assigned days off. Busy seasons are a headache to arrive to work/leave by car as there is one major entrance. In my opinion this job can effect your Work/Life balance, if your attending ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> school or have kids this might not work out so well, also 10 hour shifts are normal but can vary if slow or busy, in my opinion not vary stable if thats what your looking for. It's a positive environment, management has a teamwork attitude, but if you want to be hired on permanently or advance you need to work extra hard for it and this doesn't guarantee stability in weekly hours, also can effect your free time off work, so dedication is a must here!  ", " Management was approchable and understanding. The job was physically challenging but in a fun way. ", " the job hours were too long you stand in one place the whole time and the breaks were really short. ", " A typical day at work was 10 hours long. I had a lot of time to learn new things such as driving a fork lift. The job itself was different because its the only place I know of that makes what it does. Management was great and everyone worked together. We all pushed each other to get what needed to be done done. The hardest part of the job was the hours. For me the most enjoyable part was the fork lift driving. ", " hardess part of my job is to be mislead by customers by giving you false information and passing them.  ", " Most days I have to move inventory to a fixed location so that the pickers are able to pick inventory. The most important lesson that I have learned form Amazon is working with a diverse team. Most management at Amazon is managers stratight out of college with no real work experience this can be a challenge and can also be one of the biggest obstacles of this company. The most enjoyable part of my job is handling all the unique inventory and the challenges that aspect offers.  ", " I really liked working on the phones and helping customers. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " You do the same job you're assigned your entire career there. I learned what factory jobs entail. Management is not very helpful and most are constantly on their cell phones. Co workers pretty much keep to their own little packs. The hardest part of the job is the sleep schedule and the constant overtime.  ", " typical day at work was busy learned how the website works and process orders co-workers were great at assisting hardest part of job? n/a enjoyable part of job? n/a ", " Maintain and develop components assigned. Have time to learn skill/knowledge you're interested in , such as AWS service SDK and so on. ", " get assigned your job and then just work like crazy. possibilities of learning multiple tasks. best part are the co-workers and some of the managers are tough to get along with. ", " I love Amazon! In fact, I love working in warehouses or any job that requires a lot out of me. I loved every moment of it. The experience was great. ", " I started thinking I was hired for days.  3 days before starting I was notified I would be on the night shift and only at $13.00 per hour instead of the $18.00 I had agreed to.  I had no training on their structure and only had seen my manager twice in 7 months.  I was let go because I complained about security taking 30 minutes or longer to get us screened and out the door which happened after you have punched out. Day shift got all the perks and night shift got nothing but a tremendous amount of work to be done alone.  ", " i love working at amazon , i would perfer to work during the day  ", " There isn't much time for a personal life when working at Amazon. You work up to 60 hours a week. The managers are mostly fresh out of college with no experience. If you're lucky enough to get a mature manager then chances are good things will be easier on you. I have met some of the best people while working at Amazon. It's very cultured. If you are hired on direct things are easier on you for sure, but if you have to go through their temp service you really have to prove yourself to get the opportunity to be hired on direct. ", "   Typical day at Amazon was picking, and sorting as many orders in a day as possible.   Management at Amazon were always upbeat motivational speakers.   Coworkers at amazon were very diverse group of people from many different backgrounds. Made life at amazon very intresting and exciting.    Hardest part of amazon was finding a place to park before the begining of the shift. Whereas nite shift ( 350 - 500 people) where leaving as day shift was coming into work.    I enjoyed the people of Amazon, they treat the employees with great respect.     ", " The job itself is okay... Just as a picker it is extremely boring... Do not get much interaction with others... Makes for very long days... And mandatory overtime... Especially in the fall... ", " I liked it i wish it was full time. I would go in do a start up meeting go to my assembly line or truck depending on where i was put that day and begin to work intel the day was up. ", " Transporters would take skids from the docks to the racks to stock so the pickers could complete there jobs without interruption.  ", " it was a good paying job and had great teamwork. and the bosses we'er active with the employees. and help motivate the workers to work at their best and make the numbers we had to make everyday ", " Worked with bright and interesting people. State of the art Tech firm. Overall a great place for career advancement and is the best fit for person you who is looking for career advancement and wants to work the brightest people in the field.   However the work/life balance isn't great. Still the culture is much like startup. You are required to be stuck to to your phone. ", " If you're a picker/packer well, hold onto your hat. They will give you a \"rate\" to abide by. This means parcels you are required to pick/pack in one hour. UPH = units per hour. Within the five months I've been employed there the UPH requirements increased at least 4 times. Four times! In some cases the expected UPH doubled. If you do not make the required UPH you are written up. This will drop off in one year to the day. 6 write ups and you are done. If you bend incorrectly and caught there is a possibility of a write-up. If you make a quality mistake you are written up. If you raise a concern during a meeting....yes, I've known associates whom were written up. If you have a write up you cannot transfer or apply for another position within the company for at least 30 to 90 days of your last write-up depending on how many you have. Your rate will continue to drop during ANY inactivity (e.g. equipment failure, issues regarding faulty scanner UPC bars, getting coached for a low \"rate\"...no, they don't allow you to log out of your function while they are speaking to you, bathroom breaks, etc.). If you're a drone you will fair well. If you complain about swollen feet and knees your manager will inform you that they are simply excuses for not making rate. Thank the gods I have an interview somewhere else. Good luck! ", " a typical day at work would be collecting my radio and forklift keys in the morning then a printed copy of pallet locations that have too  come down for pickers to pick for customer orders . after the sheet is complete and bulk pallets that come into the biulding have too be put up into the high racking . usually left too my own devices sometimes the work can be a bit hectic at peak times but nothing that cant be dealt with  ", " All of my co workers and supervisor were a pleasure to work with. ", " In a typical day I would work from 7:30 am until 6:00 pm, with two 15 minute breaks and one 30 minute break. I learned how to work on a line, and pack products properly. The management was good, all of my managers were friendly and easy to talk to. The hardest part of the job for me was was working mandatory over time days during the holidays pulling 60 hour weeks. The most enjoyable part of the job was interacting with so many people.  ", " going to work pack merchandise ship them to customer and alot of safety. ", " It doesn't look like you are in a big American company; the environment is casual and you can talk to everybody without any awkward feeling, from the new arrived to the senior manager. In this particular role, I have learned how to deal with people and distribute work for others. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I enjoyed the business, made long work hours go by fast. Good teamwork. Opportunities for growth and learning different skills. ", " The people overseeing this assignment were wonderful.  A typical day was observing the clients that utilized Amazon lockers and recording their activity. ", " Grateful for the opportunity I had working at Amazon. I might not have been the best job, but it helped provide for me and my family. ", " its a fast paced warehouse where everyone is friendly during the seasonal period its a constant work once peak ended we were being sent home once daily work was completed ", " It usually goes great not a lot of problems. The work is never hard or changeling just have too keep your head screwed on right. ", " pack customer orders out and train new associate's on the packing process. also im apart of amazons problem solve team. this is where all problems come to me and see what's wrong with it and fix it to be shipped out. ", " good work place ,good people and environment.I got a lot of skills and spend good time.managers are working very good and smoothed ", " was a very rewarding experience work under pressure appears to work fast team and quality and amazon learn these skills ", " Fun fast past work environment. Learning something new every day   Growing within the team and the company Pet friendly and a casual workplace ", "  \tResponsible for picking orders  \tIn charge of identifying and liquidating damaged merchandise  \tInventory control clerk functions to reduce shrink and increase productivity ", " Great place to work pay rate is remarkable, team oriented environment, there is always work to do but only temporary hires. ", " the pay was pretty good,very easy job but some was trying to run the job like they had a higher postion. ", " The only thing is you never have the chance to sit down. Pretty much all the time is standing and moving quick. ", " This has already been reviewed previously in this application, nothing else to add to this. I have no more to add to this. ", " Do not take a Fulfillment Center manager position just because the pay is great. It is a lot of hard work, make sure you are a cultural fit for this. ", " Personally I hate going to work on my scheduled days. I feel anxiety all the time bc of the way associates are treated. It's AWFUL! ", " I did like this job a lot but again it was only available for seasonal hours. I was a picker for the company of Amazon. Worked everyday 10 hour days. ", " there was always a job to do with the fork lifts and always very fast pace job ", " they provided great opportunities to try many projects so that I could improve a lot. ", " I loved it there I just wish we would get a longer lunch for all those hours we worked. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I really enjoyed working for Amazonbut it was only temporary seasonal position. ", " I loved it and the only bad thing was that it was seasonal. Worked from home. Had full 2 week training with pay. Fun and friendly co-workers and great pay. ", " same as before bad managment nothing to do with ambassadors , bad policies , very strict not saying i wouldnt work there again because a job is a job ", " I really enjoyed all the staff and the fellow employees of this company.  They all were very friendly and very nice.  willing to help you anytime. ", " Amazon was ok to work for. Itegritiy solutions not so much. Integrity Solutions has a lot of broken promises which made Amazon look poorly. ", "  \tPack Customer\u2019s orders in a timely manner  \tPractice good safety habits  \tReport any inconsistencies Practice good safety practices ", " People are great and its a fun place and pay is well but there are no such thing as full time employees and you are not guranteed full hours. ", " The Company is ok. It's just that they do not pay well enough for the amount of work and effort put in. It is very stressful to work in this company ", " Co workers are not very friendly, the only hard part is walking and being on your feet ten and a half hours a day. ", " Good it was wonderful, i loved it. Easy work good pay, get away with anything. it is a great place to work and i would recommend it to anyone. ", " not a bad place to work.  hard to move up though due to the fact the hardly promote with in.  They are not afraid to let you go either. ", " got to work at 6 in the morning count inventory for 10 hrs. learned how to better my understanding of a fast pace job. everyone knows everyone and is nice to everyone. ", " typical day at work was busy learned how the website works and process orders co-workers were great at assisting hardest part of job? n/a enjoyable part of job? n/a ", " great opportunity to work with people and learn different skills. definitely room for growth. ", " ALOT OF WALKING!!!!!!!!!! Every shape person works here but im fit and it killed me on my feet. ", " The environment is great however the HR is completely all over the place. I was training people to do there jobs and they were getting promoted to leads and still asking for advice. Pay is decent, very hard work. ", " co-workers was so helpful and i learend more on that company ", " This is a very fast paced environment where time flies. The shifts go by extremely fast since there is so much to do. Working here was a good experience ", " i learned there how to work with team.manage the time. there is co-workers are very helpful. the hardest part of the job is night shift. most enjoyable part of the job is packing ", " we do have ping ball table ive never seen it used love my coworker they are great cant say to much still got a job "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Work is steady and all employees are committed to their daily goals and fulfilling the needs of the company. ", " Amazon is a fun, safe place to work.Most of the management is wonderful to work under and the associates are like a family. The hardest part about the job is the commute to and from work before and after a ten hour shift. The most enjoyable part of this job is the co-workers you work with. ", " Amazon was a great place to work whilst in the building, I enjoyed my job very much. However there was no job security what so ever. Although I knew it was only a temporary position, they are severely strict on all employees. For example: While working there I had a Chest Infecton, a Kidney Infection, the Flu, and also broke my ribs and was told I couldnt even take a day off to go the hospital to get them checked. So after finishing work at 9pm I then had to book a late night hospital appointment at st Johns to be checked over and given Anti Biotics. I also had to travel home to Livingston before I could book this appointment meaning it was aftet11pm. So i would NOT reccommend working for Amazon CS.! ", " I enjoy working in a team player environment. Amazon is a very fast pace working environment. The hardest part of working at Amazon is working their peak season. I worked twelve hours days (60 hours work week for 3 months). The most enjoyable part of working at Amazon is being able to work as a team and meet the deadline for the orders so that the customers orders will arrive to them in the time stated. ", " a typical day at work always stretch before work we have a meeting on what we are to do for the day I learned how to ship and receive items from the front line and put info into the computer ant scan items before putting on cart for the picking Department Management wasn't to great always grouchy. The co-workers were good we all got along The hardest part of the job was 12hours a day on your feet. The most enjoyable was the free gifts we got from the company .Over all rating I give them 5stars compensation/Benefits 5 stars Culture/Values 6 stars Job Security 5 stars management 5 stars Work Balance 5 Stars ", " I always felt that I was safe in the workplace as they took so many measures to ensure it. A typical day at work was to sign in to the pass card and have a meeting with the managers before we did anything so that we knew what was needed of us. We would work for 5 hours packing in a vibrant atmosphere. Then have a 30 minute break and then go back to work for another 2 and a half hours.  The main thing that i learned whilst working there was team work and setting goals is a must. Team work helps you gel with everyone and makes tasks a lot easier. Setting goals is a very good way to make sure that you do well at your job but also strive to improve as well.  The management was not very talkative to me personally but that probably was because it was such a massive operation and there was a big job to do. When we had done a good job though they were very personal.  My co-workers were great. There were so many that you don't get the chance to know everyone. Co workers trained me up well so I could do my job and were very welcoming.  The hardest part of the job was to be standing up at a work station for about 5 hours packing products and it having a huge impact on your knees.  The most enjoyable part of the job was to know that you have done a great job and have created a great experience for customers. ", " good place to work, learn new stuff, some of the people are good to work with. ", " Excellent working atmosphere. I learned a lot about how to listen to customers and help them, to treat them as a friend. ", " very ethnic and a great place to learn self dicipline and determnation ", " i only worked at this company for a short period of time as it was only a temporary position for over the festive season. a typical day i was given a set amount of items to collect and return to the packing line where others would pack up the items and send them to the customer who had ordered it from the internet. ", " A typical day at Amazon was going through security scanners to come in to work. all the employees meet up at their stand up station to get our jobs for the day. My job consist of walking all day. I learned how to use scanning guns and how some machines work while working in the warehouse. Some of the management were good people and some were strict. I had fun co-workers, some would talk and laugh with me and teach me how I should do something right if i didn't know how to do something. The Hardest part of the job is by the end of the day your feet would be hurting for walking on them all day. My most enjoyable part of the job is scanning Items that I seen that I wanted to buy and losing weight. ", " gathering info on the orders and setting the order forums with the products. the hardest part of the job was standing in that one area for 11 hrs ", " very productive place and safe environment to work in great management teams, worked well with co-workers. nothing hard. the most enjoyable parts of the job is when they'll call my name with a microphone in a meeting for being the top performer. ", " they would send us home regularly because their wasn't enough work. ", " i was on the night shift so you would come, put yor things in your locker. you would them need to go clock in, go to which ever part of the building you were working in the get a briefing from the shift before and whats going to happen on our shift. ", " Typical day at work consisted of 8-12 hours of standing bending and walking while completing different warehouse task. I Learned that in a busy warehouse setting that ", " The most enjoyable part of my job is: I am able to walk around and check out all the cool items the job has to offer to it's customers when they are placing orders. With that being said it also give me great ideas for gifts as well. ", " Amazon is a wonderful company to work for if you just finished high school and do not intend to study further.  There is growth in the company available to all hard working popular employees.  If you are open to working shifts that could be over night, you would thrive.  Most employees are wonderful to work with ", " i really enjoyed working in amazon, people were very friendly, and the management were always ready to help if there was any problems. ", " I enjoy working for amazon. it is very fast paced especially since I went to shift AD01, always on the move. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I worked 3rd shift, that was the hardest part of the job. I picked shoes all night that was sent to us on a hand held. ", " learn on your own, no guidelines or assistance. fast paced work environment without direction. after a few days of work i learned on my own and assisted other employees who did not know what they were doing. ", " nice place to work nice co workers did mostly inventory and making sure right supply was shipped off to right customers enjoyed hours and pay ", " My husband and I enjoyed the few months and the experience we had with Amazon and the other employees. It was an adventure for us seniors! ", " A typical day at work at Amazon will consist of me packing customers orders into boxes after scanning and sealing the boxes with Amazon tape. ", " it was not a horrible place to work. but i.s.s and amazon have two sets of rules which you are expected to fallow even though they contradict each other. ", " Good place to work good life and work balance, pay isn't bad really. ", " Its factory work. Its what you make it to be, over all not a bad place to work, but your feet will hurt from walking so much. ", " Awesome job. Long enough breaks. Great people. Hard working security and staff. ", " very busy work place, kept on yr feet all day with half hour break ", " It's hard walking for 10 hr a day, but it keeps you fit. The people definitly get you through the day. ", " its a very enjoyable work place and co-worker are always helpful. we achieve everything here by team work. ", " i didnt have the best of experience because i felt i was just thrown onto a working line with no instruction as what to do. ", " A typical day consisted of packing and picking merchandise to be shipped to customers around the globe. It allowed me to pay attention to detail rather than speed. ", " Another difficult job, sorting orders in a timed fast pace way was very difficult, but enjoyable as well. I would welcome any challenge again ", " Amazon.com was a great place to work.  Even though it required many sleepless nights it was great to have such ambitious goals as a company. ", " Days went by fast. People were nice and friendly. Not alot of pressure and there was always something to do. ", " it's an ok job while it last, but they're not very giving when it comes to job/life balance. ", " This company sucks and they discriminate! The workers are lazy and disrespectful. The most enjoyable part of this job is clocking out! ", " Professional and a great company that I will recommend to others looking for employment. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Fun atmosphere, but management was rude and abrasive.They weren't knowledgeable about products nor certain company protocols. ", " I learned to do a few different things and was trained in some different departments. i also had the opportunity to train a few peole as well. We had 10 hour days four days a week and I worked thirds so it didn't leave much for a social life. My co-workers were always helpful and supportive when needed. The hardest funtion I did within the company was stow and the one that I enjoyed the most was collating. The management was always there to answer questions and jump in if you needed the extra help. ", " Move trailers in and out of docks . Unloads freight with Pallet Jacks,Fork Lift and Rollers. Receives inventory and also stores in certain locations.Manetains a Clean and Safe Dock operation Floor INC:/with 5's Standards. ", " easy going everyone got along well and fast passed and management worked hard to make sure employees knew where the company was at and how well it was doing and always filled us in on important information about busy peek time of the year. ", " pulling orders to fill on-line orders. Management worked hard to make sure we had an idea of how things where going. Co-workers all worked well together. the job was pretty easy. ", " i basically learn how to polish my forklift driving gaining experience and also learn to be a safe driver i believe that there where no part that was hard because i enjoyed it ", " Though it was a good place to work at, i had worker here for bout couple of weeks and thats the reason i dint got much chance to get in touch with each person/staff working around. ", " this is a job not a career at a level 3 or under. This company doesn't promote from within at that level or below. Un written rules or politics. ", " it was ok got to be in differient departments and meet new people was a very big place. ", " A typical day at work is busy but fun and i have learned a lot of skills that have helped me become to great employer i am today. The management is great and easy going, yet they are people you can look up to and aspire to be like in the future. There really isn't a hard part to my job as long as you pay attention to what you are doing and work more then play your job will be easy to complete. ", " all they care about is work. that's all. good money though but you definitely work hard for it. ", " Clock in have group talk about the records we were going to break that day Stretches Report immediately to your station full force working within 3 minutes. I learned there are people who can work and talk. Then there are people who can either work or talk If you went the first listed your employment would be short lived. Workers came to work they did not talk smile laugh make cupcakes on there birthdays. Hardest part of the job receiving write ups first then training second and not able to explain why the items in question happened. Best part of the job 4 10 hour shifts and working very fast 10 hours straight I lost 40 pounds was walking approx. 17-21 a day I had no problem with that would do it again in a heart beat... ", " I've learned how to run my business from soup to nuts all while working in a fun, challenging, and rewarding environment. Best part? I can bring my dog to work! ", " I learned how to work at a steady pace and yet maintain a good quality product to satisfy the customer. My co-workers made the experience even better, they always maintained a positive attitude which made going to work everyday a joy. Management was excellent they really did a good job about caring after there employees. ", " A typical day would include attending a start up meeting and being assigned to my duties for the night which usually included either packing items to be shipped, Clearing the jams on conveyors and helping other employees with assembly problems. I absolutely loved the people i worked with, they were always very cheerful, outgoing and productive, management was very much alike. The har ", " Basically, we go in and meet up with the manager for stretching for a few minutes ; have a small discussion about what is expected.Go to work two hours. Then,take first break for 15 minutes,then come back and work until luch. Lunch was 30 minutes. Next go back and stretch and discuss. Then back to work through out the rest of the day.  I learned how to pick open boxes,order process customers' orders,forklift ,etc.  The hardest part about the job was the very long hours. ", " The job is not for the slow paced or lazy, you are constantly on your feet and moving around all most all the time and you had to keep a calm and cool head to come up with ways to stay in pace with everyone else and come up with good solutions to daily problems. ", " Work was ok i liked it but it is a lot of walking or standing. You have to paste yourself, yes everybody was friendly. ", " Amazon is a great company. The focus is to ensure the customer is always taken care of and in todays world that is hard to find. ", " Amazon.com is a demanding fast pace productive company but over all it's a very good company to work for. I learned about shipping and receiving products on a RF scanner and how to recognize the products by scanning the bar codes, it would show me the name of the product/title. I had to make sure that the product and the title matched before receiving it on the RFscanner. Some of the management were understandable and they gave you an opportunity to know the job. Some of the co-workers were team oriented and made the work environment a good place to work at. The hardest part of the job was when they had mandatory work hours of up to 10 hours a day for peak season. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I would recommend this job only as a temp. job. No room for growth unless you work very hard. ", " A very result orienteted company that thinks little for its staff ", " Clocking in and going to picking meetings twice a day, learned to use RF scanner, management was helpful in answering any questions, meeting new people that I was trained with. ", " Great work environment, very customer centric. Great co-workers. ", " First I will tell you that I never knew how good I was until I came to Amazon. While you are here you will be surounded by amazing talent. If you can make a name for yourself here then you are doing very well. That being said, it is difficult to sustain the level of stress for very long. Most of the leadership is young. Meaning that they do not have family life outside of work and can devote most of their time to Amazon. The pay and compensation for these guys is great. The down side is that most of the leadership are managers and not leaders. Not much patience with development. Why can't you get this? Is the management mantra. 70% of the entire workforce has less than 2 years with the company. This is a great company to work for to boost your career while you are young and single as promotions are given often and hard work is rewarded; however, not many people stay with the company for very long. That goes for managers and associates. ", " While this company emphasizes the customer experience, it really does not value the employee experience. If you are among the 75% that are doing the daily heavy \"lifting\" (stow, receive, pack, sort, etc) then you are required to work long hours, subjected to mandatory overtime year round, work above hours on concrete floors, have to factor walking time into your 2 15 minute breaks (breakroom is at least 3 minutes away from work areas so your break is really about 9 minutes). Unless you have IT skills, managerial skills really need the paycheck or just want benefits this is a dead end. If you have to come in through the temporary staffing agency (Integrity) then you are also subjected to their ridiculous \"trainers\" that do not know a thing. This is a good first step job, learn what you can and move on. ", " - Experienced worker of many skills and abilities in the beginning of their shift can make a choice, if they will do packing, sorting, gift wrapping or picking work for today, but later, if team leader or manager will find out, that some areas needs for support, some workers can be asked then to change their location for another one. - I learned how to work safely and quickly, providing the highest quality in the same time. - Management is skilled in their area, friendly for active part of workers. - Co-workers are very different from very withdrawn to very sociable and communicative. - The hardest part of the packer's job is to keep good mood and spirits during first weeks, because if not, then the work can become very very boring for them. - The most enjoyable part of the job is long every day briefing before shift begins. While managers and team leaders speak about targets, successes, work allocations, safety and quality, people can get more ready for productive shift, relaxing, having some kind of last rest before work is started. For gift wrappers can be enjoyable if they wrapped perfectly a gift of very difficult unusual form (not simple rectangular box, but cylinder, ball or polyhedron, so, need to think properly, how to wrap it) - so, after can show finished work to neighbor worker, making him wandering about it's unusual and nice view. ", " Its a lot of work, a lot of time on your feet, but I really enjoyed it. Time simply flew by when you were working. You had strict quotas to keep per day, so you had to keep moving the entire shift. ", " Overall, the worst job I had so far. The management was by far the worst I've ever experienced. The company didn't make you feel welcomed to come back to work. Every day felt miserable. ", " I worked from home for Amazon's call center and it was a great job and a great company to work for. It was only seasonal but I will try and apply again whenever they have an opening I enjoyed it so much. ", " Hard work required, but a lot of things going on at once.  Typical day is long. ", " Amazon was a fun place to work. The benefits you start off with are awesome, and the management team is the best! They are always willing to help you in any way possible. ", " You are crammed into a small cubical and have to answer the phone constantly. You are given the mandatory breaks and during lunch or break you can not stay at your desk and are forced into other areas where you have very little privacy unless you leave. However 30 minutes isn't enough time. You are allowed bathroom breaks for 3 minutes outside your 2 10min break and lunch. This is a good place to work if you are young, can manage to make people stop talking when they are upset. ", " I enjoyed my time at amazon I got on with all members of staff and made a few friends along the way ", " A typical day at work was to show up early, play ping pong in the break room for a few minutes. Clock in. Then report to stand up where we would discuss productivity of the day before and the goal for the day. Managers would assign us to a job depending on what we have been trained in then you continue that job for 5-10 hours. Management was great, everyone was lenient and understanding but still encouraged us to work hard. Co-workers were for the most part very nice and sociable though there were a few who you couldn't make happy no matter what you did. Hardest part was days when there was little work to do. The best part of the job was the management and the radio that played through out the building. ", " Fun, laidback environment! Call volumes can be hectic, but helping customers is very fulfilling. ", " I got hired to Amazon through Integrity Staffing Solutions. A typical day at work for me was clock in, grab a cart and scan it, locate shelves to store the items, scan the items into the bin, break, repeat, lunch, repeat, clock out. I learned out how to use scanners and how to work in warehouse conditions. Amazon management and their employees were great, but the ISS was not. The hardest part of working at Amazon under ISS was the pressure they put on you. They expected you to be as fast and efficient in two weeks as those who worked their for years, and when you're not, you get 'let go'. The most enjoyable part of the job was the friends I was making. ", " amazon is a great place to work. it has it pros and cons like any other job has ,but with amazon theres more pros than cons. ", " Great people to work with. I enjoy my time at work which makes time fly by. I appreciate the way management runs the shifts, very smoothly. The rates are a challenge to meet but very doable. ", " This company is good to their employees. Hard job but worth it. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " very nice and well training provided  pay is very good left due to relocated to different state ", " Exceptional communication and organizational skills, with a great attitude and work ethic and proven customer service ", " Working as a team member for everyone to get the quota done as planned. ", " Adhered to all safety rules and guidelines on a daily basis. Co-workers very helpful. Enjoyed the pay and the break periods. ", " learned alot in different departments.came seasonal...still there 6 weeks later..i hope i get fulltime... ", " I love working Amazon. Amazing place to work and awesome environment. ", " The Company is ok. It's just that they do not pay well enough for the amount of work and effort put in. It is very stressful to work in this company ", " good working enviroment enjoyed the picking and the free exercise  ", " Amazon is a great, fast growing company to work for. There are few dull moments. ", " The work was easy, but their quotas were a bit hard to hit. the hours were very harsh. ", " The day I had was a fun day laughting and joking around while getting the work done. This i have learn was working at a fast pace so that i could keep up with everybody that i was working with. ", " Got great exercise By Walking 15 Miles A Day Very Friendly Atmosphere Fulfilling Customers Orders Safely, Accurately And Fast ", " employees are fun to work with, short breaks, always working to meet quotes and ten hour shifts ", " Good place to be if you are a self starter who thrives on autonomy. ", " LOVED THE ENVIRONMENT, THE DEADLINES, THE SEASONAL RUSH ...FINALLY, I FOUND A JOB THAT MATCHED MY ENERGY !!! ", " Selling the Pandora Jewellery. Keep our customers happy, give them advice and all needed information. opening and closing the store. Hanling the money in the end of the day. ", " Working at Amazon Fulfillment was a pretty set routine from day to day . It is important to stay on task and be productive in order to have a successful work day.  ", " Overworked, Bad work enviroment Good Pay Poorly Managed, culturaly not up to the current corp standard.. ", " A typical day of work consists of giving out rates to associates from the previous shift to improve productivity. Work with associates to overcome barriers. ", " I was inside an warehouse most of the day and never saw day light, especially in the winter in Phoenix, AZ. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Do not take a Fulfillment Center manager position just because the pay is great. It is a lot of hard work, make sure you are a cultural fit for this. ", " I enjoy working here but I want to find room to grow in a workplace. ", " you get out what you put in, if you dont keep up with rate youll get the boot. then again i was seasonal ", " alot of moving you keep very buisy which makes the time go fast alot of oppertunities working for this company ", " I already wrote a review on this. The very first review I wrote is about Amazon. Great place to be if you don't go through ISS. ", " I didnt really enjoy working by myself for 10 hours a day. I enjoy talking to people working with others ect. ", " I learned a lot of things working here it was okay they just lay off alot they dont really hire through the company that much they work you to death then lay you off ", " The work is steady and can have its slow days and its busy days, you start on a temporary contract and can be given a permnant contract ", " was a very rewarding experience work under pressure appears to work fast team and quality and amazon learn these skills ", " opportunity to learn the inside operations of a very large company. ", " overall great work place. learned how to drive forklifts and how to receive inventory in and push orders out. ", " Working at Amazon was great, you move around so much like you are working out. I really liked it, I wouldn't mind going back if asked. ", " working alone side of co-workers is fun and very productive place to be ", " When you work in Amazon,you feel very good,because the people with who you work are amazing. In there im learn everything what i must need or know. ", " It is a fast paced environment and the people are very supportive and helpful. ", " Great place to work and advance.  I worked for Inbound which meant I was on the trucks. ", " Not a people friendly place to work.  Only concerned about meeting unreasonable schedules at the sacrifice of employees lives. ", " It's bad. The managers are horrible. You are disposable because there is another temporary employee waiting to fill your spot. ", " Amazon.com is full of the best of the best. I learned something new every day and I am grateful for my time there. ", " dont like how the  break rooms where lik a mile from where you was working "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " a typical day at work was fun i step outside my comfort zone and learn new things ", " great company, people, culture. good benefits and salary  good management and people ", " i will never work there again  managers are always on at you hardley enough time to eat your lunch at breake ", " The only thing is you never have the chance to sit down. Pretty much all the time is standing and moving quick. ", " They grade you on everything you do, even knowing when you go to the restroom. ", " Amazon is an awesome place to work. the management staff is very open-minded. ", " co-workers and supervisers very friendly, fast paced job in which i love ", " I loved working for Amazon through SMX. However, there was no guarantee on job security. ", " Typical warehouse job.  Only have done one job there and it gets kind of boring after awhile. ", " Okay place to work at. Everyone wants to be in charge but not take responsibility. ", " good place to work, learn new stuff, some of the people are good to work with. ", " Management is always there to help you if needed. constant work. You're given time off to use any time you'd like. ", " A lot of work at Amazon very busy and a lot of different people you come in contact with ", " I loved working with everyone here. Loved unloading and receiving products ", " Work was Work position where I can utilize my excellent customer service skills and   strong organizational skills ", " fun place to work. nice area in seattle, advancement opportunities. flexible schedule. strong team ethics. ", " Working for Amazon.com through integrity was an awesome experience. A fun fast paced environment where you can advance. ", " amazon its excellent place for work u can learn and pick up lots of skills from there ", " Fun place to work But the only thing is walking all day you would be surprised how many miles you have walked that day. ", " Amazon has given me challenging responsibilities and that encouraged me to out-of-box. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " alot of moving you keep very buisy which makes the time go fast alot of oppertunities working for this company ", " Great Company to work for. great growth potential and great people. ", " Very fast paced and hectic at times. Good leadership but unrealistic production goals sometimes ", " Amazon is an incredible company to work for for fast paced innovative thinkers. ", " dont like the magement the money is rubbish for what u are doing overall not a very nice place to work ", " i learn how to pick and pack and stow preap record and resive the item ", " My day is not spent at Amazon. As a writer, I submit, I do not punch a clock. ", " Fun place to work but had to stand way to long. learned how to pack boxes efficiently and accurately. the best part about the job was leaving. ", " My job at amazon was a good job, it was a great experience which was fun and lots of hard working people there who helped each other. ", " Good place to work, lots of hours and great stock options. Fast paced work, seasonal overtime. ", " WORKED TEN TO TWELVE HOURS A DAY  AD TO GET THE PRODUCT OUT FOR XMAS RUSH ", " I enjoy being kept busy with tasks that are enjoyable (who doesn't?) and provide an opportunity for constant improvement. ", " I liked the energy, everyone was vey positive all the time, the managers were motivating and always had ansers to questions. Very fast-paced and days went by fast. ", " Besides the walking and lifting it was a preety decent job , it help me pay alot of peolpe back. ", " I worked there during the holidays and their ways of communication are horrible.  Their productivity expectations are ridiculous. ", " There is a big target to do and you cannot make mistakes. Some people are beastly, but you have a job all the time and you can do overtimes. ", " Stand on feet all day, do repetitive robotic tasks 10 hours a day with little breaks. ", " i loved the freedom that was given to me at Amazon.com, it was a relaxed fun work place. ", " I loved working at Amazon in ph8, the hardest part was when the items were coming down the line very fast with few people on the line. ", " very busy work place, kept on yr feet all day with half hour break "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I enjoyed working with others, fast pace, co-workers and management were very helpful when I was in training, the hardest part of the job was being cautious while throwing the linen into the laundry bags because we had to make sure there weren't any needles in the sheets and other linen and there was blood so we didn't want to get that on us either. ", " A typicaln work day would be getting up at 5am to be at work by 6:30am til 5pm. You would have to have lots of endurance to be able to stand 10hr shifts and work at a fast pace. I learned a lot about a warehouse job becuase it was my first experience with this type of employment. It was easy work but the hard part was being on your feet all those hours but you soon got used to it. Management did the best they could do and was overall okay. The co-workers sometimes complained a lot an got away with doing what they wanted to do. The hardest part of the job was the constant walking and standing. The most enjoyable part of the job was the pay the all the overtime that was required. ", " amazon is a great company to work for with a very friendly staff. management was easy to talk to .the most enjoyable part of the job was reporting to work every day .learned how to work in a diverse environment I also learned to accept constant change. my co workers were always really nice and lots of fun. ", " A typical day at Amazon.com consists of picking customers orders. ", " I would not recommend the Area Manager position to anyone. Senior leadership is horrible and they work you upwards of 90 hours per week. Very political environment. ", " When I was employeed at Amazon.com I was doing the over night shift and I loved it. I was constently doing somthing. My co-workers were always friendly and the job description was perfect for my needs since I like being on shape nd my job position included a lot of walking (up to 10-12 miles per night). I learned that the fastest you do the task the higher up you are on the scale and managers notice you. My managers were really friendly I had good friendships or may I say stable relationships with everyone in the wearhouse. I enjoyed the music playing and the constant interaction with every single person at the wearhouse. The only thing that would bother me is that the bathrooms were so far from the actual work place. ", " hated it. treated like slaves. a guff job avoid if possible. ", " great place to work would love to work there again you can learn as much as you want to ", " a Lot of work, not enough pay, my fun moment has been because of the people i worked with. ", " I was hired on worked with this company for pretty much 2 years through the temp service and then getting hired, didnt have many problems. ", " a lot of communication help and team work able to pick pack and stow needed to go punch in meet with manager and then start working ", " the site is not all that is was hyped to up to be..highly disappointed ", " Amazon was a place where you could always expect to have to work to do which was nice because just standing around does nothing. The managers at Amazon were exceptional, they made sure to check on employees and help them with anything they needed including instruction. The managers were very understanding and made sure that everyone was well informed on anything that was going on The hardest part of the job was making the rate that was required during peak when room was very limited. The most enjoyable part were the people I got to work with everyone was outgoing, caring and very friendly. I learned to keep working hard no matter whats going on because hard work pays off. ", " This is Amazon's motto. With 20% YOY growth, Amazon is in a constant state of flux. The hours are long. The saying goes- \"at Amazon, it is not a job, but a way of life\". Very safety oriented. ", " i worked night shifts which were quite different i expect to a afternoon or morning shift, learned quite alot regarding the packing side of things, and the management were quite helpful and really nice, co workers were amazing and the hardest part of job was standing in same spot for 8 hrs which in time got easier, also the 30 minute break was never enough by the time you queued to get out and searched you would have literally 15 mins to eat drink and get back to production line ", " Enjoyed the fast paced work and constant push from co workers/management. I learned to keep trying to achieve my goal no matter how big if I put my all into it I could acheive above average. Hardest paert would have been learning to work with the computer or printer when it was running slower than I was working. I enjoyed the most being able to take care of my son with every pay check and feeling like my hard work made a difference and help set records for the company. ", " My son was diagnosed with a heart condition on January 21st and most of our time since then has consisted of doctor appointments and trips to Pittsburgh to see specialist, etc....  What you may not know is this wonderful company that I worked for named Amazon.com was so sympathetic in our situation and was more than willing to help me fill out FMLA papers.....then all of a sudden on Friday I was called into the HR department because they just so happened to be going through my emails and discovered that two months ago I made a mistake. Not a mistake that hurt anyone and was easily corrected, but I guess was serious enough that they found the need to NOW fire me for. Yes.....now....right when I have had to miss work due to my sons illness and show the possibility to need to miss work in the future for appts and such. No verbal warning, No written warning, no final warning, i have never been in trouble for anything in the year and half that i have been there. Coincidence......I think not! ", " Management in Lab126 is heartless and absolutely pathetic.  Never would advise a friend to go there. ", " A typical day at Amazon is very tiring. I work from 6:45pm to 5:15 am and I am very achey and tired by the morning. Management is very nice and get the job done. They thank us for our hard work. The job itself is not hard but exhausting to do for 10 hours. The most enjoyable part of working at amazon is the people i have met that make my night so much better and keep a smile on my face. ", " Picking Items in large carts, traveling the items to the packers to get ready for shipments, and keeping up with rate. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Very busy days and used my wide range of experience for the benefit of the organization. ", " It is just a temp service, no hard work, loved all my co-worker. The best thing about the job is that you get a chance to be hired on to amazon. ", " Learn so many diverse things at work. Meet all kinds of people in area. Very systematic and continuous work. ", " Good Job just have to be mentally and physically strong. Drink enough water to feel hydrated and just do your best. ", " if you are a student I wouldn't suggest working there because its hard but it is a overall good place to work if you need extra cash. ", " A typical day of work would consist of shipping anywhere between 1000-1400 orders in 8 hours. ", " Amazon is a great, fast growing company to work for. There are few dull moments. ", " It's nice to work somewhere that my skills are valued and that I'm not just a number. ", " I have enjoyed my time at this job. I just do not feel the daily commute is worth it. ", " Its a fair company with high expectations 6363 Milcreek the most enjoyable part of the job is when they hold stand up meetings ", " when we get there the first thing we do is excersice later we go to our locations and we start scaning ", " A productive working environment that took out extensive long periods in your day. ", " always stayed busy, a repetitive workplace, I learned basically all the functions of operating in a warehouse, the most enjoyable part about the job was peak season. ", " It's a great place to pick up a quick job. It's a great way to build experience in areas I was unfamiliar. ", " For industrious I worked inside the Amazon building. Where i packed serveral items per hour , it was fast pace. i really enjoyed my time with Amazon ", " taking in returns getting them off palletsand entering in rf scanneri learned how to work rf scannerlooking up items and them not in the right place ", " A typical day at work is constant movement. The managers are all approachable. The hardest part is lifting heavy items. The best part is off season they VTO a lot. ", " fast pasted stay focused ever changing great people to work with always changing oher associates ", " I love working with new people. Always an opportunity to travel and experience new endeavors. ", " enjoyed helping people over the phone. also enjoyed my co workers, they were friendly and hardworking. Great company to work for. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I enjoy working for amazon. it is very fast paced especially since I went to shift AD01, always on the move. ", " Assisted manager with projects. Helped crew line with products and checked for damages and defects. ", " it was a good job to work at wish I had stayed there a little longer, although my assignment was seasonal I learned a lot ", " A typical day of work was a lot of walking. Helping our employees succeed on learning there job task. ", " use to box items and send them out so they could get to the person who bought it ", " Loved working for Amazon. Everyone is so friendly and fun.  Always went into work happy and left happy. Great company to work for. ", " The hardest part of this job is that you may have to walk up to 15-20 miles a day.  The best part is that your always working. ", " long day productive hardest part is you work nonstop but you get three days off work four during the week ", " Very hard on your feet, and fast environment that is congested to complete your job, but great pay ", " Had a good time walking around the warehouse meeting new people ", " interesting job with lot's of opportunities. learned how to stock and pack ", " First shift, was a great position and I wish it last longer.  I enjoyed all of the walking it was great exercise each day, I also loved the people. ", " I really learn allot from Amazon, the people is great to be around. ", " Learned about inventory, how inventory control and accuracy is important, quality of products and there importance. Its not a bad place to work. ", " Great company to work for is you stay at home, pay is low but work when you want. Non phone work. ", " Amazon / Integrity staffing solutions are very critical to the employees, always negative feedbacks, ", " I wouldn't recommend anyone with to the company. They don't care about the employees they only care about the work they can produce. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job is going home earlier than everyone else. That way I do not have to get stuck in the parking lot traffic.  ", " Very very corporate environment. Sometime people don't like to be treated like a robot. All in all not a bad place to work. ", " They will lie to you and tell you it's such a great place to work and put on this great presentation.  But once you get inside it's just one step above slave labor. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " dont like the magement the money is rubbish for what u are doing overall not a very nice place to work ", " i learnt alot in amazon with in a time frame. i would like to work with them again. ", " 10hrs everyday and you only work 4 days a week which is good. you get lot of overtime during their busy season ", " learned alot in different departments.came seasonal...still there 6 weeks later..i hope i get fulltime... ", " WORKED TEN TO TWELVE HOURS A DAY  AD TO GET THE PRODUCT OUT FOR XMAS RUSH ", " was seasonal work pleasant environment hardest part of the job was loading trucks the coworkers were nice ", " this is my favorite job i enjoy everyday working at amazon shaping items  that costumer order the picker job is a solo job that you walk and fiend the items and shaping it ", " I loved going to work and enjoyed the people I worked with.. because it was an assignment i was laid off.. I miss it everyday ", " just scan boxes. and on a time limit . alot of others on the floor , walking fast pace to get to the boxes to scan before tie runs out ", " I enjoyed my time with Amazon. I enjoyed working with my co-workers and the pay was good. ", " Basically, working at the \"associate\" level is absolute torture - UNLESS you make the right friends and are able to be \"labor tracked\" under an indirect function, or get promoted to a tier three position.  I started as a picker. From the first second, you are treated as if you are a complete idiot (and for good reason, as there are countless bird brains trudging through the mods both lifeless and numb). The job combines some of the most intense forms of mental torture into one hourly wage - isolation, silence, repetitive motion and strenuous exercise. I was never more miserable in my entire life.  One day, after about a month of work, I decided to set myself up to get fired by letting my rate fall and accumulate warnings, re-trainings and write ups over a month and eventually be walked out of the building. I started reading books and barely keept myself from getting thrown out the door for doing nothing. It was cool.   Somehow, by making the right friends I got invited to join the tote replenishment team - which I remain part of still. Tote replenishment is cool. You get a great workout, are able to have conversations while working and you actually feel like you did something during the day. I really actually enjoy it.   I also recently was told I could have a full time problem solve position if I wanted it, after working with them a few times during peak season. (Again, because I knew somebody).   If you have a tainted past, no ambition, unexpected children, or have simply just checked out of life, Amazon is a great place to work.   Also, I must add that if you ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> have no social skills you will almost certainly never get ahead at Amazon (whether it be a promotion, or be selected to perform an indirect function).  Be careful. ", " There is a big target to do and you cannot make mistakes. Some people are beastly, but you have a job all the time and you can do overtimes. ", " The managers and co-workers are great. It is a heavy work load during the holidays with extra over time. ", " I love Amazon! In fact, I love working in warehouses or any job that requires a lot out of me. I loved every moment of it. The experience was great. ", " worked hard, packing, stowing, picking, wracking pallets, you named it we were all trained too do the job. ", " Work was great. I learned to do payroll and taxes quarterly here. I also learned to keep spreadsheets for inventory. ", " i learn how to pick and pack and stow preap record and resive the item ", " I Learned How To Load And Unload A Truck . Fulfill A Shipment , Pack A Box Properly . I Learned That With Team Work You Can Reach All Goals. ", " This company is all about, working hard, having fun, and making history. Overall a good company to work for. ", " Solving problems, looking for missing items and helping out in different departments. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " excellent company to work for, nice folks and high impact and interpersonal communications is required. ", " start the day with a briefing, find out what you was doing that day. management were strict but fair.co-workers were friendly. ", " Not all bad. Just a lot of favoritism and horrible hours. I'm a student so the hours are just too much for me. ", " got a lot done working for amazon and learned different systems to use when shipping and receiving orders also pulling and picking ", " Great People very professional, great incentives, fun environment, TV's and Internet access in all Break rooms. I learned leadership, Teamwork and Integrity. the Most enjoyable would have to be my co workers everyone got a long so well. The hardest Part would have to be the standing for 12 hours straight. ", " opportunity to learn the inside operations of a very large company. ", " management has been compromised due to friendships and alianses. ", " I really enjoyed working at Amazon. It was very productive and effective workplace. All my co-workers got along great!!!There really wasnt a hard part of the job to me. The most enjoyable part was working for a company that really appreciated their workers and the work we put forth each and every day. ", " *On your feet moving around at a rapid pace *What I learned is how to be better warehouse worker *We barely saw management throughout the day especially when working hard all day *Co-workers are all participants in helping each other on a daily basis *Staying active on your feet all day with out many breaks can give some serious wear &amp; tear *Knowing that you are apart of the company &amp; someone receiving their package in the mail, on time ", " I did many things at Amazon and didnt get the credit that I deserved. ", " I was a problem solver and back up lead. My days were very busy and enjoyable.I learned all aspects of factory productivity with safety and customer service as top priority.Interaction with management and co-workers was wonderful. I enjoyed all of my duties. ", " A typical day you clock in then you go to your stand up area for your first half meeting. Yours second half meeting is after lunch. I learned the warehouse business. Great place to start for your first warehouse job. Management can be uneasy, tends to go for the associates who are outgoing. The hardest part of the job will be working walking for ten hours. The most enjoyable part of the job is fullfilling the customers order. ", " A typical day at Amazon as a Order Picker is hard work. You are on your feet for 10hrs+ , you have a 30min lunch break, with two 15min breaks. You're constantly speed walking back and forward from aisle to aisle, 1st to 2nd to 3rd floor , pallet land to library, kneeling, climbing on ladders to reach the top of the shelves, etc. Somedays it's cold, and somedays it's extra hot. You get sick working there due to all the dustiness. The management of their company is terrible, the higher power plays favoritism. You will come across a few loyal co-workers, most of them are rude and messy ( drama ). The hardest part about this job is being on your feet for 10hrs+ .Every Friday (payday) is the only enjoyable part about this job. ", " I been working for Amazon for long time it's easy place to work but managers and leader ship is week and unfair to the other workers co-workers were ok the most enjoyable part of the job was doing nothing all day long ", " It was a great place to work and I earned good money just couldn't balance it with my school schedule. There was little advancement. ", " A day at work would be lots of walking,bending over, foot stoles, and pushing carts. ", " its ok. pay sucks managment is a joke. Dont give a s*** about their employees. Benefits are the only thing keepin me put. ", " A daily routine was to be quickly learned when working with Amazon. I learned how to have a great work ethic and how people work so hard for the extra dollar. Co-workers were great, many people were not from around Phoenix, so you got a really good culture mix at work which always kept things interesting. The hardest part of the job was getting into the routine. Most enjoyable was the wages I earned and the people I got to work with. ", " At amazon every day is different, some days are harder than others. I have learned many a things while at Amazon, customer returns &amp; how the supplies supply Amazon with the products are one of many. The management team are good, they help you tell you everything you need to know and try and help you succeed. The hardest part of the job for me is on customer returns which is what I am on at the moment, you have to be careful as one mistake could lead to a customer getting a damaged item so you have to make sure you check it when it comes back and make sue its in sellable condition, The most enjoyable is being able to in a nice environment due to co-workers and how everybody is around eachother, nice place to work in. ", " Amazon is a very customer centric company. A typical day at work can be stressfull. Management has so many different ways of getting the same job done. The overall moral of my co-workers have considerably went down since we first started in october. The hardest part of my job is adapting to the fact that they are very disorganized. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Worked there for 4 years, fun if you get on a good team. Others can work you to the bone. ", " Amazon metrics drive wholesalers to satisfy the Amazons brand promise ", " was a ok place to work but was physically exhausting and would put a strain on my day to day life. ", " it was hard work but it was bearable due to the comforting work enviorment provided ", " Amazon is a great place to work. It's customer focused and strong on ownership and leadership. ", " A paycheck is the only thing anyone works there. They talked down about you and to you. ", " Arrange work for associates to reach target goals. Leadership skills. ", " Fast Paced Environment  Best Technology. Not the place to work if you don't want to compete. ", " A lot of rules but overall a nice place to work. Very friendly people and management ", " they are not that nice to work for because you make one mistake and they have a right go at you. ", " Days went by fast. People were nice and friendly. Not alot of pressure and there was always something to do. ", " It was a good job while it lasted, I liked it a lot but it was only seasonal ", " Payment are to small, co-workers pushing you around. Long hours an seasonal work only. ", " Recieving allocated items ready for other workers to pack. Over all enjoyed working here. ", " good days off but hard to get a permanent position. security at door everymorning ", " -Super work performance in productivity, quality, safety and excellent customer service experience. ", " Great for short term. Hard laboring and not good for those who aren't in shape. ", " enjoyed working here its a past pace job with a lot of different people ", " Great management team, very helpful. Good work company to grow with. A lot of team projects, very hands on. ", " Poor treatment of associates. Overbearing with rates and production quotas. good opportunity for advancement. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Stand up meeting to begin the shift where manager talks about the work flow and amount of work expected for the shift. Then head to our stations and begin scanning items and placing them in the corresponding slots for orders. The hardest part of the job is not knowing if you'll have a job when you come into work. There is alot of laying off and instability. They send people home early almost daily due to the lack of work for everyone to do. The most enjoyable part of the job would be the simplicity of the job itself. There's nothing to it and its the same everyday, you just have to maintain speed. ", " LONG 10HOUR WORK SHIFTS ONLY 30 MIN LUNCH AND 2 15MIN BREAK NICE PLACE TO WORK. YOU MUST REACH THE RATE OF 100 PERCENT EACH NIGHT OR YOU GET A WRITE UP. ALOT OF WALKING AND STANDING THE WHOLE SHIFT 12 TO 15 MILES OF WALKING EACH NIGHT. VERY EASY JOB ", " A typical day at the Amazon warehouse included daily stretching with my peers and working to meet the night's goals. The members of the management team were very good at encouraging us through the shift and rewarding us for meeting quotas. The hardest part of working at Amazon was the mandatory 11 hour night shifts, but it was also the most enjoyable because we were all excited to work hard and meet all of our goals before our time ran out. ", " i loved working at amazon.com i never knew what the day was going to hold. I loved the people that i worked with. The only thing about this is during winter hours you can pull up to 60 hours a week. ", " A typical day was taking phone calls from customers that needed help with their kindles. I learned alot about kindles and how to do troubleshooting. Management was great. They were all easy to work with and always had a solution. Since everything was in a virtual setting, it was hard to really get to know my co-workers, however, when I was able to interact with them, they were all great people. The hardest part of the job was trying to learn all the technical part of doing tablets and phones that had the kindle app on them. To me the most enjoyable part of the job was talking to my customers and treating them like friends. ", " The work is steady and can have its slow days and its busy days, you start on a temporary contract and can be given a permnant contract ", " +Kind of the same thing every night. Only difference is how much packing each different night offered. +I learned I catch on quick to packing and the small loopholes that help keep you at the job. +Management was very cool and I could tell the paid attention to who was quick and who wasn't. +My co-workers are awesome and cool to work with. +Hardest part of the job sometimes was making sure the conveyer didn't cram up because of too many packages on there at once. +Most enjoyable part of the job for me was being sent on occasion to different walls to pack off them cause it they had a lot of work, and my supervisors knew I could do it quick and efficiently. ", " At Amazon i would typically go in and all of us employees would be assigned to a specific line, either by ourselves or in a team, to pack and ship various items. It was a very fast paced job but the days went fast and production was high. The management was very professional but still fun at the same time, as well as the majority of coworkers. Everyone got along very well which made the days nice. The hardest part of the job I think was getting up early, I have almost always worked second shifts and it was much different getting up at dawn. I loved the atmosphere there though and how fast the days went with good pay. They also played a good variety of music while we worked which made the day much more enjoyable. ", " my role at amazon was either to pack ship or manual slam those are the things i learned at amazon and i was relly good at them the management were greatand very helpful when needed the hardest part of the job was to keep your targets up even when your ask to do many different jobs and the most enjoyable part of that job was working with my friends and just doing a good job ", " Amazon has a very healthy and happy culture. They live to their \"work hard, have fun, make history\" slogan. Working at amazon has taught me a great deal in perseverance, coping under a great deal of stress. It has taught me flexibility. It has also taught me to live life and to have fun while being productive.  The hardest part of the job for me would have been working 11 hour shifts overnight for 4 days in a row. It had taken it's toll on me. The vibe at work and the togetherness and family-like culture, however, made it enjoyable to be at work. ", " - The typical day at work was always busy, I always came to work with something to do. There was every few times where i was sent home due to no work. - I learned how to tolerate people a lot more, my leadership skills has improved and also i learned how to operate an Electric Forklift. - Being able to work with my co-works was the highlight of working at Amazon. - taking orders from managers that contradict one other. Was not every easy being told to do something by one person then told to do something totally opposite by another. - Being able to enjoy my time with co-works. ", " When there was lack of work, or mechanicial or power failure, we recceived no down time to help with our rates. If the bins were full we could not make rate either. ", " The hours were okay, but waking up at 5.30 to go to work at 7 isn't great. The agency who hired me to work at Amazon were helpful in organizing holiday pay and other things, however, I'd often get to work and be sent home instantly due to the fact there was no work, I think there should've been better communication between management and workers. I got along with most of my work colleagues and noticed that there was often a friendly work environment. ", " very busy work place, kept on yr feet all day with half hour break ", " I enjoyed working in Amazon Port Talbot it gave me so much confidence and experience to work in the environment I would like to thank all the ambassitors for their help for me to work there. ", " picking orders working to deadlines working as part of a team working to a high level of health and saftey ", " Working for Amazon.com was such a great experience for me. I loved it, it was a consistent amount of hours and a set schedule every week. They have amazing culture for the company being as big as they are, they strive to provide an amazing environment and amazing training for their associates so that they in turn can provide the best customer service to their customers. I loved working there as I have said before, unfortunately I had to resign from my position so that I could finish my school. They try to be very flexible for school and their employees to continue their education but you can only do so much while working around a schedule for school. I would definitely go back to Amazon.com if I was given the opportunity. ", " The coworkers were very friendly, picking was fun too sometimes but I need better variety otherwise its boring. ", " i enjoy working with amazon. my coworkers are fun loving people. the management trys hard to keep us engaged thru the long nights ", " A day at Amazon consists of a fast paces environment, where associates and members of management in all departments work together to fulfill customer orders. The most enjoyable part of my job is working with different people everyday. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " was a ok place to work, doesnt do much hiring on good breaks, clean place, normal days work ", " They have many product offers and contests. They encourage healthy work environment. I enjoyed when they would cater lunch. Yummy! The hardest part was keeping my numbers up. ", " When I start work I always want to do my best and show what I can achieve. Within 5 weeks I was made a Ambassador and still wanting to learn more. I work well to targets and deadlines and achieve my goals. Improvements can be made but needs to be taken to highest level within the company to make the business thrive. I made a couple of thoughts to help the company be more efficient. I always thought that being efficient gives more to productivity and I do my best to see this within any company I work for. ", " I loved the job a lot but unfortunately the only downside to it was the fact of it being seasonal only. the work was fulfilling, and the co-workers and managers were very team oriented and friendly. The hardest part of the job was also the most fun since we were being timed and posted on how fast our stocking speed was. ", " Amazon pay is great, but when it come to everything else they need to work on a lot of area. The human resource dept is the worst i know at this company. They all talk about each and everyone in this company will throw under the bus. The General manager is the wost one in this company, he will walk around and make the employee life miserable. if you dont go along with what they want, you will be railroad out of this company, no one is on your side with this company. They company spread lies. Worst company i ever work for ", " Started out on order picker where i got items out of the racks to get ready for shipping.Did that everyday for about three and half months.Then got moved over to rr reach where i was pulling pallets off the racks.They called it team liftbecause i had a partner who help me pick up the heavy items.Toughest part was getting forks inside the pallets fast and safe getting the items downs with out anything falling off.This being challenging as it was i learned to use my partner eyes as well as mine to safely secure everything.Seeing my production rate higher than 100% 98.7percent of the time was nice.and management showed there appreciation by giving out rewards ", " A typical day at amazon was to count what was stowed. I learned a lot because I did not work in a warehouse before and it was a learning experience. I enjoyed it very much. I had no issues with management in fact they were very helpful. The co-workers were fun to be around. The hardest part of the job was the bending,stooping,and walking for this warehouse was the size of 3 football fields. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting all the people you worked with. ", " It's all about who you know, however the pay is ok if you're only using company as a stepping stone to bigger and better things. ", " it is hard to get onboard with Amazon and once you do you work hard at a very fast pace. Managers are judged by the number of peak seasons they have survived. they burn you out fast but they reward you very well and it is great to have Amazon on your resume. Great team spirit, tons of pride and an unbelievable sense of accomplishment. ", " loved the job co-workers and all was great to work with would tell anyone if they where looking for a good sessonal job amazon would be a great place. ", " I would perform every function in running the business as I was the owner and only employee. I would acquire/purchase items for resale then list/sell the items online. I would also perform accounting functions as well as shipping/packaging the items. Every duty entailed in running an online business I performed myself. ", " I loved going to work and enjoyed the people I worked with.. because it was an assignment i was laid off.. I miss it everyday ", " I love working for the company and wish I had a permanent position that grants me security. I have learned so much more about myself and the variety of people that I worked with. I have became patient, patient and customer obsessed. The management here at Amazon was very well structured and are excellent in all they do. The hardest part of the job was taking multiple chats with two challenging customers at the same time. I enjoy the culture, the people, atmosphere, management and the free things we got from time to time. ", " Amazon has a really good atmosphere to work in. It's a company that values their employees and the employees love their job. The leads work really hard to help people get good metrics. Co-workers are very helpful. Hardest part of the job is dealing with customers that are screaming and not letting you try to help resolve the problem. ", " Just not a place for a people person. No one really talks to each other. Co- workers are always friendly tho. Management is alright a little more improvement is needed to not be unfair. I enjoyed streaching everyday. ", " Again, very physical &amp; very regimented! Young &amp; inexperienced management. Training Training is over-simplified &amp; not thorough at all! There's a lot of \"passing the buck!\" Enjoy &amp; like my co-workers very much..... ", " Learned to take charge went it's needed, co-workers were great and always had a good laugh with them. Hardest part was getting motivated for work when starting at 6am, although I managed to learn to get motivated. ", " very productive company. i liked it very much. i would reccomend it to anyone who wanted a warehouse job. ", " If you are working as a warehouse employee, not sure, but if you are considering working in Seattle's headquarters beware!!! They are horrible, rude, don't care about anything but the bottom line, some bosses are so degrading towards their employees, specially in Ops. No family culture at all, most people there are single or not with kids. The company is sooooooooo cheap (some prefer to call it \"frugal\"). No Christmas party (only a \"Holiday\" party sometime in January- who the hell wants to celebrate anything in January?? I'm all for the \"casual\" to work environment, but some people go to work looking like homeless dudes!! stinking and I'm sure I've seen some of them literally with their pjs and slippers! If you try to dress up nicely (casual chic) they look at you with evil eyes! its like they want everyone to look grunge! hello? the 90s are gone!! There are better companies out there that offer a better work environment! ", " Typical work day included picking items from inventory in order to meet quota. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " always something to do,great co-workers,make sure your flexible in your schedule ", " you was isolated counting inventory. the hardest part was having to be to your self for 10 hours a day ", " opportunity to learn the inside operations of a very large company. ", " nice place to work, learned alot of skills but alot harder as in shifts and people working there, not all friendly ", " amazing. I loved the people and the culture. Great benefits! ", " Awesome people to work with. I learned a lot about c++/java/software design there. ", " Amazon is a great place to work. They are a customer centric kind of business which is why they make millions. ", " It was a good place to work, but there wasn't a lot of opportunity for advancement. ", " they treat you like rubbish and management so weak they don't have a clue on what they are doing ", " I like the environment at work and the way the management team refer to associates. ", " Poor management. Management had no idea what was really going on there.  Scary how its run ", " There is a lot of walking. I learned about new items and the people who work there are supportive and fun. ", " It was a lot of walking to pull and process orders but overall I really enjoyed my experience there. ", " Great workplace, innovation and development is at the forefront ", " The constant focus on statistics and your unit per hour rate makes it an unenjoyable work atmosphere. The management team care more about your production value than your individual value to the company. There are too many restrictions and policies to follow as well. For example, if you are placed in a certain department, you are stuck there for a 90 day period until you can transfer to another position elsewhere. During this 90 day period, if you are given any write-ups, you can not transfer until they have been taken off the record which takes another 30 days per write-up. Therefore, if you are better at another position, you can not transfer and your performance will suffer. It is a shame because the health plan and other benefits are great but are not worth the hassle of having so many people constantly watching your every move. It gives it an \"Office Space\" feel to it but instead of T.P.S. reports they hound you about your rate. You will feel more like a machine than a person after a while. The 15 minute break times are a joke as well because the facility is so incredibly huge it takes some time to get back to your station and log back in making it really a 10 minute break instead. ", " Generally a good job. good benefits. co-workers are nice and helpful. management is better than most ", " Good people to work with.   Had good times when production was moving. ", " It was fun, met new customers and was able to expand myself with interactions each day ", " At the time. That i worked at amazon i felt that there was no stability there. ", " Great people to work with and great Human Resource department. People willing to help each other. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " At the beginning of the day we start will the morning standup stretches. We talk about what the plan is for today. I learned that there is a lot of trust in you to get your job done without the manangement team worring at the end of the shift if the job is complete. My co-workers are fun but hard workers first. We work together to help one another succeed in the workplace. There is no hard point in the job. I liked being able to do different departments and see how different management team run there teams. ", " typical day in work would be learning somthing new everyday ", " team work.Counted and verified orders to be stocked. Cleaned, scanned, packed, and labeled outgoing orders. Exceeded customer product expectations by going above and beyond ensuring the accuracy of my work ", " Working for Amazon is a little like signing up for the gym. You're pledging to walk 20+ miles a day, to lift as much as 50+ pound items, and to cart them around several different warehouses. Nothing about it is easy, especially when it's anywhere from 80-100 degrees at all times. You don't see many people, you're on hard concrete flooring, or up to four floors above the rest of the workplace. You're also timed, so there isn't any of this stopping to smell the flowers business. It's go go go, or the supervisor is coming after you with the demand to get back to it. If you're a self-motivator, it's pretty rewarding. You're on your own 99% of the time and hey! You get to look at cool stuff all day. If you can handle working yourself to the point of overexertion and self-injury, it's a good place. Just don't get mad when you walk past the office - sweat dripping down your face and panting for breath - when you see the managers with their feet propped up in the air conditioning. ", " i learn how to pick and pack and stow preap record and resive the item ", " As a picker at Amazon I had a quota that needed to be met every night. Within this position I had to walk up to twenty miles a night, lifting over fifteen pounds. ", " A typical work day was strenuous but enjoyable. Was pleased with the atmosphere and set up. ", " long hours but great pay as much as overtime as possible. i love it ", " Everyday, 10 hours of being on foot, moving up and down a huge warehouse at a quick and reasonable pace, with 50+ pounds of totes on a cart, to stock items on shelves. I've learned to work under a goal oriented based job, meaning everyday was the pressure of meeting the companies particular quantity rate by the hour. Being that i am a quick learner, it became an easy task, and it was rather fun to me. Management was strict, but in that type of work based environment, it was understandable. They were all about getting the job done. Co-workers that I surrounded myself with, all shared the goal of who can move the most units per hour by then end of the day, but we only spoke on our breaks and checking our rates by the hour. It made it fun for us. Nothing really difficult about the job, very simple task, you just have to be built to work in that environment. Great job. ", " I enjoyed to work at amazon, and be involved in peek season. I enjoyed to help get many Christmas presents to children everywhere on time to continue the magic in their life. ", " I loved working for Amazon through SMX. However, there was no guarantee on job security. ", " Working in Amazon.com was a greatest experience I have ever had I learned how to be a part of big team also I was trained to highest level of picking and packing.Everything was really modern and technologies helped us to work very fast.Team leaders were allways around and they were really helpfully as well. ", " this job is great for NEW to the workplace employees, they give you a chance to make something of yourself and you get paid great for it! ", " as a employer I thought the company In all were just OK I loved working there but job security is not very good seems all you the in the place is a no ", " long days, hard hours on concrete. Good pay and no benefits. They pay for your site, that is helpful. ", " It was a nice place to work everyone spoken to everyone.That first it was hard because it was so busy and i didn't know what to do but in the end it got so much easier. The most enjoyable part of the job was making new mates. ", " Major turnover rate, peer review policy plus discarding bottom of the bell curve every year makes it a good place to pick up experience but not a long term employment option. ", " Amazing company to work for. Nothing negative to comment on ", " Job was not complicated. Very fast paced. Very demanding. As long as you are willing to work your butt off, you will do well here. ", " Well trained and empowered to deal with your custoemr's. Great support and never belittled. Just wish they had more jobs in the Edinburgh area, as a must be place to work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " the plant is very proffessional and the training is excellent saftey is a top prioritie and you are provided all the saftey equipment ,staff on hand is available for any concerns you have and it really is a good introduction to the fast paced world of outbound pakage express buisness.the hours are late night and it is a physical taxing , they have a good startup program of stretching and a daily update of the routine s and safty concerns ,the employees are all very helpful and the management is always ready to answer any questions,it a self starters day of filling the gaps and find a spot but the pace is very quick and you have to learn fast, ", " typical day was a quick meeting about the shift,then its picking items for different customers.I learnt how to setup and use a scanner and read the different lables and i realised i can do different kinds of work.The management were nice and helpful so were my co workers there was not a hard part of the job but i did enjoy keeping busy and the lunchs. ", " a very hard position to keep but overall its easy to become attached like family to your coworkers. the managers were easy to get along with and helped out when crunch time came. the most enjoyable part of the job was the holiday parties and picnics. the hardest part was making the rate when they change them. ", " A typical day at work is getting to work 10 minutes before and get ready to start work. ", " It was a great place to work i met a lot of amazing people. The hardest part of the job was getting up at 4am 6 days a week but i really enjoyed it. ", " i loved working at amazon the managers and co-workers are very nice and friendly towards you, if you need help with anything they are there to help you at all times. ", " we came to know about diff. items and books etc. co.workeers are friendly.fun at work place,the hardest part is to be fast in picking. ", " Amazon requires to much unnecessary things. The people I worked with were great but the rate system and management is unbelievable. ", " it was a nice place to work air conditioned building friendly people managers are helpful at times ", " At the start of your shift, your area manager with give you a work summary letting you know what and how many items were due out on your shift.The work was easy to master.The only thing that certain people may find hard is standing for the whole of your shift.You only have 1 half hour break per shift (even if working overtime) and sometimes it takes 5-10 minutes to get through security.Everyone who holds a Ambassador or Manager position are very helpful.Packing was my most enjoyable position. ", " My typical night at work would be competitive the first few ours,because of our rate policy.I learned how to use a RF Scanner,the workplace was friendly &amp; helpful.Sometimes the hardest part of my position could be to make rate depending on the objects your stowing away.My most enjoyable part was meeting a diversted group of people &amp; being able to work with them. ", " It was a face paced job that I enjoyed alot. There are so many workers thou, that it is hard to know who your manager was. ", " Its a Job, but not one that you could turn into a career, most don't get noticed let alone promoted. The pay is good and decent benifits ", " My day would start at 6;30am. I would get the 7:30am train to Cork and then get the bus from Cork bus station to the Airport Business Park. Work started a 9pm and finished at 5pm. My work shift changed monthly and I was often required to start later and finish later depending on what shift I had been allocated.  I provided telephone and email customer service support to customers based in the UK &amp; Ireland. I learned how to respond to customer contacts in a timely and accurate manner in line with company service levels and how to work to team and individual goals for response times, always aiming for the highest standard of Customer Service.  Management were always professional and honest when dealing with employees providing a great deal of training to achieve the highest levels of customer support.  My co-workers were friendly and helpful. I could always approach them for help if there was an issue that I couldn't resolve myself.  The hardest part of the job was dealing with abusive/agressive customers. All contact I had with the customer was either through phone or email contact. I felt that some customers would say things over the phone or in an email which they would never dream of saying to someone if speaking with them face to face. Sometimes these customers had a reason to be irate, sometimes not,but trying to calm these customers down and resolve their problem was the most difficult part of the job.  The most enjoyable part of the job was the receiving the paycheck on a Friday :). Besides this, I enjoyed seeing how the logistical aspect of a major multinational corporation ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> such as Amazon operated. ", " Outbound Dock, Picking, Transship, Stowing. Alot of work, great teamwork, definitely worth working at. ", " RIC2  the typical workload at Amazon really wasnt too bad, only a lot of moving around. the 2 biggest problems i had, were the other employees, and management. the way i see it, Amazon aims to hire people with lower intelligence so they can move them around more and sometimes do things theyre not supposed to, and not get caught with it. i met several people who ended up going over 60 hours a week because they couldnt manage it properly, as well as a few people whom i honestly had to question whether they could read or not.  there was one guy i was working with, his wife went into labor while he was working, and amazon didnt tell him about it. he literally got off work to find out he had a child, and his wife had to deliver alone without him at his side for comfort.  i was also refused sick leave after getting a back injury, an injury i continued to work with for a month. im still dealing with back spasms.  another thing: we were all garuanteed 40 hours worth of pay every week. after peak season ended, theyre only getting half of that.  overall, if youre looking for a short term job that pays well, this is a good oppritunity. but dont expect to be treated right for long. Amazon does not care about you or your life, only the fact that you can play the role of a worker ant. im not sure how RIC1 is, or any other locations either, but as it stands, RIC2 is sub-par at best. i personally quit as soon as i had the chance. ", " It is really hard to be tied to a chair for 8-10 hrs a day, especially when all you get is phone calls from angry people. Aside from breaks, lunch, and limited personal time, you can't move at all. In a normal office setting at least you get to move around to make copies and such. I only hung around one quarter, but boy was it rough. Becoming permanent is also hard and its do or die by metrics. ", " Human Resources/Operations Manager   Manage timekeeping system for full time and temporary associates   Identify, track and reconcile missing punches   Ensure proper coding for time for all associates   Attend weekly performance counseling meeting   Maintain proper level of counseling path for temporary and full time associates   Provide all reports for upper management   Assist with all daily employee needs   New Hire Onboarding/Orientations   New Hire/ Random Drug Testing   Excellent Human Resource Management Skills   Health, Vision and Dental benefits, 401K , Workers Compensation, FMLA, LOA / Personal Medical leave.   Excellent Computer Knowledge ", " Amazon has a great atmosphere and it has very laid backday to day culture. Management is usaually very friendly and approachable. ", " My typical day I scan and look at custome order to make sure the item they order are not damage then I pack package that customer order to be shiped out.My work has a rate we have to have so many package out in a hour. I have learn how to do a lot more on the computer.I have been a part of a team on training new people.I have work with a lot great people.i have work in proble solve kick outs.Working with all kind of people. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The job is fast paced and works consistently with global orgs. The management is scattered and targets are always moving. It is very difficult to know what is expected. ", " The most enjoyable part of my job was being able to travel to various facilities to train new representatives of the company. ", " Working as a team member for everyone to get the quota done as planned. ", " It isnt a walk in the park. The first week will be your make it or break it point. my co-workers were amazing. We kept each other uplifted. the hardest part is the strain on your body. The most enjoyable part is making it a competition. ", " Picked, packed, stowed, line-loaded &amp; various other tasks Management were firm but fair. Co-workers all worked like drones, as so did I Hardest part? Stowing Most enjoyable? Whizzing around a large warehouse picking people's online orders. ", " I had an amazing time working for this company. Unfortunately i was under a temp agency and was let go after peak season was over. I was cross trained in two different departments. The hardest part of the job was finding space to put everything (i was a stower). I met many new and interesting people with many different nationalities, religions, beliefs, and personalities. ", " LOVED THE ENVIRONMENT, THE DEADLINES, THE SEASONAL RUSH ...FINALLY, I FOUND A JOB THAT MATCHED MY ENERGY !!! ", " As an Amazon vendor through the Northwest center I am responsible for checking in guest, distributing employee badges, handling crisis situations, and more. ", " You will be working very hard at amazon or you will be fired, plain and simple. Its an easy job to do, but its boring and monotonous. Co-workers are great and I've made quite a few friends through Amazon. The management is hectic and there seem to be too many managers with not enough communication between them. They have a inside hiring process for most jobs, but its very flawed. The hardest part is easily most of the jobs are so repetitive that you just feel like a machine, you are not challenged at all. The best part is that I've lost quite a lot of weight working so hard though. ", " I really enjoy working as a sub contractor for this company. ", " Amazon is a really nice company to work for in Cape Town if you have very little to no work experience and not a very strong formal qualificatio. The majority of the business in Cape Town is Customer Service, so it is not ideally suited for really individuals who come from a tertiary background. THe room for growth is nice but ainly within the customer service space. Other than the affore mentioned, Amazon is a really great place to work for, the culture is amazing, and you won't find a better place to work when you just start your working career. Everyone is really engaging, helpful and friendly, which all contributes to really relaxed and easy working environment. ", " For someone leaving the Military, Amazon was a good place to go. They aggressively recruit and find new talent. It made finding my job here very easy. The base salary is a good wage and if you plan on sticking around, the stocks and bonuses are very good. The company does grow every year so there are new opportunities elsewhere in the company if you are willing to move.  There is a revolving door for both managers and hourly associates. The leadership structure is extraordinarily flat, leaving almost no room for promotion for the hourly associates. As for managers, a lot of their aggressive recruiting currently is focused almost entirely on MBA students who enter at the base management level and then get auto-promoted on a semi regular basis. This is as long as they don't screw anything up too bad.  The 401K plan is terrible. It matches 1/2% up to 4% (in other words you put up 4% and get only 2% match). You are only vested in the plan after 3 years which is longer than the average young professional stays at a single job. When the annual review comes around and compensation is increased, it is always at the cost of another pay. So if you get more base pay, you get less in bonus or stocks and vice versa. The only way to make more then what you are currently making is to get promoted. As somebody on this site already mentioned, the only way for this to happen is to work so much and long that senior management feels sorry for you.  The company also somehow manages to mess up the ramp up to the holiday season every year. Even though we have multiple planning meetings before and ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> after peak, we are not able to staff correctly. It is mostly due to the companies unwillingness to have one extra employee rather than be short by 10. This leads to managers and associates alike getting burnt out during peak.  Advice to Senior Management \u2013 Advice to Senior Management  Communicate with your associates more. Rethink not having more intermediate leadership positions. These associates who fill new slots will get valuable leadership experience and will be monetarily compensated for their more difficult work. Then they might take more pride in their jobs and they will do them better. It could also lead to more internal promotions. ", " I really love my job, but the hours are very long and its redundent work day in and day out. You spend more time at this job than with your own family. I get to learn alot in my department, but the advancement part of it needs lots of work. I do enjoy the unlimited amount of overtime because thats the only way some of us will survive.. ", " The West Columbia warehouse is so focused on hitting numbers that they completely ignore quality and concern for safety. The company as a whole claims to promote advancement but seem to be only interested in hiring past military personnel (nothing against the military--thank you for your service) and recent college graduates. This puts the rest of us at a disadvantage. ", " IT WAS VERY UP BEAT CONSISTANT WORK FLOW...BUT THE MANAGEMENT ONLY CARES ABOUT THEMSELVES...ALOT OF THE PERMANENT WORKERS TAKE THEIR JOB FOR GRANTED AND PART-TIME WORKERS DO MOST IF NOT ALL THEWORK. LOVED WORKING FOR THE COMPANY. ", " It is very hard to keep up with the numbers that are required. ", " Working as a picker, I was on my feet all the time -- for a very long period of time.I found it a lot more fun once I got my PIT license and could do air picking. Walking around for 12 hours at a time is for the birds....Either way, you get a lot of exercise, and, especially during peak, there is a lot of opportunity for overtime. The area managers are great to work with and very supportive of their team. The senior management, however, are generally very standoffish - especially if you're working for their staffing agency and haven't converted over to a regular Amazon employee. As a whole, they are all big sticklers for quality and speed. Safety too - but that's understandable. They're very unforgiving with their point system and clocking in and out on time. The breaks are very short. Senior management likes to lurk in the aisles, especially their safety guys, looking for reasons to write people up - especially if you're holding your scanner while pushing a cart, pushing the cart the wrong way, backing out of an aisle with your cart or on a PIT, trivial stuff like that. I don't think there was a lot of planning put into this facility from an equipment or logistics standpoint because from that aspect it was a nightmare during Christmas peak. People were constantly waiting around for empty carts to use and getting yelled at because they weren't looking hard enough for carts that weren't even available. Obviously they have some planning issues to work out - they really seem to be making a lot of stuff up as they go - but it's an alright place to work if you want or need to do ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> something in the interim of doing something else. Also, don't count on working a certain amount of hours any given night, they're liable to ask for a whole bunch of people to VTO right after the shift has started if they're low on work. ", " Baptism by fire-- you will work hard, learn a ton, and appreciate a slice of free pizza as if it were the $5k holiday bonus you don't receive. ", " nice job , just stuck in a warehouse all day or all night. Manager and everyone very nice, but alot of things have to be speedy no slow moving at all. ", " A typical day we would run errands around the wearhouse &amp; retrienve merchandise for the customer. I learned to pack up customers merchandise and how to be a team player in such a big organization. My co-workers was one of my motivations of coming to work being as though i always looked forward to seeing new people. Hardest part of the job was keeping up on my pace. Most enjoyable part was my paycheck! "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " The place is massive and you get written up all the time for not running full speed across the place to keep your time off task at a minimum ", " most enjoyable part of the job is the paychecks. hardest part of the job is being on your feet for a constant 10 to 12 hours. ", " A typical day Repetitive work Not very good communitation co- workers friendly Coming into work ", " A typical day at work would be working like a slave. i would walk miles a day and i would be so exhausted ", " loaded trucks and secured trailers for shipment. Learned several things for working loading docks and stacking pallets. had to leave due to lay-offs ", " got a lot done working for amazon and learned different systems to use when shipping and receiving orders also pulling and picking ", " The job is really fast pace so you always are kept busy. You receive your breaks on time and the managers and PAs help you when you need it. ", " Good place to work good life and work balance, pay isn't bad really. ", " just scan boxes. and on a time limit . alot of others on the floor , walking fast pace to get to the boxes to scan before tie runs out ", " My experience at amazon was a learning process in how to make production rate and learn all about safety. ", " Great experience partnering with Amazon! There is support and opportunity at every corner. ", " i was a wonderfull place nice team and a i have a great time intihis company with a big family ", " I enjoyed working there its just unfortunate I had to leave because I was not able to work gravyards ", " Great people, hard but fun work place. They care about there workers and want everybody to succeed. ", " A typical day at work would be helping pack and scanning barcodes and helping people if they took to many items or having a problem in general. ", " This is a very fast paced job that required a lot of time.It is a great faced pace work environment with plenty of opportunities to grow ", " i wish i could work here again i love this job more then any job ive ever worked no other job will ever compare to amazon ", " I learned to be quick and on my feet, My co-workers were friendly and helpful. I learned alot about the factory the line. ", " Benifets were awsome. great health care. Managment wasnt nice. The friends you make is what makes the job worth while. ", " It is a a job not for the weak. You must be dedicated to working hard. It is a good company to work for i just ha an injury and they would not let me return. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I enjoy helping people and helping the company be productive ", " they know how to treat there employees it was alot of people stealing they needed better security ", " A typical day at work is making sure your rate is where it needs to be . I enjoyed working there . ", " Good work experience and built my key skills such as communication and working with others. ", " Basically I would work for a few hours then I would get sent home due to the many people who were employed that showed up.  ", " goal driven, and good competition between day shift and might shift. good work environment. ", " very aggressive, disorganized and badly managed place to work for ", " I think its a great place only if your able to work their set schedule ", " I'm a very organized person, I like a routine. At Krystal I wasn't able to do a routine, it was very unorganized! ", " decent pay, very fast pace and good job if you like to stay really busy majority of the time  ", " great company to work for.very give us 3 breaks per day.  mgt is great. ", " I learned how to unload boxes and the co-workers was great the hardest part was standing in one spot for hours ", "  \tPick and pack orders for delivery within the United States  \tReceive/ process invoice orders for next day deliveries  \tSort merchandise orders ", " I learned to Packing single and multiple items in a fast way. ", " Get to meet people from all over that are interested in the products I sale. I get to work my own hours and set my own rate of pay. ", " I inserted paper in envelopes everyday and earned 11.75 an hour. I had fun at work and loved the people I worked with. ", " Amazon offers an amazing work environment. The hours were good and the pay was better than most. ", " Hard work..great people...good pay...standing, bending, meeting hourly and dail goals (ie) so may packages per hour and per day. ", " if you are a student I wouldn't suggest working there because its hard but it is a overall good place to work if you need extra cash. ", " Good place to work, has an ok atmosphere.  Pay is average and hours are long. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " it was an okey place to work but the hours and night shift was hard on my kids and I. ", " 1. They train you for the job. 2. Is a fun place to work, the company is huge. 3. I enjoyed going to work everyday. ", " It was a good job while it lasted, I liked it a lot but it was only seasonal ", " help achieve company goals. good company to work with great people ", " they would send us home regularly because their wasn't enough work. ", " Friendly work environment with many elements of cultural diversity. ", " A typical work day consists of standing in the same place doing the same thing over and over again. ", " I was a picker so i would go down the modes and pick items and put them in a tote and send them on the conveyor belt. ", " well put together, everyone was a hard worker, got everything done ahead of time ", " Always a new fresh start , love the working conditions , health and safety is prime importance , well managed , full training and help provided. ", " Typical day at work would be looking on the board to see our daily tasks and completeing them to our quickest ability. ", " Amazon.com is a fun place to work. Core values of the company are based on customer obsession and innovation of the customer experience.  ", " hated it. treated like slaves. a guff job avoid if possible. ", " a typical day at work was standing in a little cubical type spot and putting 1 item in a box tapiong it up and sending it on to shipping ", " not as I was hoping for. process is broken. weak coordination between teams. too many dependencies ", " place to work and get paid, good hours, not a hard job, mostly good co-workers ", " my co-workers are very helpful and so are most managers, the hardest part is the strain on my body. ", " Repetitive actions. Multiple areas to cross-train, many new employees and managers so patience is required. ", " good place to work, learn new stuff, some of the people are good to work with. ", " Customer escalated queries EScalations Account Fraud investigations Charge inquiries Billing "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Only downfall was the layoffs. Great place otherwise. Pay could have been better. ", " Working a ten hour shift, standing on my feet the entire shift shipping and packaging customers orders.I learned that productivity is important and customers are always first. My co workers and I were always keeping eachother motivated. ", " It is a good workplace. you move around alot and get good breaks. ", " I loved this company but stopped believing in them and that is when I quit. It was really hard to leave this company because you can make a living. I had to leave but I will tell anybody to seek employee with them. ", " I work the dock and and manage 16 employees. I opperate forklift and manage all the incoming frieght. Sign and verify bills for drivers. ", " a typical day at amazon.com is always moving always pushing for a new record. go go go never stop. i have learned to keep a mind set that helps the day run smooth and the hours go by all the while making great numbers and doing a safe job. the managment needs a little work as they are not very visible to the associate. a good manager needs to be somewhat interactive with there workers in my opinion. the people i work with are great, we have all been there for numerous years so we all know what the others are able to accel in, but when a new hire is introduced into the department everyone is very eager to help that person strive for succes. the hardest part of my job is trying keep up with the amount of movement from department to department throughout the day, but this is only for a need by need basis. the most enjoyable part of my job is knowing that someone out there will be receivin the package that i just packed and shipped. hoping that all the hard work might pay off in a smile in someone else. ", " Typical day at work would start off with a quick 5 minute briefing on how the shift was life before and what it would be like after shift. I learnt many different tasks as I was multi trained. The management was a bit off as they were all over the place. My co-workers were easy to get on with. Sometimes the hardest part of the job was trying to reach targets. The most enjoyable part of my job was being able to work with friends. ", " I learned how to unload boxes and the co-workers was great the hardest part was standing in one spot for hours ", " Working at Amazon has been an okay experience. I have been with the company as an entry level contractor for the past 3.5 months thus far. As a contractor, you of course, get no benefits. But it would be extremely helpful if they provided a bus pass or parking since it is very expensive to park in the Seattle metropolitan area. The atmosphere you get as a contractor is very competitive and management definitely has favorites, thus there is a lot of politics. However, there is hardly any micromanagement, which leaves a lot of flexibility with scheduling and without the feeling of someone always looking over your shoulder. Advancement is pretty challenging as a contractor since they generally hire you with the intent for you as a temp - nothing more. This makes its hard to go into the company and then move up the corporate ladder. As contractor, your work life balance is pretty good. You get your 8 hours in and you're out. They don't want to pay OT, so they make it so you have to get approval if you want OT. This is great for work life balance. But as a permanent employee, this is absolutely the opposite. ", " I don't know how else to describe it other than a loser company. During the application process it was apparent. They don't take into consideration if you have a school schedule or have another job. They just dictate what hour and days you will work. They should take tips fro UPS, who offer scholarships and adjust work hours to accommodate school. This is obviously more humaine. The word is already spreading very rapidly that Amazon is an awful employer; before too long no one will want to work there and then we will see how they are able to process their orders. I am also looking for other places to shop on-line and will encourage others to do so as well. ", " Amazon is a great place to work a typical date at work i would clock then walk to the meeting area with all the other employees working in my department and exercise to stretch. After the end of the meeting everyone crowds around a job board to locate their name and job for the shift and I would get my job assignment and report to the location my job was based in which it was stowing in the warehouse.and then i would report to the station I was assigned to and login to the system. I would then take a box off the line scan in the shipping code and open the box and get ready to do production and keep does number high. I learn in this warehouse how to be really fast and a better productive person.The people i worked with as well as the managers were always very nice and helpful. The hardest part was being really fast, but that was something I learned easily.It was nice working there they paid well and enjoyed working at the amazon warehouse it was a great work environment with great employees and time go fast because the job keep you busy also amazon is a very big and warm place and i love that and they teach you how to be safe that is really good. One of the most enjoyable pat of the job and excited was when is time from break you go to the board and you check you number and after break you go back and try to do higher number being careful with no committing errors and some time you get prices and always like to have high numbers. ", " We work long hours with short breaks. i learned how to pack and work with pallets. it a diverse work place. Management could do better but working with co-workers is fun. The hardest part of the job is having short breaks and working under hard circumstances. I take my job serious and apprecitate everyone who trained me. ", " the typical day at amazon for me is 6:30am to 5pm, two 15 minute breaks and one 30 minute. standing through out the day, walking an stowing items. i have learned how to use a hand held scan gun, mantain standing for a long period of time, and using my time wisly. managment is okay for the most part just some need to work on there people skills. my co-workers are great we enjoy one another an always work as a team. the hardest part of my daily job sometimes is standing for the amount of time needed, but over all i enjoy amazon. ", " Management is horrible. They consider you as a number. They say safety is their first priority but anything outside work is not to their concern, I was sick and in the hospital for 2 days and I called and informed them. They still put me down as a no call/no show. Do not work for them at all. ", " When I would come into work, we would have stand up, telling us about our performance, and the expectations for the day, and what out group rates were at the end of the day of the day before. I have learned that it takes a team to make the criteria and expectation in a work environment. I loved how the managers, and staff kept us going, and just telling us how it is, not caring what the employees thought about it, its their job to inform us about the things we need to work on, and accomplish throughout the day/week, and whenever they seen I need help or more training they would be there immediately, I have to say management has a lot of responsibilities, and they make sure they do what they have to do to make there associates happy, and even when people dont like that, they still keep going, and keep the company steady. I always observe my surroundings, and the different attitudes of my co-workers, most of the time they had nasty attitudes, and think that nothing is far, or someone is looking down on them, I have also noticed that people are sometimes there to just play around, and think everything is just a game, until they get fired they realize that they should have payed more attention. Being around negative people is hard because it seems like I become that way, and I don't like that, I love just going to work, and being at work, around positive smiling people, I know things can be hard, and people get upset, but you just have to brush that off, and move on. I want to close with this, me being able to work, and not have a reason not to work, is the most enjoyable thing ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> to me, I feel blessed to have come this far in my life, to where I can say that and be happy, I don't like/want to be lazy, I loved walking in the building, making my rate, making people smile while they make me smile, and also I loved the management, and I love all the staff, they work very hard to get us to where we need to be, I couldn't ask for more. IM READY TO WORK!!! ", " dont like the magement the money is rubbish for what u are doing overall not a very nice place to work ", " Hate they laid me off was making good money. worked nights, management was cool as long as you got the job done.. co- workers cool. The most enjoyable part of the job was payday ", " a typicl day at work was something new everyday you learned new ways to build your skills your fellow co-workers respect and helpful the hardest part was making rate the most enjoyable part was pushing yourself to such high requirements. ", " I enjoyed working for amazon, the staff that trained me was great. I enjoyed working with the young people because they really challenged me to make rate and at the same time made the job enjoyable. They are a no none-sence company, but it was good because it teaches good work ethics, but at the same time they encouraged you everyday and gave praise for good work. The hardest part where the long hrs. of standing when the holiday hrs. started 12 hrs. sometimes. The traffic was terrible getting off because of the next shift coming in. I enjoyed holiday dinner's and quit often they would serve free snacks at break which would be much needed sometimes. ", " This is the best work force, comfortable, everyone works together, everyone's voice truly matters. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " hard work,interesting and something different everyday. the people I work with are great. ", " There is a lot of walking. I learned about new items and the people who work there are supportive and fun. ", " i love working at amazon , i would perfer to work during the day  ", " they expect you to be a machine and make certain numbers and work 12 hr shifts and some times for 60+hrs a week ", " On a typical day I sell I learn a great deal I am managed I love my coworkers ", " Learned how to do inventory control and problem solving. It does get really busy during Christmas time and there are a lot of people there so it will be VERY busy ", " amazon is a great place to work. it has it pros and cons like any other job has ,but with amazon theres more pros than cons. ", " packing orders for shipping to customers learned how to pack items in the right boxes and using of scanning guns and computer systems ", " enjoyed working there managers were great hours were ok early mornings getting up at 3.30 am werent so great but all in all really enjoyed ", " nights is horrible but they cant do enough for you make you feel like a family really nice place to work ", " it was an intense job,you would be standing all day, lifting heavy boxes nonstop, very helpful co-workers ", " Very nice place to work, the length of time that you have to stand still  needs some getting used to but overall not to bad. ", " many workers but its a fun place to work. You do work full time and make pretty good money. ", " The training is very through you have help every step of the way and the customers are great to work with! ", " I love working with new people, learn to take debits, credit cards, cooking etc.All co-workers are so good, nice, helping each other. ", " i learnt alot in amazon with in a time frame. i would like to work with them again. ", " Learned a lot. Was able to help with a couple major projects. ", " I loved that I was trained to drive a cherry picker and I loved being out In the racks. I like the environment in which I worked ", " sign in form home... 8 hours of phone work, customer and lead support are awesome. ", " It's a wonderful enviroment you dont have to wait to see anyone come help you, its as if youre your own manager &amp; it's a great feeling to work there "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I learned how to be a indepedent worker to go in do my job and always look for a better oppurtunity ", " my co-workers are very helpful and so are most managers, the hardest part is the strain on my body. ", " Good job for people that like the fast pass, and standing on your feet. ", " nights is horrible but they cant do enough for you make you feel like a family really nice place to work ", " Amazon learn me communicate with people,liner work. Most part of the job was packing,because I learn packing and enjoy this work ", " Typical day consisted of opening, scanning, sorting &amp; packing products and sending them down the line. ", " This is only a part time position and I love it .  We stretch our muscles before work and then we get to work.  No Drama just work!!!!!!! ", " Had poor training and spent most time figuring out how to do my job. Co- woker were really helpful . ", " Its a great place to work and have great people to work with. It feel like a family. ", " Getting Past Teir3 is very hard unless you have some college and or kiss a lot of butt ", " Amazon was an ok place to work. Coworkers were about half my age. I looked forward to getting off work everyday. ", " DRIVING PEOPLE FROM THE HOTEL TO THE AIRPORT &amp; VICE VERSA &amp; WORKING THE FR DESK ", " I liked working at amazon, but the pay could be a little more for the work that you perform ", " Typical warehouse job.  Only have done one job there and it gets kind of boring after awhile. ", " Good work experience and built my key skills such as communication and working with others. ", " Dont let them tell you anything that might get your hopes up. ", " A typical day at work was good for me I learned a lot about warehouses my managers were awesome and my co workers were awesome too. ", " A typical work day was strenuous but enjoyable. Was pleased with the atmosphere and set up. ", " Great experience partnering with Amazon! There is support and opportunity at every corner. ", " Great pay, nice place to work, however seasonal to start and not guarnteed to get permament postion. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Great fast pace work. attention to detail while working was good for me. ", " I worked through a staffing agency SMX for Amazon. Most new hires do for 6 months and at the end of contract Amazon has the option to hire you on full time otherwise you would be released. Unfortunately because of this, us contractual employees were treated differently. Management would not respect you because they know anyone is replaceable. There were times I felt like I was being treated like a child. The pay was poor and the days were long working non stop on your feet for 10 hours. The only good things about this job is the experience I gained and the 3 days you get off. I had been offered a full time employment with Amazon but had declined. ", " Amazon is a very big and warm, busy wearhousee you not alowed to run or nothing like that you can fall and hurt yourself in the wearhouse always tie your hair back and were these safety boots and jackets ", " Working on creating/maintaining Customer Reviews API and enhancing frontend behavior. ", " walk 20 to 25 miles daily around the warehouse collecting customer orders ", " Days went by fast. People were nice and friendly. Not alot of pressure and there was always something to do. ", " Working through a temp agency during the holiday season, not personally afraid of hard work however it seemed that the group of temps I was with where totally adrift. Most of the time when you had questions about procedure or times clock in clock out etc, you couldn't find supervisor whether it be Integrity or Amazon who knew. Integrity staff and Amazon staff did not communicate with each other. ", " I enjoyed my job at Amazon. My only complaint was the pay was too low. ", " always something to do,great co-workers,make sure your flexible in your schedule ", " This is a very good place to work. They pay very well and set goals that the average person off the street can meet. ", " The things i learned there was how to drive forklift ,reach truck, pallet jack and management was OK the hardest part of this job was driving forklift ", " I would come in and recieve products from skids and then I would also stow them to bins. I also worked in problem solving and in vendor returns where I returned damaged or overstock items to the company it came from. I learned how important it is for items to be done correct so that way customers get the right and correct product. The management was not very good at Amazon.com because they did not know how to talk or treat the employees. The hardest part of the job was dealing with the management. The one thing I enjoyed the most was the friends that I met working there. ", " A typical day at Amazon would be just ordering stuff for customers, cancelling orders if they didn't want it anymore, and responding back to customers emails. I learned to be very patient at this job. Management was great, everything was very organized. My co-workers were very nice, everyone got along even though it is a very big company. The hardest part of the job was when customers would call upset wanting to know why their orders had been cancelled or where was their stuff and why wasn't it there on time. The most enjoyable part of this job was just always having fun at work. There would be days were we would get free food from restaurants. We would also have days were we would dress up and and friendly competitions. ", " Wasn't a very nice enviorment to work for.  Ver long shifts  Learnt quite a bit from working at amazon ie team work.  Most enjoyable part was meeting new friends ", " First off my day would start off by trying to find a parking spot.Then, meet up with co-workers hang out in the break room before work. Clock in for work and then we have a meeting/warm up (we do this everyday before work and after lunch). Get a scanner and then start my day with scanning items and binning them in different locations in the warehouse. We have a 15 minutes at 8:30p.m. then lunch at 11:00p.m. and then last 15 minutes at 2:00 a.m. and at 4:00a.m. meet up with co-workers clock out. ", " I wish Amazon was located where I live now, best company I have ever worked for. They are not judgmental at all, you will see someone will blue hair sitting next to someone who looks like your grandma. ", " Amazon.com was my favorite job, if I could go back I would but they are not where I am located at right now. Customers are great you talk to people from all over the world, many different ways to move up and they are very flexible. ", " great opprotunitied just tooo far away..especially if you dont have a transportaion..but i loved the job ", " i enjoyed working nice hours. Something i enjoyed at amazon as well is they gave us short breaks, ", " You are on your feet the entire time powerwalking to locate and scan items at a particular rate. So no matter how fast you are moving if u dont make rate it really doesnt matter. My co-workers are really nice. Management is very polite but tough. I learned how to read numbers in a way that I am more efficient with timely tranport to conveyer belt for packing and shipping.I like the fact that I am losing weight due to the constant moving on the job. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " My typical day at work was come in at 630 punch in and get into or huddles and get our report and were to go in the building for the day. Then we go to that part of the warehouse and start our job scanning products into the correct bins and shelves. Then we would take our 15 minute break at 10 then get our half hr at 12. then we would get another 15 at 3 then finsh the day at 5. I learned at amazon how to use pallet jacks and how to use hand held computer to scan stuff into the building. Managment in my eyes were really poor because if you asked them for help with something you didnt understand they really never helped you. It was like they didnt care they only bothered with you if you didnt make your goal times. Co-workers werent friendly either if you asked them for help they would just look at ya like your crazy. The hardest pasrt of the job was around college time t o make your goals putting away all the college books into there right shleves because there was no room for all the books. My most enjoyable part of my job getting my paycheck. ", " Very fast work pace, I liked the people I worked with. I would work for Amazon again. ", " A TYPICAL DAY AT WORK WOULD BE THAT I WOULD HAVE A MEETING AT THE BEGINING OF SHIFT ASSIGN WORK DUTIES TO WORKERS. RECEIVE INBOUND AND OUTBOUND ORDERS ", " a typical day consist of solving problem within the warehouse.Enjoyed my co-workers and management. ", " place to work and get paid, good hours, not a hard job, mostly good co-workers ", " easy place to grow and move up sometimes hard to meet production rates co workers fun and teamworkers management laid back and helpful ", " I am manage and am responsible for the outbound/inbound department where I manage labor work force of 40+ associates.  I manage work flow and assign associates to different process paths and functions to ensure the departments are exceeding daily production, quality, and safety measures, as well as making sure all customer orders are shipped on time.  Responsible for overall team development as well as individual development, provide coaching and training if needed.  Lead a focused kaizen group, drastically improving an outbound working process to cut costs and improve overall productivity, leading to annual savings of $50,000.  Fast pace work environment with daily ambiguous decision making, processes are constantly changing and being able to communicate and implement those changes are the hardest points of this position ", " I had no bad review to give about Amazon it was Fun  In peak season they are great incentives for associates ", " The positions at Amazon are fairly easy and the fast-pace is not a problem; however, the management in the Inbound department needs a change. The managers in this department look down at the employees as if they are 'better than' the employees. There is not one manager in Inbound that will jump in and help out when the numbers are low. The employees are NOT treated fairly or even like people. Serious, immediate changes need to be made in this department. The employees are not happy and thus do not perform at their best potential. ", " A good job, but not a career choice. No chance to grow or branch out. ", " Amazon is a one of the best company I work so far. Everyone is treated equally. I have learned and improved my time management skills most important. My co-workers are very supportive and helping including Hr department and managers. The most challenging part of the job was early morning start at 4 during picks but it also went well. The most enjoyable part of the job is that the manager or supervisor always appreciate our work. ", " Everyone at amazon.com works as a team and serious about their jobs. ", " I've been working for Amazon for little of 3 months as been converted from Integrity. When you first start it seems easy, but only a couple months its not anymore. When you think about heading to Amazon. I'll give you one tip: Don't sign up for picking. Once you decide your stuck for the duration of your assignment unless you reach 90 days then you can. ", " Everyday I scanned items using scanners, placed items in totes, and placed the totes on conveyors. I've learned to pick the right items and increase my pace. The managers were nice, helpful, and understanding of my situations. Some co-workers were mean and rude, but others were good and polite. I hardly spoke to my coworkers because I was always busy. The hardest part of the job was being timed trying to find the correct items and dealing with some of the mean and rude co-workers and people sometimes being in my way. The most enjoyable part of the job was listening to music, and the job was pretty laid back. I liked my job. It was also peaceful. ", " Type of Job You would love to go to work, Everyone comes to work, I Learn to get along with other, and How to use up to date things. Management to me was out standing. Loved my co-worker. The hardest part for me leaving when it was time to leave. The most enjoyable part was working with the people I worked with.. ", " It was ok to work there to begin with but they had alot of annoying people to work with or at least try. ", " You have long and exciting days the management team is cool co-workers are cool the hardest part are the hours when its close to go home ", " Typical day consisted of opening, scanning, sorting &amp; packing products and sending them down the line. ", " good pay , like how they are set up. company and managers are real good at knowing what to do ", " a typical day at work was hectic and required a lot of exercise. By working here i received a good workout. i learned how to do general warehouse work and was my first job were i was a supervisor. i absolutely loved management there. They did not make the job any harder and were very friendly which always make the job easier. the hardest part of the job was the lifting because some things were pretty heavy. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " you work as one big team to process order for the world.you are supprised to to see all the things that are shipped in a day.GREAT PAY! ", " This job was very demanding, but very manageable at the same time. I enjoyed the constant pace. It kept me busy all day. Overall i enjoyed this job. ", " At Amazon, work wasn't difficult, but management made things confusing. Long Days and short breaks with a lot of standing. Great co-workers, a lot of team work. Management a lot of times didnt know what they were doing. Hardest part is standing for a long period of time. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new people and becoming a family. ", " Very difficult on your body and the long hours are not a joke, it is a stressful job that not many can do. ", " job was very exciting and fun in the beginning. Job can be very stressful and can be discouraging due to the fact that you try to keep up but every week they come to you with a negative due to your quality, rate or something else. They don't seem to help you build yourself up. Hard for the real workers to get ahead. They don't offer sick days for your children and the workers only get 2 medical excuses per year. There is allot of favoritism. Some people love this place, but i say its the ones who are not a tier 1. Managers can be disrespectful. ", " Good schedule, very motivated staff to meet our daily goals. ", " A typical day working amazon is working fast and standing for a long time. I learned how to work fast and useing the scanner. The mangement are nice and friendly if you dont know how to do something they will show you. Some of my co-workers were nice. The hardest part working at Amazon is standing for a long time. I enjoy meeting new people. ", " Friendly work environment with many elements of cultural diversity. ", " amazon is a well organized complany, and i enjoyed working there. amazon always made me feel like i was an asset to there company ", " A very good place to work, from the people to the mangement, bonus incentives, good hours, overtime, paid time off, the only drawback is you have to get in through a Staffing Agency, very hard to do, but would do it all over again just to try and get hired full time. ", " Ive learned a lot of experience working with this company. they rotate employee to different job function. the hardest part of the job is during peak time they imposed mandatory 10 hour shift to everyone. ", " Come to work in a timely manner. Be preparedto take on any jo or task that face me. Get alone with co-workers and management. Be the best i can be. ", " A typical day day at Amazon consist of walking for long periods of time while pushing carts and picking items off of shelves or standing in one area packing inventory into boxes for shipping. Management is extremely hands on and helpful. The hardest part of the job is staying consistante throughout the day but the most enjoyable part is being able to meet a wide variety of people. ", " THis was a great place to work. There was lots of oppurtunitys and it was managed very well. The job itself was made alot easier because they switch everyone through out the assembly line and switched lines eveeryday. I really enjoyed that for the fact it kept it interesting and you got a chance to meet new people everyday. ", " Good job. Decent days off, but the temp to hire takes 10 months and its only sooner if you actually know somebody. ", " Job was a seasonal job did not work there very long at all. A typical day at work was alright hard work some day but was not a problem. Management out there was not the best they need to work more on people skills. ", " Working along with great people . Who help you pick your orders and shipped them out on time . I learned how to use a walkie to store items in the warehouse and how to locate item on a handheld computer.The nost hardest part of the job was unloading the truck but it can be fun as well ", " My days at Amazon were always fast paced. I always had something to do or learn. I am a fast learner so i took in a lot of information in a short time span on my way to becoming a problem solver. The management team was ok i felt like communication could have been better but they were fair. I got along great with all of my co-workers and never had any problems. I enjoyed the beginning of the shift more because i viewed it as the start of something new. The hardest part of my job was that feeling everyday that this is not permanent. ", " Amazon is a wonderful company to work for. The shifts can get a bit hectic but other wise there are plenty of opportunies ", " sort thru items and scan them in their bins walk miles throughout the day to fullfill customers needs for merchandise to be packaged and shipped out "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " A typical day was like going to this warehouse we you got to chill all day but the chilling was working. The managers were amazing they interacted with us all the time we where having dinners and winning prizes. The co-workers where so fun to be around the hardest part was trying to stay awake but the most enjoyable part was being able to count on your co-workers for support and help. ", " I learnt how to work in a very rushed and stressful environment where communication was the main key to a successful day ", " enjoyed working with others and the company, very fast paced, productive company, clean enviroment. I Really liked the job just too far and had car problems ", " I would love to work there again, its a great job. During a work day i start off by picking items to be shipped. I got faster and a lot better at picking my orders over the time i had. Although i never had a face to face interaction with any of the managers but based on the work place management was outstanding. I only got to meat with co workers during our lunch. the work hours would have to be the hardest part of the job and the most enjoyable is the compensation. ", " amazon is a great place to work at everyone their are friendly management are the best ", " hard long hrs of work fun people to work with verry fast paced. ", " A typical day at work would include 10 hours of walking around a warehouse and picking up orders. The warehouse was very hot in the summer and full of noise from forklifts and cherry pickers. The check they gave me never bounced though. ", " I have nothing to say but to say it was a great place to work at. ", " A typical day at work was great and relaxing at times. I learned alot of stuff there like how to pick/pack groceries, how to cut/pack various types of deli meats and cheeses and how to problem solve issuses that came about through out the work day. The managment team was great. They really knew how to make it a super workable environment. My co-workers became some of my closest friends during and even away from work. the hardest part of the job was getting used to working graveyard as the most enjoyable part of the job was the interaction and friendlyness everyone had with each other. ", " This job was a flop. Worked you hard and took you for granted. Breaks were short for how hard you work. Points systems, they pointed you for everything. ", " Typical day at at work: Load and sort boxes. What I learned: Safety Procedures on loading. Management: Was very good but also very aggressive. My Co-Workers: Very friendly and work very hard. The hardest part of my job: When there was over flows of boxes to sort. The most enjoyable part of my job: When i would get my job accomplished. ", " amazon was a great place to work the people i worked with as well as the managaers were always very nice and personable ", " Worked in the product photography division as a stylist. Learned how things get uploaded to the web site, most of the management staff was very helpful, great coworkers. Hardest part was meeting some deadlines and styling items that were unusual. ", " whilst working at amazon fulfilment centre i learnt how to pick orders by finding the location scaning the bin finding the item what i needed to pick, scaning the item and confirming that the item was the right item. I found the management were very helpful and easy to talk to and ask questions when i wasn't sure about anything. ", " I loved the time I spent while working at Amazon. The atmosphere of the work environment was great, the pay and hours were consistent, the managers and colleagues were always very friendly, and I loved doing my job. the only downfall was that they would over-hire when the season came around so once business started slowing down, the majority of people would lose jobs. ", " Management doesn't care about employees as much but the workload is their main concern. ", " The most enjoyable part of working at Amazing was the fast pace work time and not much down time ", " Serve as a Tier 5 Manager for Amazon.com Fulfillment Center located in Plainfield, IN, for 60-110 associates in the Inbound Department of the facility. Responsible for the Day-to-Day operations of the Inbound/Receiving Dock of the fulfillment center. Responsible for receiving, categorizing, stowing, and finding defects with vendor merchandise to meet S&amp;LP for any designated time period. Responsible for the transshipment of merchandise both into and out of the fulfillment center to other fulfillment centers in the North American network for Amazon.com. Managed, trained and staffed 60-110 associates daily to operate the dock functions of scheduling shipments, receiving, stowing and processing defects during a 10-hour work shift day. Responsible for the daily planning for the shift according to the shipment schedule and the corresponding end of shift reports to determine the productivity for that time period. Developed and implemented new methods into everyday practices to increase efficiency and productivity and limit downtime throughout the department ", " The only good thing about working here are the people you meet. The company treats its staff horribly,I highly recommend you do NOT work here. ", " i worked hard everyday often times i did major projects on my own with a billion supervisors hoovering over me the only plus was a 1st shift M-F job schedule until that was eliminated "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " love it will go back anytime free coffee free gatorade first warehouse i worked in with a radio easy job will go back anytime. ", " Developed new quality standards for better quality performance and reliability  Ability to organize, prioritize and work under extreme work pressure, heavy work load and deadlines.  Strong personal communications skills with Decision making, critical thinking.  Assembly line manufacturing process  Self-motivated, initiative, maintains a high level of energy.  Accuracy and Attention to details.  Tolerant and flexible, adjusts to different situations.  Organization and prioritization skills.  A Very hard worker Never Give up in any situation Very Good with my hands ", " Constantly being timed, 10/12hrs per day walking taking orders on concrete floor. Mgmt is either college kids or ex military brats that put you through there intimidation, and boot camp to get things done with no compassion except for some of there snitches. They will fire ya in a minute because there is fresh meat through the temp svcs. There wasn't much good here...... gave ya a t shirt \"Work hard, Make history, Have fun\" well definitely no fun, and the other two were in threre best interest. Ending with no family life due to last minute overtime. ", " Fast Paced &amp; Challenging job with alot of Learning and Growth Opporunities ", " Very busy days and used my wide range of experience for the benefit of the organization. ", " It was a great job. I would answer phones The people I worked with were great ", " Very Demanding job that pays easy money. They run you all over the warehouse, just to pick different items. I've learned that it's the perfect job, if you trying to lose weight! ", " Adhered to all safety rules and guidelines on a daily basis. Co-workers very helpful. Enjoyed the pay and the break periods. ", " answered incoming call from customers. determined the nature and resolution of the customer issues and questions. Achieved specific call target to include quality, average handle time and overall customer satisfaction. ", " fun place to work, great people to work with..4 day work weeks...... no uniforms.... shorts and t shirts ", " A typical day was storing items on to selfs and i learnt how to store items properly and eiffently. the management was very good at amazon.com my co-workers allways helped me if i had a problem. The hardest part of my job was calling the helper if i had or did a problem. The most enjoyable part was looking a all items which you would never see in normally day life. ", " it is a good place and has good people the hardest part is to get used to the pace of the work ", " Job management could have been organized better. A typical work day was very fast and busy from start to finish. I learned how use a scanner and how to get used to the fast pace work ethic. The co-workers were friendly and always willing to help. ", " Very busy and high pace working environment. Every body is busy doing own thing and that way not so all the way open to new people. Busy and day goes fast. Tons of work for every day. Good team mates. ", " 3 Year tenure employee terminated for attendance and being late from breaks ranging from 30-52 seconds. ", " Amazons work conditions were poor, working 8 hours, some overtime, with one half hour break in that time, management were arrogant and agency staff were disrespectful, angency was Randstad Recruitment ", " Good staff, fast pace, working hard, feet hurt a lot. I didn't like all the walking that had to be done in the company. ", " Daily focus is on customer experience. A typical day is never typical due to the many moving parts in our operation. Every day is always interesting and challenging. ", " Amazon was a terrific place to work. The work environment was casual and comfortable and managers were very accessible. The technology was excellent and learning new skills was encouraged and supported.  People did work hard, but there was also time for social activities and \"hanging\" with your co-workers.  Amazon is a place that really walks the walk. They maintain their focus on customer service. It's not just lip service, they really do stress the importance of the customers, both the buying customers and the third-party sellers who use their platform.  This is one place I'd be quite pleased to work any time. I look forward to their opening a new office here on the East Coast so I have an opportunity to work for them again. ", " Stand on feet all day, do repetitive robotic tasks 10 hours a day with little breaks. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " As a picker, you definitely are walking the full time of the shift, up to 20 miles a day, especially during peak season. Always needing to keep on top of your rate for items to get out on time to the trucks. Not a real \"fun\" place to work, but it's good pay, and if you are hired as an amazonian, the benefits are pretty good. ", " worked long hours, alot of overtime, had to finish the job, in somewhat of time. ", " I start the day with streches, safety tips, and quality tips. This is all done as a group with one of the management team on the dock. I love the people I work with, side by side on the dock. The hardest part of the job is 10 hours standing on concrete but this is over-rode by the awesome people that work on the dock. ", " I absolutely love working with the people, but I have to have stable and better pay. All the people I work with and for are amazing!!! ", " I worked here for just a couple of months, and it was horrible my mobile phone got stolen! And i nearly broke my back lifting a box which i shouldnt of been lifting on my own!!  Then because i was off due to my bad back they then sacked me and didnt even tell me till i phoned in to see when i could go back to work. ", " Amazon was the best job i ever had the hours were great the schedules were great and the pay was great! ", " Typical work day began around 0600 for managers in order to do the staffing according to the amount of shipments we would be receiving during that shift. The associates would arrive around 0655 for start up at 0700 and would have breaks at 0930 and 1500 with a lunch at 1200. After absentee report, a reshuffling of associates would occur before 0830. As associates would leave for various reasons, changes in truck shipment schedules, and productivity needs would occur, I would have to move people to ensure that goals for the day were met. How to work in the logistics/supply chain at the civilian/macro level. Co workers didn't like change that much, which at times made it hard to work around. Working with the attendance policies set by upper management and trying to meet our goals made our staffing process seem null and ineffective. Welcoming and training new associates. ", " This is a great place to work, great people, good job security accept for managment. The managment team has a higher turn over rate than I have ever seen anywhere. The hardest part of the job is during peak season when you are on mandatory 60 hr weeks, but atleast the paychecks look good ", "   Using scanning guns to pick items.   Achieving targets for items picked.   Time management.   Team work.   Stock counting. ", " Felt very unappreciated. Shifts changed without due notice. Lacks of staff. Lacks of equipment. Poor management. No access to public transport after backshift. Co workers were very unfriendly to begin with making each day difficult. No proper training. Overall a very sad place to work unfortunately. ", " was always was there to work because you got the treated the way you should and just great place ", " use to box items and send them out so they could get to the person who bought it ", " Amazon being the worlds largest online shopping site company had the best work atmosphere where equal opportunities were given to everyone. An individuals hard work and dedication was truly recognized and appreciated in forms of bonus and promotions. My day to day activities included meeting with new recruits screening them for the job process and assisting the HR team. Being into HR team and an active member of funsters ( Team building Group activities) we enjoyed work. I learned how to deal day to day activities of HR and interacting with new people on daily basis which in turn improved my social skills and boost my confidence. Hardest part of the job was when we had to declare the results of the interviews held. The most loving part was to interact and be a bridge between the employees and the management. ", " A typical day at work is usually 10 long hours. Its a fast pace work environment and has great pay. the hardest part of the job is standing up for such long hours. ", " working environment is owesome. management is so helpful. behaviour of co worker is nice ", " a typical day at work: ICC ticket resolvment, communication between branches and managmet team, close teamwork inn solving problems. what you learned: patience and how to be a good team lead management: supportive and motivating your co-workers: amazing the hardest part of the job: there wasn't one :) the most enjoyable part of the job: Self development ", " I learned what factory work is like on a daily basis and it is very difficult.  Their were about 15 managers and I dealt with a different one everyday so thats what I didn't like.  The hardest part of the job was walking the whole distance because it was about 1 million square feet. The hours I worked were hard. ", " Manage the Web Analytic Tools, Guide Feature Development, Interact with customers via focus group, survey, UI testing etc. ", " Excellent company and the working environment is safe and clean. Constantly seeking ways to improve the quality and quantity of the amazon experience for employees, managers and customers. The only issue i experienced was the lack of leadership experience at the site management level. Amazon hires extremely smart individuals but they then to lack leadership skills. ", " There are many opportunities for advancement within this company. They were helpful in making adjustments for my school schedule. Overall this is a great company to work for. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Workind at a safe and fast pace co-workers were well trained and easy to work with. ", " This is not a Career job at Amazon. The Manager's are straight out of school with Bachelor's degrees and most of them have never had a job in their lives. Advancement is hard because it doesn't matter how much experience you have, if you do not interview good, you will not get the job. ", " good training ,support structure,flexible working attitude,excellent enviroment area, team building tool box talks,a supportive and friendly team,incentives to achieve targets ", " Straighforward work process, fast-paced, decent amount of work, management had high amount of supervision, enjoyable learning experience and multi-purposed tasks and events within company. ", " I learned so much whilst working within Amazon.  A typical day would have been answering calls ad emails from customers, asking questions about an order they made or about an order they would like to make. I learned alot about dealing with negative and positive customers, it has given me a more positive attitude in my work and personal life. I was able to help my co workers when they needed a little more information but did not have the time to find for themselves. The hardest part of the job was dealing with customers you genuinely could not help until a certain time frame, asking them to wait for something they should have received maybe even a week before hand was never easy because you know the majority of the time the out come was going to be negative. The most enjoyable part was they were quite fun, they would send little quizzes through your emails when it was quiet and there would be prizes. also at the end of each year they had a \"camal Race\" which was basically a performance race, the better you were at your job overall teh more points you got. it was held within teams and then throughout the company. I was lucky enough to win first prize within my team. If i was given the opportunity to continue working there in my new location i would most definitely have taken it. ", " No heat in winter, no air in summer. Same product spread all over warehouse. Management was people that had never worker in production. ", " At amazon I would go in stand on the same spot all day packing items. ", " They made it to the point were it wasn't just about working all day by providing fun for you and family. ", " Stand up meetings, how can we be productive and meet numbers. Proper way to step down and turn around or how to pick up a heavy item, management was awesome they would come and talk to you about numbers and where we should be at. My co-workers were just as motivated as I, leaving because peek season was over, hours were awesome 11 an a half hr days 3 days or sometimes four days a wk. ", " a seasonal contract sometines its busy sometimes you went home early..the management is nice they give us a raise after a month.very fast paced environment but enjoyable ", " Really good to work for.Working for the company is good because you can get discount on all products. ", " the job overall wasnt too bad, it was boring and repetetive, the hours was long and the days were longer, trying to get there was a nightmare, as on weekends you either had to be in to the work place early or on regular time but the public transport wasnt running, to get there wasnt easy, and finding the place at first was a nightmare. overall rating was a 5 out of 10. ", " working at amazon can be fun but it is very tough on your body your on your feet for 10 hours constantly and lifting heavy boxes ", " Set up my pick teams in the morning, with specific areas to pick from and making sure those areas have work in them. Make a plan with my management team for the day, and communicate any changes. Monitor workflow throughout the day, to ensure all customer expectations are being met. Call for new trailers to pick up sorts that have filled up and need to be replaced. Depart trucks according to critical pull times to ship out customer orders on time. I've learned many things in my career with Amazon.com like how to multi task several things at once, put safety and quality ahead of productivity and how to lead a team of associates to achieve a common goal. ", " No leadership, advancement, and requires dealing with a lot of people who try and get by without work ethic. Lots of drama and organization of roles lacks tremendously. ", " Very fast paced work environment with many great co workers and a pretty good pay. ", " goal driven, and good competition between day shift and might shift. good work environment. ", " 10 Hours on certain days weekly, learned a lot, management are well organized, people are friendly but quiet, standing on floor 10 hours daily is hardest part and I enjoyed being busy all the times. ", " Working at Amazon.com you learn a lot of things. We get cross-train on everything we want to learn. The bad thing about Amazon.com is it get very hot during the summer and cold during the winter. Also the management wasn't so great. ", " Everyday we would have a meeting about our goal for the day and what our quota would be. Then we would always do stretches before working. Then everyone would find out what area in the building we would be working. It was a very fast paced and stressful at times. But almost everyone there would try to make it fun, but the hardest thing was standing on concrete made your feet hurt everyday! The management was pretty good, sometimes frustrating because they were always changing the process of how to run the dock. But I learned alot about how a warehouse runs, receiveing, dock, stowing, pallets, problem solving and more "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " co-workers and supervisers very friendly, fast paced job in which i love ", " Great place to work, given full training and colleagues always willing to help. ", " Amazon is a dead end job, i wouldn't recommend anybody to work there, ", " Safety Safety Safety all about safety, but still expects you to make an imposable rate. ", " Working for Amazon.com through integrity was an awesome experience. A fun fast paced environment where you can advance. ", " A typical day at work is making sure, all the controls are working properly ", " Workers are over worked and under paid. Workers well being is not being taken into consideration. ", " To much work and you have no life at all and going threw a temp service stinks ", " it was a nice place to work air conditioned building friendly people managers are helpful at times ", " Always busy and had something to do. people were awesome and helpful. picking packing and sorting. ", " At the Mississauga site - ridiculous hours and tyrany style of sr mgmt ", " fun!!!!!! fun fun fun. loved the job. best job ever and the hours were splendid ", " Great people to work with and great Human Resource department. People willing to help each other. ", " A typical day at Amazon.com consists of picking customers orders. ", " Amazon is a friendly and fast paced environment. Very fun place to work. ", " Worked there for 4 years, fun if you get on a good team. Others can work you to the bone. ", " Scan items to get ready to ship to customers. You have to pack the items into boxes. ", " the people an the pay was good i hate it was temp i couldve seen myself there for awhile ", " Being an author is a very fulfilling job. I am able to write and publish on my own time. ", " was a ok place to work, doesnt do much hiring on good breaks, clean place, normal days work "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " * never a dull moment * always learning something new * challenging ", " worked on daily shift fulltime factory work working packing ", " -Super work performance in productivity, quality, safety and excellent customer service experience. ", " great opprotunitied just tooo far away..especially if you dont have a transportaion..but i loved the job ", " Amazon was a fun place to work. You could be almost as querky as you wanted and they would not mind. ", " always on a rate to pull product from shevles and forklift operator . Also packed orders ", " Fun place to work, learnt a lot, fun part was learning new processes and new products ", " Enjoying a fun laughable day meeting people from across the world. ", " it was hard work but it was bearable due to the comforting work enviorment provided ", " very good place many things to do and to learn make me happy to work at team ", " Amazon is a great place to work. I enjoyed the pay and working with different people. ", " it is a good place and has good people the hardest part is to get used to the pace of the work ", " The most enjoyable part of the job is getting to know new things. ", " typical place to work. they pay better to start than most positions in the Carlisle area ", " I really liked working on the phones and helping customers. ", " fast growing company and employee friendly and they support employees a lot whenever its required. ", " Packing and Shipping Products from warehouse to customers ", " Customer service, incoming calls and resolving incidences ", " Typical work day included picking items from inventory in order to meet quota. ", " Amazon metrics drive wholesalers to satisfy the Amazons brand promise "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Best people I worked with. Fun projects. Large impact to customers. ", " You're assigned your own internal company profile known most easily through your \"login.\", Each person is offered your own headset, and your own cubicle. Co-workers are almost always eager to help one another, and management focuses on how they can best help their employees needs be met, and assist their employees to excel in their positions and grow to meet their goals. I was able to learn about people from all around the world and while some people saw the job as attached to a monotonous desk position, they were only lacking experience in the variety of ways to handle responsibilities, because you never know what challenges customers will ask you about, and there are always new ways to be creative when problem solving. Amazon offers a high moral environment, which is extremely necessary, as the job is fast past and continually changing, it requires those that work there to be patient and flexible while handling high stress situations. ", " Pick Manager, Outbound:  Managed 271 associates in my team. Typical responsibilities include planning workforce, pick &amp; pack operation, scheduling breaks, focusing on the inflow &amp; outflow of volume, Critical Pull times, identifying process defects, associate errors, supervising &amp; guiding Problem Solvers, prioritizing operational goals, coaching and leading associates to overcome their challenges, focusing on priorities, removing their barriers, attend their concerns, enforce Safety, Quality, and Rate of performance, monitor &amp; review every associate's performance on a weekly basis, recognize &amp; promote talents, assist Pack manager to execute the pack operation.  This position has allowed me to focus strongly in process defects, associate barriers, bottlenecks in the system. I have been eventually delegated the responsibility to lead Process improvement projects, KAIZEN training &amp; workshop, lead Standard Work implementation, propose further developmental projects and assign them to other Managers. ", " I enjoyed my job here. It was a seasonal position. It was a positive work environment that I really enjoyed. This company offers a lot of opportunities and is very well ran. It taught me to have a lot more patience and helped me gain a lot of experience in customer service and problem solving. This job is very rewarding. The hardest part of the job was explaining to customers our policies when they were previously misinformed at retail stores about how our company is ran. Overall I enjoyed my job here and would not mind working for this company again. ", " Amazon is okay, its not the best job. You aren't ever really guaranteed a job there. If your season ends and you don't get hired on full-time then you get let go. The people there are pretty cool though. ", " Early Start late finish I learned how a to adapt to change on the fly the management team was forever changing I loved my co-workers my job was full of changes I loved it, it was challenging I enjoyed working with a diverse group of dedicated people ", " hard work on an typical,you can learn each day and i'am here at amazon untile i can get back to driving truck ", " This was a fun place to work. I got lots of exercise while moving from one side of the building to the other. I would love to go back for the extra holiday income and not to mention the possible gifts. ", " When you first arrive for your shift we do what we call 'Stand Up'. It's stretching exercises and then we talk about the reviews from other shifts and the previous day. We talk about our goals for our shift and what is expected out of the employees. We then pick up our duties for the shift and start our work. I myself drove an order picker. I was what was called a picker. I went throughout the warehouse picking up orders that needed to be shipped out to the customers. I located and obtained the orders and dropped them off in their designated areas so that they could be packaged and shipped out to their appropriate locations. ", " I loved working for jcpennys everyone worked as a team they were always friendly. ", " My typical day at work is hustling/bustling to get product/orders out for customer orders. I enjoy the high demand because it keeps for moving and the excitment of shopping for other people. Managers are involed in the daily activities. Some co/workers are very knowledegable of the jobs some are not. The hardest part of the job is standing for 10hrs a day. The most enjoyable part is knowing that the customer gets their order at the date requested and coworkers are involved helping with the process. ", " I learned a lot of new processes, I had excellent team around me, everyone was helpful and great team spirit, however we don't had any fun because of high targets/maps. ", " Challenging work requiring independent thought and creativity. ", " It is a 10 hours 4 days a week, stable schedule, learned lot around the warehouse, managment are good, co workers play nice when you play nice, hardest part is standing 10 hours, enjoyable part is its indoor building. ", " Work was great. I learned to do payroll and taxes quarterly here. I also learned to keep spreadsheets for inventory. ", " Picking Worker 10/2010-12/2012   Picked items from rack   Scanned items   Placed items in bins on a conveyer belt ", " Working for Amazon was ok and looking back on it it wasn't so bad but the biggest downside to this job is that some of the standards/rules/regulations were ridiculous. It's difficult to explain to someone who hasn't worked there but nearly all of my co-workers speculated these rules were there simply so they had a reason to lay us off when the time came. The hardest thing about the day was that you had to stand up for 8 hours straight in a really long aisle, usually on your own. It taught me about warehousing and health and safety. My co-workers were great. Overall I didn't dislike it but I didn't like it either. ", " Everyday is a different day. If you are not up to par on the work/ rates, they will give you more learning or ways to speed up your work instead of just letting you go. ", " Not recommeded for a great place to work. As advertised in Amazon's classifieds, Have fun, work hard, and make history. Does not hold true. No fun there. ", " Dedicated to there customer base (check web site for full details). "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I worked at Sears as a seasonal worker and enjoyed my time there. I learned a lot more about retail business. Management was great as well as coworkers. ", " Work was moderate we have breaks every couple of hours and a nice break room, lots of space. Management was very nice, when u needed little stuff they were on top if it. But other then that would send you to HR. The hardest part was working 3rd shift 6pm to 5am and the most enjoyable part was the people who worked there. ", " The managers at Amazon seem to be graded on how much work they get done compared to the pay they provide. Don't be fooled by the great compensation packages they provide. My experience has been that they hired me telling me exactly what I wanted to hear, and once I joined, it's topsy turvy. I was so unhappy with them but once you join the role, they don't care at all, so you have limited choices. I have heard of people with better experiences, and I heard of people with worse experiences than mine. It's not uncommon to have 12 hour days on a regular basis and 18 hour days are around the corner. Work life balance is practically non-existent in most of Amazon. With respect to technology and implementation they do better than most people in the industry. They have tech talks and streamlined processes for software engineering. Most of the teams are agile as well. Amazon's benefits are just ok. For example, at their company picnic, the food isn't free, but you buy it. Frugality is one of their cultural values. If you are a hard worker and passionate about some of their technologies and you have a personal relationship with a manager you may have a good time there, otherwise it's tricky at best. ", " co-workers and supervisers very friendly, fast paced job in which i love ", " they expect you to be a machine and make certain numbers and work 12 hr shifts and some times for 60+hrs a week ", " amazon was a very good place to work. I got along well with coworkers and managers alike. I put my all into being the best process assistant I could be. I liked training,coaching and generally running my shift and meeting goals with my team. ", " I worked as seasonal help during Christmas. Long days, lots of hours, but the pay is decent. Its a big plant so there is lots of walking involved. If your in packing expect to do a LOT of lifting. In picking your running all over the plant. They are a good company to work for if you can get on permanent. ", " Results driven company. Process improvement happens every day which creates an exciting environment. Work life balance can be a challenge at times. ", " i learned how to manage my time and how to get things done faster. management was very helpful. Most of my coworkers we friendly and helpful. The hardest part of the job was being on your feet all day but it was worth it. The most enjoyable part of my job was just being there. ", " Nice environment good people who work there. Good core values. Hard work, but better pay. ", " This work place is very demanding and not much considerate. ", " i worked at the amazon warehouse for 2 months as a warehouse operative ", " Work for me was great i focus on my job mainly because i want to get it done, I learned alot from scanning, packing, picking, and even unloading/loading trucks. Management was alrite some did not really help you learn things so i would have to learn from my co-workers in which i worked with very nice people that was helpful and easy to get along with. The hardest part of the job in making rate but once you get the hang of the job it becomes easy to some people and myself was easy to me. ", " Productive workplace with worldclass reputation. Unfortunately, I've found this opportunity to be more of a job versus a career opportunity. My personal goals have been achieved but now seeking outside career opportunities. Hardest part of decision is leaving manager who generally puts employees first. ", " My typical day would be to go in the system to see what orders needed to be out for the day. I was in the position of shipping oversized items that had to be overwraped. The hardest part of my job would be during peak when I had to train new people that didn't want to work. My most enjoyable part would be training new people that wanted to work and we got everything out on time ", " not a good place to work was treated like slaves and the staff that worked there would be very sarcastic if you did not, meet the targets given even if you had tried your best. ", " They want you to work hard and not contented when you reach your percent they always wants more more more. No security they can fire you anytime. ", " Two words: Hard work! It's truly an honor working with such knowledgeable people. The company does very well with teaching and broadening the minds of each and every employee. A place where goals are reached, and issues are resolved. ", " cool managers and employees. Easy to talk to. Angry customers were the hardest to deal with. Being on a hill away from town was the only downfall, but even that is okay. ", " Amazon is a good place to work but is hard going sometimes with only a half hour break in 8 hour day. I will credit Amazon as I have worked my way up and improved my IT skills within Amazon which is a fantastic opportunity. The management is brilliant and the team I work with are amazing. Plenty of benefits/discounts within Amazon but could do with a few more \"local\" benefits/discounts. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Everyone was nice to work with we work long 10 hours 4 to 6 days a week with good pay $$ ,over time $$ and park rent paid $$ that is great for RV's toal package . Bonuses on hours work at the end of contract .I will be returning in 8-2012 if you want an older worker be fair and RV'ers will be good for your company. Nice co-works &amp; management. Meet new Rv friends and will see them each year when we return. I did not find any thing really hard to do. ", " Very nice place to work with really nice coworkers packing singles and multiple items ready to be shipped. The hardest part was being really fast, but that was something I learned easily. The Most Enjoyable part was interacting and helping each others with any doubt about some items. Even the managers were very helpful and we all felt like a family. It's a shame it was just for the christmas. ", " it was nice working there they paid well it just ended to fast ", " Amazon is a great place to work in and the training is awesome hands on. The people and managers are a very great help . They work with you if you need help. And there's always work . The bad thing about it is that there should be fans near the stowing areas . ", " Good place to work, lots of hours and great stock options. Fast paced work, seasonal overtime. ", " this is a very easy job, have been in the business for over 20 yrs. I know every job in a werehouse. ", " Job was simple and had opportunity to grow. Aside from getting used to being on your feet for 10 hours a day, it was a pretty simple job, and not overly demanding. ", " when you get hired they say you're a worker, and individual. no one knows your name there, you are a number, a droid set to do work. don't do that work fast enough or happen to miss a day for an emergency or being sick. you're fired. ", " is a fairly descent company to work for, the company has some pretty good benefits ", " I learned a few new skills at Amazon, i learned how to process returned goods, i learned how to drive a tug truck. I learned how to stow and i learned how to use scanner guns. Management gave us before and after shift briefs on targets. I got on very well with all the co-wokers that i worked alongside. I cannot pin point anytime of the day as being most enjoyable. ", " The job was very tiring after weeks and weeks of working there. Though it gets easier as the more time goes by. ", " A typical day at Amazon was to come in early in the morning get your assingment to what station you were going to be working at and work there for half the day then after lunch you would be assigned to a diffderent area so you don't have to do the same thing all day. While I was there I learned about their shipping process and how the conveyer belts worked. The management was good, I liked how every department had its own manager. Everyone who worked there was very nice. I always looked forward to coming in to work because everyone was always happy. The hardest part of the job was having to get up early but at the end of the week it was worth it. The most enjoyable part was getting paid at the end of the week and the incentives for hard work. ", " Overall the skills and experience in working at Amazon were wonderful. I had a very good mentor that taught me the ropes and I enjoyed the challenge of Sales Tax laws. ", " Do not take a Fulfillment Center manager position just because the pay is great. It is a lot of hard work, make sure you are a cultural fit for this. ", " Managers work 11-12 hours for a normal 10 hour shift, four days a week. During Peak (mid-Oct thru Dec) shift increases to 12 hours meaning managers are now work 14+ hour days and days worked eventually increase to six days per week. Amazon spends four weeks to train new employees, but little of the training teaches you how to do your job. Final two weeks are when a manager is supposed to mentor you, but few managers give any real effort to this (see hours worked above). Most coworkers are cooperative and work together. Associates generally work fairly hard, but push to meet rate can become distracting. Difficult to get senior management to acknowledge when you put best workers on difficult task resulting in lower rate ", " I had a great experience managing the inbound department of an Amazon Fulfillment Center. The challenges I faced kept me engaged and motivated every part of every day. The people I worked with, both the associates and the leadership team, were professional, genuine and simply good people which made the experience much more meaningful. Amazon\u2019s culture is inspiring; it incorporates all the aspects of positive leadership and motivating high performance. I would recommend anyone who asks me to work for Amazon. ", " i love working here at theis job and love what i do. i do alot of computer work and training. ", " they are not that nice to work for because you make one mistake and they have a right go at you. ", " Amazon might be good for middle age adults, but it isn't good for college students. They don't care about your school, finals, or sleep for classes. The management feels as if they're above you, and like you're an ant and they make sure to treat you in that manner. I would never recommend that anyone work at this job ever again. ", " Amazon will set you up to fail. Falsely accuse you of things when you were just doing your job. They harrass, bully and discriminate against there employees. This company like most has core values. But I was told that the core values (which more then likely were created by amazons founder Jeff Bazos) mean nothing and that all companies have them but no one follows them. Amazon also cheats the system, when it comes to cycle counts and following sorbainoxy/socs compliancy rules. If your boss (area manager) doesn't like you that person will do anything under the sun, including lying to get rid of you. Management needs to get into the same book, then work on getting on the same page. You do not learn alot at amazon because there training is very lacking, and once you do learn anything they change it and usually do not tell you so that you will fail. Concerning the protests in Seattle WA amazon is not installing air conditioning in its warehouses. Instead they are considered climate controll systems. All they are ment to do is try to keep the temp and humidity below 90 degrees. This way they do not have to give there employees an extended 5 minute break. The reason they are not considered air conditioning units, is that amazons warehouses are not insulated. Amazons main interest is to have only temporary employees rather then seasoned, trained, reliable and hard working amazon employees with benifits. Amazon in general is not a very people friendly place to work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I have been here a year and let me tell you, it is nothing as advertised.  Everyone in my chain of managers is past military with no ecomm or fulfillment experience.  Their main goal is to advance and make you look bad so they can move on.  My Ops manager has a west point degree and about 4 years of work experience.  He talks a huge game but is only out for himself.  It is a brutal work environment with nothing good to say to you no matter what kind of job you are doing.  13 hour days is typical, during peak look for 75-80 hour weeks with plenty of ridicule for what a bad job you are doing.    If you like working on Thanksgiving or Christmas eve or Easter then this is the place for you.  Their stock plan is the only thing going for them because their compensation pkg is poor.  Of course you have to survive 3-4 years to get the stock.  They will try their best to make that not happen.  They bring in young college graduates and then ruin them by running them and everyone else into the ground.  My facility is experiencing huge turnover because the labor market is tight.  Of course Sr Management blames the area managers for people quitting.  They just dont get it. But then again they would have to come out on the floor to understand anything and they wont do that.    Do your self a favor and pass this company by. ", " Amazon is a place full of super cool people doing a pretty basic job. It's not a hard job, but they ask you do it at an insane pace and are quick to punish you if you can't keep up. There are several \"Voice of the Associate\" or \"VOA\" boards where employees can write feedback to HR about the job experience, needs they have, etc. It can be anything from \"fix the fan in ship dock\" to \"why did they stop selling fruit in the break room?\" Anyway, HR is supposed to follow up on each and every associate's feedback on the board. And the feedback is supposed to be on the board for the whole facility to see. Well every so often we'll have visits from the news, from high schools, whatever, Amazon DOES NOT want anyone else to see the realities of the warehouse, so they remove everything from the VOA boards to keep outsiders from seeing the real thing. They have group meetings twice a day with your team which are called \"stand-ups.\" In these stand-ups they go over the goals for the day, how we're performing as a whole, updates in the facility, and then at the end of the 2-5 minute meeting they attempt to get everyone riled up and motivated to go back to the same job they do day in and day out. The hours are LONG. During peak season when you have mandatory overtime you don't see the sun. The sun is not a thing that exists. You start at 6 AM before the sun comes up and you end at 6 PM after the sun sets. You pray for breaks and fight for the roles that let you see natural light every so often. The concrete floors and metal stairs are terrible on your feet. If you're in a direct role and get ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> to stand on a mat all day, you'll be okay. But if you're running around all day on solid concrete for 10-12 hours a day, you're down for the count at the end of your shift. This job is basically just counting down to breaks for social time and the end of your shift for freedom. It seems great at first, but it wears you down fast. It's not worth it. Wait until corporate reforms the whole thing and we'll try again. ", " In a word, frustrating! So many contradictions among the leaders and employees. They claim they want precise, quality-driven people, but I don't know about that; those people seem to have been weeded out early on. Literally every employee knows that the only way to meet quota is to take shortcuts, although management will never admit to that. Amazon's corporate policy is customer-driven service - go above and beyond to ensure customer satisfaction, and profits will follow - but I haven't seen that in the fulfillment center(s). Rate is everything, and quality suffers tremendously as a result; and it's no wonder since our rates are constantly monitored almost in real time, and quality reports basically don't count against us. Instead of the job being about ensuring that the customer receives the correct item in at least good quality, it's just a game to see who beats whom, a race to see who wins; and the job culture is entirely to blame with the relentless pressure and incentives to do more, more, more. It's sad how many items are returned because they're not what was ordered, damaged, or both. ", " Person has to work 10 hours a day, 4 days a week. I have been working there for 3 years, there fore I have learned a lot about Amazon itself. I have been working in Inventory control and Quality assurance department, therefore I was familiar with every single process in the warehouse. I was a problem solver, therefore I was familiar with most systems that are used in Amazon, I was promoted to customer service, therefore I have learned about all connections between different warehouses and even different countries. I was team leaders assistant, therefore I have learned how to make responsible and effective decisions quickly, as well I have learned how to deal with big group of people, how to lead them, how to spread workload and etc. I have improved my computer skills, but mostly - personal skills. I have become more confident and communicative. Hardest part of the job was to find a way not to stay in a same position and to move forward. Amazon is a big company and seeking for higher position was really challenging. Most enjoyable part of the job was people with whom I had a chance to work, they were really friendly. As well I loved everyone's enthusiasm during peek time. And even after day of hard work I felt that my work was noticed, because I could feel that managers rely on me more and more. They kept improving my tasks. ", " The warehouse associate/order picker job is somewhat easy. But the work results into a lot of wear and tear on your body. So, they really should pay more than 10.50 an hour for 10 hours and day of straight labor. Your literally lifting something heavy all day.  However, I lost 10 pounds in two months. Really, because I had no time to eat; whether I was at home or work; too tired.  Also, if you can deal with all the teenagers and their horse-playing all day then your good. Most of them are very disrespectful and the young men have no home training nor respect for women no matter what your age is.   And, if hired through the temp service (Integrity) you don't get \"time in a half\" for working over time and holidays. Or lets just say theirs a little twist to it. They promise you 'time in a half' for holidays/overtime, but you only work 3 to 4 hours; so it adds up to a regular payday.  **Also, your promised '2 - 15 min. breaks' and one 30 minute break. However, the warehouse is so big that it takes you at least 3 to 5 mins. to get to front of building, and then your left with 8 mins for break. Your break starts when break time starts- not when you make it to front of building and same thing for lunch time.  Then you get wrote up for not being back to your location on time. I've been wrote up having 3 mins. left to get back to work location.   So, for future reference; if you consider working for Amazon make sure you get certified on the 'PIT' (order picker). This way you will be able to drive to front of warehouse for breaks and lunch.  I think the breaks should start ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> once you swipe out of building and end three minutes from the time you swipe back into the building. Instead of being wrote up 3 mins. before your 15 min. break is over. Because in reality; Once you clock in you can't cheat time. They have trackers for any location that you work in throughout the building. And they can even track when your not working and for how long.    And I have one 'pro' - at the end of your 90 day probation; everyone that had no absentee's and no write up's received Flat Screen tv's. And one outstanding worker received a brand new X-Box (write on time for Christmas). ", " At amazon i was a stower which meant that when i clocked in i would have to grab these carts full of merchandise and put them inside these bins that are filled as can be with items coming out of them and we have to keep them all organized and scan them in. Our rate you would have to keep a 214 rate an hour for small items which is impossible unless you just throw things in the bins or stack and block items which is something i never did. I followed the rules and took the carts in FIFO order which means First In First Out and i never cherry picked carts to get my rate high and my rate was low and they are constantly on you about rate and there is way too much favoritism there, i was just getting physically sick of being pushed to work like a dog there and if you had a problem with someone who was in a higher place they would find a way to get rid of you or give you a write up. The managers talk to you like your an idiot and never praise you for the work you do, the only time your manager speaks to you is if your rate is low and they have to give you a write up, and you only get 3 and then you have 90 days and if your rate or anything bad happens within those days, you will be terminated. I personally couldn't work at a place like this anymore, i don't want to come to a job and worry if i will be fired or be physically and mentally tired of going, i want to be praised and recognized for the hard work i do. ", " I was employed as an elf, sorry, 'associate'!, leading up to the 2015 Christmas period. The constant pressure to meet their ridiculous requirements, long hours, unreasonable pay and constant performance pressures and competition against everyone else to gain full employment and a 'Blue badge' is never ending and very unpleasant. Seriously the worst place I've ever worked at and the worst pays in my life! Forget statutory holidays such as Thanksgiving as they will require you to work as a slave regardless if it falls on your scheduled shift. You won't be paid any differently as a normal day but possibly given a piece of pumpkin pie for your efforts of sacrificing your rare time you should be spending with your family.  Seriously don't waste your time even if it sounds appealing! You're much better off looking elsewhere especially if you want to be treated like a human, paid like a human and have the entitlements that everyone so greatly deserves and have fought for, then treated like a machine or robot.   They seem concerned for safety but that's thrown out the window when you're required to pick, pack, bend, lift and squat at speeds that will never be safe to do so. You'll be constantly moved around from picking, packing, shipping, receiving, re-stocking, and back and forth various roles and parts of the monstrous warehouse that brings no satisfaction, enjoyment or consistency. You'll also be required to walk, well speed walk, 15-20km's a day in steel toed/ safety boots which will make your feet and legs ache like never before.  Watch out for employment opportunities through ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> SMX or affiliate labour hire companies as they deliberately don't advertise under the Amazon umbrella. You won't know this until you visit one of their temporary sites, usually set up leading up to peak seasons, and walk through the door when seeking employment. If you realize this walk straight back out and don't look back. ", " If you like sitting around all day, answering calls, and helping solve customer complaints for (starting rate) 10.00 an hour this is the job for you.. The recently changed their New-Hire Training, they pretty much just teach you how to use different computer programs to look up everything you need. This isn't a good job for you if you don't know how to navigate between multiple tabs. Management is overly-friendly, which is great if you need help there is someone there to lean on. They have potlucks all the time, they also have multiple break rooms which are great. There is a quiet room, which is a room where your not allowed to talk and they have a pretty decent sized library. They also have a Game room, which has a Foosball Table, a TV, Pool Table, and Corn Hole. (these were the only two I went to.) They also have a pretty big lunch area, that offers free popcorn, tea, coffee, and hot cocoa to all employees! There is multiple fridges, toaster ovens, and microwaves. There is also a bunch of tables to eat from, multiple TV's, Computers (for personal use), and a couch. You get two paid 15 minute breaks, and an hour lunch (unpaid) but you can get that switched to 30 minutes if you wish. If you can handle angry customers and sitting in a cubical all day this is the job for you. ", " There is a sense of family to the Amazon team, but if you're there for any length of time you realize that \"who you know\" is a huge factor at their call center in Kennewick, Washington. I was there for a few months longer than six years and watched qualified people get passed over for promotions several times while someone say, who went to a particular church, filled a particular  position.  The benefits are very fair at Amazon, and their 401K is great. The wage is also very competitive for this type of work. The building is modern and comfortable. Management plans several fun activities throughout the year to break up the monotony of call center work.  Amazon has monthly meetings and management does attempt to listen to the concerns of their associates. One thing they do which circumvents this is to remove the leadership and management teams from the production floor a great deal of the working day. I remember it being next to impossible to find leadership at times while having an angry customer on the phone.  Still - the job is fun, the environment comfortable, and if you can deal with the favoritism and management disappearing all the time, this is a great place to work. ", " On a daily basis you can take up to 50 contacts per day, this can be from phone call to reviewing emails that come in, I look at every contact and will work out what is required, this can be replacing the order or refunding, or to chase up with different carriers on were the order is.  I have learned to deal using different styles of communication with customes, as some customer just want the answer and then finish the contact an others want to hear in more details what the issues are and how to resolve them, with each contact you have to use patience and get a full understanding and putting yourself in the customers shoes, you need to bring in the personal touch with customers to make them feel that they are not speaking to a robot and that you are there for them, it does not matter what the product is or the cost.  Each managers have different styles of customer service, at the end of the day its the best for the customer what counts and to ensure that a resolution is completed.  The hardest part of the job is that you want to do more for the customer which at times this can not be done.  It is great to hear postive feedback from customer as I know that I have resolved there problem as is happy with the outcome ", " Truly the worst place I can imagine working. I had to wear shorts and tee shirts all winter because for some unknown reason they had the heat blasting. The second and third floors were nauseatingly hot. The building manager just told everyone to wear layers because it is colder outside.  Since Amazon is always looking for \"innovation\" it didn't matter if it actually improved anything as long as a manager could claim it did and make themselves look good. Pick paths were changed, making it harder to pick the required amount of items. If you didn't make quota you would be written up and later fired.  Almost all managers were hired from outside and never did the work the real employees did. The PAs were way more tolerable than the fresh out of college graduates they would hire to be managers.  If you trained people instead of giving you a raise for the peak months you were given a free dinner and an Amazon gift card. The temp agency is always having a hard time getting people to work during peak so I trained temps that made more per hour than me. What a great morale boost. I was making about $12.75 working nights training people making $14 who would quit in a few weeks.  You were expected to pick a certain amount of items in a night and to stay on task. If a manager noticed you hadn't scanned anything in a few minutes they would come find you and tell you to get back to work.  Dangerous bins overfilled with items would fall if you tried to take the wrong item out. The totes you picked into would fill themselves out so you might only be able to put a few items in it before ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> it assumed you couldn't fit the next item in it (or it would be to heavy) making shoes an absolute nightmare to try and pick.  Basically it was a terrible place to work and I am no longer an Amazon customer. ", " I worked 3rd shift at Amazon which was originally called Create Space when I first began as a temp in 2011 through a staffing agent. I worked from 6:30pm to 5am. Starting out as a production associate I was trained on the floor and began in shipping &amp; packing. Before being hired on permanent in 2012, I made it a priority to learn every position on the floor to become and ambassador who' s duties were to train all new associates in whatever area of the floor they were placed. In 2013 Amazon management and HR offered the opportunity for the Process Assistant Position which was like assistant manager to the Area Managers and I interviewed and was given the position. I continued to 2014 and in between time was in a very bad car accident, went out of work for a few months, attempted to return but could no longer perform job duties and had a difficult time with transportation to and from work. I decided to resign and make sure my body was fully healthy before returning to the job scene. The hardest part of the job was after getting a promotion I had built friendships with a lot of my co-workers and being placed in a management position a lot of them didn't fully cooperate but being in a leadership role I was able to keep work and friendships separated. The best part of the job was the growth and learning experiences I had and also the pay and benefits. ", " Basically all you would do is scan, pile, and wrap boxes. You have a certain quota to meet when you are scanning boxes. You have to do 165 boxes per hour. It is an easy job but very demanding. Management is okay. You would hardly ever talk to them unless it is something important or morning briefing. Some are nice and some don't care that you are there. Co-workers are great you would meet a lot of people and make a lot of friends as well. The hardest part of the job is trying to make scan meets everyday. You get all types of different boxes and you have to get 3 at a time and scan them to pallets. If you don't meet them you will be talked to about what is going on. You might even be let go if you can't keep up or move to slowly. One thing I hate is you don't always know when you are going home. Depending on daily demands for how many boxes need to be sent out and ready, tells you when you go home that day. For example, if there needs to be 97,000 sent out that day they will split it between both shifts. Then depending how fast everyone scans tells if you are going home on time. If you work a 9am to 1pm shift and they thing that the boxes won't get sent out in time then they will add an extra hour. You will then have to leave at 2pm if you can't stay till 2 and leave at 1pm you will get points. You have to make 6 points to get terminated. ", " A typical day would be doing one job to the next and then going to another area if they needed help there. Putting shoes on the self and having a friendly conversation from time to time. I learned a lot in a little time. I learned how to build work related relationships with my co-workers. How to apply team work into a working environment. I learned a lot of different skills and time management.    The management had its up and downs. I liked my managers and they helped me out a lot. Sometimes people felt they were favoritism being put in role. But I did enjoy having the feeling they were there for me and would help if I needed it. My co-workers were friendly and polite. They made the job fun and interesting. I met some great people while working there.   You always have those few rotten apples in the bunch but management did a good job at getting them out. The hardest part of the job was the adjusting to moving departments two or three times a day. Once you got the hang of it that all came natural. The most enjoyable part of the job was the \"family time\" you get when we would have culture days. Those were days when they take maybe 15-30 minutes off the work day and do activities in the warehouse to get you involved and meet people you work with and get to know them better. ", " Amazon is a great place to buy things at a discount, but isn't much of an employer to say the least. I worked, there for seven months and experienced poorly trained, un-empathetic management, unreasonable physical demands, and a culture set on treating associates as cheap commodities. Human resources were never on the associate's side on anything. Upper management was only concerned with numbers and not concerened about how their goals affect the well being of the front line.  I had to leave early one night because my contact (quite visibly) ripped ( I only wear one because of an issue with my other eye). My manager completely refused to excuse the absence even when I offered to bring in documentation stating my prescription and why I obviously wouldn't be able to work in a fast-paced warehouse environment without a contact. HR and the operations manager sung the same tune. That was what did it for me.  If you are willing to work in an environment where management is almost never on your side, you are physically responsible for their mistakes, and the overriding unwritten rule is to make you think that it's YOUR idea to quit, Amazon might be the place for you.  I wouldn't expect to stay too long though, and if you manage to, more power to you. ", " There was an incredible convenience in being able to wake-up and login to my home computer to work.  All communication with other employee's was done through various channels, such as software, message boards, email, and other digital mediums.  I learned a lot about supporting retail, helping customers with their accounts, orders, deliveries, various services offered by Amazon, and their line of Kindles.  Essentially, anything a customer could do at amazon.com, or anything they had an issue with pertaining to their account or orders, I had to be able to answer for.  The most enjoyable part of the job was working from home and helping customers with their issues.  However, while Amazon prides themselves on customer service, they also demand their employees abide by call statistics, something they don't tell you in training.  This causes customer service associates to want to get off the phone as swiftly as possible, and many times customers are not receiving the type of support that could truly help.  I also had many customers tell me they have received mixed information from various technicians through multiple calls to Amazon.  This is clearly due to the fact that employees are not given adequate training, and they're expected to abide by call stats.  I personally feel quality is better than quantity. ", " RIC2  the typical workload at Amazon really wasnt too bad, only a lot of moving around. the 2 biggest problems i had, were the other employees, and management. the way i see it, Amazon aims to hire people with lower intelligence so they can move them around more and sometimes do things theyre not supposed to, and not get caught with it. i met several people who ended up going over 60 hours a week because they couldnt manage it properly, as well as a few people whom i honestly had to question whether they could read or not.  there was one guy i was working with, his wife went into labor while he was working, and amazon didnt tell him about it. he literally got off work to find out he had a child, and his wife had to deliver alone without him at his side for comfort.  i was also refused sick leave after getting a back injury, an injury i continued to work with for a month. im still dealing with back spasms.  another thing: we were all garuanteed 40 hours worth of pay every week. after peak season ended, theyre only getting half of that.  overall, if youre looking for a short term job that pays well, this is a good oppritunity. but dont expect to be treated right for long. Amazon does not care about you or your life, only the fact that you can play the role of a worker ant. im not sure how RIC1 is, or any other locations either, but as it stands, RIC2 is sub-par at best. i personally quit as soon as i had the chance. ", " I worked seasonal for this job for 3 months(Oct.-Dec.) to make some extra cash. First off the half train you. Everything is about numbers and how fast you can go. Im telling you now, if you think for a second that this job is easy then dont bother coming here. They will work you to death! The position i was doing was called \"Stowe\". They put you on one side of the warehouse and give you a U-Boat and it has 9 bins, and you have to put whatever products in them on a shelf. Sounds easy? No! You have to walk up and down ailes to find open spots to put each and ever item in the bin in. One bin may be full of salt shakers, little toy soilders and lets just say, playing cards. Ever item has a certain section it has to be in. For instance, little stuff like batteries and books cant be together. You have to put things that are the same size together. Some people walk about for hours trying to find a spot to put their items.  You get graded, i think weekly on your performance. Even though you may be seasonal you get treated like a real worker which means you can get fired. If you are slow putting up items a manager will come find you and write you up. You use a gun to scan items and put them up. After you get three write ups, they fire you. After thanksgiving you go into blackout season. Nobody can request a day off. I would come home and sleep for 10hours. On my day off. My advice is if you're going to work here, only come there as a part time associate. I hope this was somewhat helpful. ", " I learned so much whilst working within Amazon.  A typical day would have been answering calls ad emails from customers, asking questions about an order they made or about an order they would like to make. I learned alot about dealing with negative and positive customers, it has given me a more positive attitude in my work and personal life. I was able to help my co workers when they needed a little more information but did not have the time to find for themselves. The hardest part of the job was dealing with customers you genuinely could not help until a certain time frame, asking them to wait for something they should have received maybe even a week before hand was never easy because you know the majority of the time the out come was going to be negative. The most enjoyable part was they were quite fun, they would send little quizzes through your emails when it was quiet and there would be prizes. also at the end of each year they had a \"camal Race\" which was basically a performance race, the better you were at your job overall teh more points you got. it was held within teams and then throughout the company. I was lucky enough to win first prize within my team. If i was given the opportunity to continue working there in my new location i would most definitely have taken it. ", " A typical day as a Lead coach is very exciting. We go in and go to stand ups ( every morning each locating ( packing, picking, stowing...etc) have a stand up there they tell us how we did the day before, what they expect for that day and we also stretch. Than everyone go to where they are suppose to go and I go and talk to all our associates and new introduce myself to new ones. Around 8;30 am we have a meeting and there we pass out deliverable s and talk about whats expected for that day. We than go and pass our deliverable s to our associates ( deliverable s are Point reviews, write us. proof of education, and Positives). Than we go ask managers for rates and work with those whose rates are very low and show them things so that they can make rate. Those whose rates are great we go and let them know and keep motivating them and ask if they need any help. After i am done w that i go and put information on computer and so on. I learn different things every day i mean we have all type of cultures working at amazon, i love how i can talk to different people and learn new things. My cow- workers ( HR team) are the best people ever and they are always wiling to help me in anything i need. The hardest part of my job is having to walk somebody out because of their rates. the most enjoyable part of my job is being able to talk to everyone. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Amazon is a great, fast growing company to work for. There are few dull moments. ", " Amazon has the most unrealistic measurable \"rates\" (read: quotas) I have ever seen. If you have a certain number of items to be packed, sorted or pulled they want no excuses. example - - if you are required to process/sort , say, 500 items per hour but spend over half that time waiting for items to be brought to you they don't care, you are still expected to process 500 items in an hour. This is most often physically impossible. Likewise if you are packing orders they expect 60 (later 80) items packed per hour (including enclosures and outside labels) but do not allow for changing tape dispenser, problems with the air pillow machine, conveyor stoppage or lack of cartons needed to pack the items they don't want to hear about it.. Also for packing your work station changes from day to day, with different locations for tape dispenser, air pillow machine and cartons at each location. This makes improving on your rate nearly impossible. ", " The working conditions alone were terrible. Management had no clue what they were doing, and that includes upper management. ", " It 's a great place to work for Amazon.. It's only thing is short break that we have to rushing like crazy that we have ten mintes break and 25 mintes for lunch break that only thing I dislike this .. ", " Amazon is an awesome place to work. the management staff is very open-minded. ", " since i worked the evening shift it was not as hard as i had been told, during a typical day i would have to be allocated to certain stations to deal with totes of items all selctive depending on the order that had came thorugh, i would then pack them in boxes in a certain style and but them on a belt that would take it to shipping/loading areas. i learnt how to hit targets and also maintain a constant rythem of work. the management would be great as they would have regualr meetings and take in anthing we would say as long as it was reasonable. i was congratulated on being a hard worker and coming second highest productive worker withing the seasonal workers. the hardest part of the job for me was packing the big boxes and hit targets at the same time , but the managemnet were very understanding and knew that it takes longer to pack them and the most enjoyable part of the job was being congratulated for our hard work ", " great place to work. good people very well oriented good invironment ", " Amazon is a fun place to work, i enjoyed my time there. It is very well organised with plenty of support if needed. There is always someone to help with any problems that may arise in the workplace.  I had never used a RF gun/ hand scanner before but was shown in great detail how they worked.  The management were very hands on and always approachable with any questions or concerns that arose.  The hardest part of the job was lack of job security, it could end at any time and that was the most difficult part.  Most of my co workers were a joy to work with. As with all workplaces everyone did not get along. ", " A very good company to work for and good benefits. A very customer centric company, goes out of the way to take care of customer expectations. ", " they dont pay you any where near enough for the amount of work they have you do. ", " Great mangement and employees. Also work done in timely matter everyday. Job duties were to Pick and package items to be shipped out to customers.Scan picked or returned items into system for record. Carried boxes to conveyer belt to be shipped . Trained newly hired empolyees. Quality assurance levels ", " Work at a cubicle for 8 hour day, taking phone calls assisting with customer accounts and orders (how to place one, arrived late, broken, incomplete or not at all, refunds, replacements, etc.) I was hired for the holidays, from October to February. I learned how to use the kindle fire on the job also, but didn't quite get comfortable answering questions about the other kindle models and apps. Their kindle training could use some work, it was just two days of videos / questions, no hands on. They start you off with 2 weeks of training--one is in a classroom setting with computer modules to teach about customer service skills and such, then they have you take actual calls for a couple days with alot of help available (permanent employees with advice / answers.) Management was fantastic, kind and helpful. They do ask mandatory overtime (extra 2 hours a week at least) during Nov-Jan time period, and you are signed up for it if you don't volunteer to do it first. Once a week they review your numbers and ask you how you think you can improve / set goals. (numbers they look at=your call time, and your expressed dissatisfaction rate. each customer has a chance to say if their problem was solved or not, and if it wasn't you get a \"no.\") Co-workers are awesome; its atmosphere is ripe with starwars / dr. who nerds, and they emphasize accepting diversity in the workplace. The hardest part of the job was the rude, impatient callers, although it was maybe at most 15% of the callers. Sometimes it was quite understandable, like their 48 inch TV showed as delivered when they weren't even home...Amazon ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> CSA's take the fall for UPS / FedEx bad choices. In the end the problems like that are fixed though. The most enjoyable part was the co workers, the funny callers / unique callers with odd items or different personalities, as well as a chance to learn, if you're willing. ", " Little structure with high pressure environment. Mandatory work on Christmas and extremely demanding work schedule. Management is lacking and orientation to leadership positions lack clarity and information. ", " The build was hot and you was alone the whole time you there. If you did see any coworkers you was not to speak to them do that you got a rate that's timing you while you there. ", " Great, smart, dedicated people. Great company values. Fast-paced. Very productive. Result oriented. ", " I loved it there. It was a good place too work and the people are AMAZING!!! ", " Applied to a job was told they eliminating position and they retracted the job post. They reposted the EXACT job a few days later... gee could it be that I've got all the qualifications they listed and they don't want me b/c I'm too old? ", " I enjoyed working at the amazon warehouse it was a great work environment with great employees. I learned alot about how amazon operates and alot about shipping,, the job was fairly easy ", " good pay hot in summer intensive very nice people very responsive management team ", " picking orders ( books,cds,dvds) for the customers and distributing them according their code or number and loading them in truck "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " If you love to spend lots of time developing software or fix legacy systems, it's a great place to work. People are energetic and deal with cutting edge technology. However, lots of churn -- software gets obsolete very quickly. ", " Company moves very fast offering many opportunities for growth ", " Organization and operation of daily assignment. Responsible for researching grant information, development of proposal documentation and presentation. Case load of clients for therapy and social skills development. Anger management skills classes, parenting skills classes, individual and family behavior modification workshops. ", " It was a long standing job where you got to work with others at a high pace. Working for rate and maintaining that rate though out the night and keeping it at a study pace. The hardest part is standing a long period of time. All Managers are on the learning curve with the assoicates. ", " picking and packing management skills really good managers enthusiastic workers working overtime was the hardest part meeting new people the most enjoyable ", " At the time. That i worked at amazon i felt that there was no stability there. ", " I worked here twice, both times through integrity staffing. They will tell you that there are chances to be converted to amazon employees but I wasn't so lucky. I worked in shipping either sorting packages, stacking packages onto pallets or loading trucks. Management could have been better. Problems could be avoided but they take no action to prevent them and barely do anything to fix them when they occur. During peak season they have so many people working there (mostly pickers and packers) that there is literately nowhere to park. I had to walk about 5 minutes to get to the entrance. Kind of crazy to have 2000 pickers, 1000 packers and only 20 to 40 people in shipping. Not to say it was always bad there , they did order pizzas and other special food for us. They provided us with free Gatorade all summer and fresh fruit. Just don't count on it becoming a permanent job. I left secure, but lower paying jobs twice to work there and they left me unemployed 2 days before Christmas, Both times. I will not go back. ", " I liked working at amazon, but the pay could be a little more for the work that you perform ", " At amazon.com you are busy most of the time you really dont get to spend time with co-workers since it is mostly independent work. ", " work-life balance is good Professional environment Good compensation ", " I sit in a cubicle and troubleshoot and support the Amazon Kindle. I have done many projects for design and development improvement across the network. I've also participated in focus groups to help support the company. Everyone is so easy to get along with and everything is easy to learn and adapt to . Hardest part are some of the calls or dealing with customers. The most enjoyable part would be the ease of having a flexible schedule, getting off early and everyone is so friendly to you. ", " Overall I have enjoyed Amazon the last 2 years. Around the holidays you may work 12 hr days and as many as 5 of them, but the paycheck sure looks great afterwards. Be prepared to walk ALOT depending on which facility you work at. The good news is walking 15 miles a day leads to amazing weight loss. There is a lot of internal promotion, which sometimes leads to people rotating out of position semi regularly. The pay itself is so-so.generally under 32k for hourly associates, including lead positions. On the other hand stock options annually as well as cheap medical dental and optical insurance are definitely nice to have. ", " received product into building so stowers could replenish the shelves/ also researched purchase orders. How to multi-task in researching purchase orders to attach to products. Managament worked very hard to help with production worked extremely well with co workers. walking more than 10 to 15 miles a day working with awesome people ", " What I like is that you get little supervision and you feel good about getting the job done. I like that they have coffee for their employees. ", " worked 4 days out of the week 10 hour days with one 15 min break and 30 min lunch, long hours. co-workers were friendly. hardest part was working hard long hours and having little time for breaks. ", " I had a great time working there. The only thing i had a problem was that i had no idea when i was going to get let go so it may of hurt my production a little bit. the fact that i was walking for about 15 miles a day so i wasn't sitting or standing around. ", " loading paccages 2 trucks pulling ordes..a lot of team work... ", " They grade you on everything you do, even knowing when you go to the restroom. ", " i loved the freedom that was given to me at Amazon.com, it was a relaxed fun work place. ", " tell us our goals for the night and encourage us to reach them and send us to work. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " I have been with the company for a few years now. As any job it has its ups and downs. I have seen managers come and go. Lately they have been acting upon employee concerns and people skills. During peak, it is always a mad house. I have learned so much in the field I am in. I would always recommend this if you have trades skills or a degree in a position. As far as the warehouse labor, it is a lot of walking and always have to worry about rate. ", " Amazon.com is an amazing company to work for; the employees are hard working, very productive and tons of fun to work with. All employees are passionate about their job and with that being said that pushed me to work harder each day. ", " After being hired by Integrity Staffing Solutions for the Christmas peak, I was hired permanently by Amazon in February. So far I enjoy working there as a Pick Associate. The only bad side is you have to work along side some folks that don't work as hard as they should so that can be frustrating. I try to just work as hard as I can at a consistent rate. ", " A typical day at work was answering the phone ans assisting customers with orders and website help. As well as assisting customers with Kindle tech support, replacing Kindles and placing orders for new Kindles. The people I worked with were fun, and management was down to earth and easy to talk to about anything no matter if it was work related or in your personal life. ", " The management like to pick favorites and those favorites are more likely to advance rather than the person who worked there much longer. I loved working with my co-workers. As a matter of fact, they were the glue to my employment while I was there. The job was easy if you are a fast a worker and like to stay busy. If you don't like to work, don't work there. We had lots of fun on day to day basis while staying busy. ", " The people and fellow co-workers were easy to get along with and hardworking but the management was horrible. The stated rules were changed daily so you never knew if you would get fired for doing what they told you to do the day before ", " The job had good pay but was not enough for what was needed for the employer. Could be stressful at times and very fun at times. ", " The company focuses on the employee's experience at work, making sure the working conditions are comfortable and in a safety environment. It was a great experience working for Amazon.com. ", " Typical day includes of unloading and receiving freight or picking stocked freight. The management could be a little better on a employee to management ratio. Co-workers are generally on task all day. The hardest part of this job is the walking everywhere ", " I currently work in a fast paced environment, work under pressure to meet deadlines, one on one training/coaching/motivating/develpoing associates.  I have learned nemerous processes in Inbound and Outbound, classes for training associates and improving standard work, to think outside of the box, that there are many ways to approach certain situations and how to approach different associates.  My co-workers are amazing to work with. We have a bond of respect and through motivating, we have accomplished so much as a team.  The hardest part of my job is working graveyard shift because I dont have time for myslef/family  The most enjoyable part of my job is when all goals and % to plan has been met or exceeded. ", " Excellent Management, difficult to fit in, great pay, management has high expectation of MBA grads ", " Job responsibilities included but were not limited to: Walking 8-12 miles per day satisfying customer orders by picking the items and sending them off to the packing department. ", " Typical call center day - 50-70 calls. Lots of updated training. Freedom to help customers. Plenty of room for advancement. High starting salary.  Very repetitve job. Lots of the same calls over and over. ", " I started with amazon.com in June 2011 under a 6 month contract and was let go on November 2011 from the contract, reason unknown. but the contract was ending so was released as employee instead of being kept as full employee. My only complaint is that they start you out as a temp and if you are meeting the company standards but the contract ends and they do not keep you then you are out as quick as you are in. As for benefits they might be great but as temp do not get them until full employee with the company. So just to sum up how I feel about Amazon.com as a employee, I would have to say awesome to work for a stress free work environment and great people to work with. ", " Ten hour shifts, fifteen minute \"breaks\" were actually five minute breaks and the 30 minute \"lunch\" was actually 20 minutes at best.. You are your production rate - nothing more and nothing less. Firing seasonal employees for not meeting their rates yet totally ignoring safety issues. The work was exhausting but I have a new appreciation for the \"permanent\" employees who work the long shifts. ", " It felt like you were partnered up with Amazon. Of course this is where I self taught myself about online marketing and the first way I ever made real money. It's up to you how you learn to drive this business because you're doing all the social media work and etc to get people to click and buy through your link. The downfall was the fact that you didn't make much money at the very beginning. ", " My typical work day was simple: Received products inbound; shipped customer orders outbound; Input data for inventory tracking. One of the most important things I learned while working with Amazon.com was that no question is a bad question. My management team were very helpful and inquisitive. The hardest part about being a Receiver was four consecutive 60+ hour work weeks during December. Laslty, the most enjoyable part of my day was coming home to my family and telling them about my work day. ", " Alot of standing, interacting with people, got to be team motivated,got to be willing to work n work extremely hard ", " A typical day at amazon, will be get in the system, then do what the system says, I've learned to do an organized job with caution and quality, my co-workers usually are tired to socialize with others.. that makes me feel sad :( the hardest part of the job is to achieve my rate, and the most enjoyable part of the job is when my manager comes to me and say: \"pretty good job Sonia\" ", " I liked the energy, everyone was vey positive all the time, the managers were motivating and always had ansers to questions. Very fast-paced and days went by fast. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Nice environment to work at. Friendly people. Also a nice way to exercise because you had to walk a lot during the day to get to one place from another. I also like the schedule they had, but i think an hour lunch instead of 30 minute lunch woul;d have been better. ", " Very little \"culture\" at Amazon. Compared to similar tech companies, they are poor, purposely poor.  If this is important to you, look elsewhere. I'm not talking about free food or foosball tables, I'm talking about \"Do they care (much) about the people who work there?\" The answer is, \"No, not really.\" ", " The tasks that are asked of the associates are simple and can be easily done consistantly during our 10 hours shifts, although, there is little space to show other abilities and knowledge. It is also very difficult to advance in the company. ", " Ive worked at the Amazon fufillment cernter for a few months. It was offered to me as a temp job through smx of lewisberry, PA. The training was great, the fellow employees are great. But i must say that the management at smx does a pretty poor job. They hire about fifty people a day for over a week. The hours are then cut down by the previous employees who have been there for a while. Then they lay off everyone that has recently came in due to the scheduling problems due by management. In my opinion its a great place to work but the management needs a bit of a touch up. ", " I like the people I work with. Everyone gets along. I like the job I have. But working for that staffing agency isn't the best. They say you have the chance to be converted, but they basically play games with you. Lay offs are random, and they do it in front of everyone. No respect. ", " My work days are very busy from the minute I walk in to work till the time I leave. I have at least 3 meetings and at most 5 meetings through out the day with senior management or business users. My co-workers are friendly and supportive. The management has very high expectations of their employees. Everything is always a very urgent matter and things need to fixed almost immediately. This I would say is the hardest part of my job. Everything that I am working on is extremely urgent and in need of immediate attention. But it is this environment that has provided me with the perfect atmosphere to increase my knowledge base. I learned something new everyday which is a very enjoyable experience for me. ", " the job not based on your skills but how well you perform walking everyday ", " Mostly full time temp. jobs. if you are into walking you'll love it. we average fifteen to as much as twenty miles a day. they really push the hydration always pushing for you to drink plenty of water. my co workers were great most all of which were temps. wear sturdy and comfortable shoes!! great company over all always felt welcome and appericated. ", " Started there as a lead, Wasnt a bad place to work. Moved out of the area. ", " Training new and old employees, handling food and customer serivce is a typical work day. Learned about food saftey and prep. management was a weak point of job. Very much enjoyed freinds made there. Nothing about the job was very hard at all. work enviroment was the most enjoyable part of the job. ", " Alot of work and alot of constant moving . Must be able to make rate and maintain rate. Must be willing to be flexible or noone will make it in this workplace of business. ", " My typical day at work started at 6am in the morning. first all of the pickers so we can get ready to work. then when were all done we all split up and go pick whatever our scanners tell us to. Our first brake is at 10 ends at 10:15 then we go back to work. Then our lunch brake starts at 12 ends at 12:30. Our last brake is at 3:30 to 3:45 then we get off work at 7pm until the next day. ", " Your raises go down each year you are there (four max). You get stock options each year, but when it is close to turn them over to you, they will fire you for some trumped-up reason to keep from letting you have the stock. They don't want anyone in there more than four years so they won't have people asking for raises. If they like your work, they will hire you from the agency you are with, then fire you after three more years. ", " good company and great supervisor treats you really good other employees are ok ", " nice place to work in. i had fun there. they play music as you work so that helps the day go by faster. ", " i liked it for a while but it was to much time away from my faimly and my home responsabillity ", " The workplace is very busy and a great place to work. With great benefits and great compensation pay monthly ", " the management staff with the amazon side of the house was great. however, the way that the company works you and then just discards you kind of leaves a sour taste in your mouth ", " This place is good for a part time or seasonal job. But as a full time job it would be hard to deal with the people and the environment. ", " It was a great job, until hours started to fade. Managers don't know how to treat employers. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Started on early november 2013. When I started there was almost 600 people as smx temps. We busted our butts. Knocked out all our worked/orders for christmas. As christmas became close less and less people showed up to work. Fear of getting laid off was on everybodys' mind. Two weeks after christmas out of 500-600 smx only less than 20 people were left. Including me. Last week some more people got laid off. They told me once we completed our conversion paper we would pretty much get hired on. I felt a major weight lifted off my shoulders. I was happy and thought of all my hard work I done finally paid off. I asked one HR about the result of my conversion and how is it going on. He pretended like he didn't know. But he knew the last 20smx people would get laid off so he simply said I will get an email in a week or two. I was told by smx coaches that if I'm still here after two waves of phone calls I will get the job. Well I survived 2 waves of phone calls. BUT! They didn't tell everyone that there was actually 3 waves of phone calls. And I got laid off today right when I was getting ready for work. Why would you hired us then fire on. We have bills to pay. Most of the people i know that was in the 20 smx left told me they got laid off as well. You brought our hopes up and you dropped it and stomp on our faces. Some of the coaches talk trash to us just because they get a dollar more than us. Then after peak was over they were orange vest again and doesn't talk trash to us. They wanted that power. My gsp1 leader was a true leader. He actually understand us when our rates were low. ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> Most of my picking on the OP was at K racks and was hard to bring up my rates. But some nights I went over my rates. I finally started to get used to everything and now I'm laid off with no job. I kinda did like the place the people was nice. They really did care about safety. My only hope is if I could work there again. ", " Work at a cubicle for 8 hour day, taking phone calls assisting with customer accounts and orders (how to place one, arrived late, broken, incomplete or not at all, refunds, replacements, etc.) I was hired for the holidays, from October to February. I learned how to use the kindle fire on the job also, but didn't quite get comfortable answering questions about the other kindle models and apps. Their kindle training could use some work, it was just two days of videos / questions, no hands on. They start you off with 2 weeks of training--one is in a classroom setting with computer modules to teach about customer service skills and such, then they have you take actual calls for a couple days with alot of help available (permanent employees with advice / answers.) Management was fantastic, kind and helpful. They do ask mandatory overtime (extra 2 hours a week at least) during Nov-Jan time period, and you are signed up for it if you don't volunteer to do it first. Once a week they review your numbers and ask you how you think you can improve / set goals. (numbers they look at=your call time, and your expressed dissatisfaction rate. each customer has a chance to say if their problem was solved or not, and if it wasn't you get a \"no.\") Co-workers are awesome; its atmosphere is ripe with starwars / dr. who nerds, and they emphasize accepting diversity in the workplace. The hardest part of the job was the rude, impatient callers, although it was maybe at most 15% of the callers. Sometimes it was quite understandable, like their 48 inch TV showed as delivered when they weren't even home...Amazon ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> CSA's take the fall for UPS / FedEx bad choices. In the end the problems like that are fixed though. The most enjoyable part was the co workers, the funny callers / unique callers with odd items or different personalities, as well as a chance to learn, if you're willing. ", " When I first started I LOVED this job. Most of the co-workers are awesome. Just under 7 months later, I absolutely hate my job. I wake up mad knowing that I have to go. This is when I finally noticed that you are not allowed to have teamwork. They tell you to work as a team but really they don't want you to. You are only to care about you, yourself and forget eveyone else. It is the first co-ed prison. Sadly, prisoners have more freedom than we do. God forbid you speak to one of your co-workers. The managers talk down to, belittle you and act as if you are beneath them. They don't focus on an associates strengths, they focus on their weaknesses, setting you up for failure. And watch out because if the higher ups see you as a threat (as in, taking their position) they will target you to get you out the door. You get wrote up for everything (helping a co-worker, missing rate, points, etc.). It's very hard, fast paced work which doesn't really bother me. What bothers me is the way associates are treated. Another example is that I had a family member pass away. 3 days later (haven't even had the funeral yet) I was being barked at about providing proof that there was a death in my family. No \"are you ok\", \"how you holding up\", \"is there anything we can or do you need anything\". All I heard was \"we need proof today or you're gonna get pointed for the days you missed\". The pay is very little for the work you do and the treatment you get. Breaks are 15 minutes (actually 10, you have to be back to your station before the first bell rings or you get written up) and lunch is only 30 min ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> (you have to pack your lunch because there is nothing around and the closest place takes your whole lunch time to go through the drive thru and get back). Now don't get me wrong, not all of the managers there treat you horribly. Some of them are wonderful and treat you with respect. They don't all treat you like a number. ", " PROS:  Decent benefits, stock in the company which vests after a year of employment, limited direct interaction with higher-ups. Pretty much everyone who works here (except management) is awesome. You can look however you want and you can smoke cigarettes on your designated breaks.   CONS: In the orientation we were told that we could move up quickly. I've been here for 7 months and am still in the same position. I don't consider myself to be the \"average Amazon employee\" either. The orientation lasted much longer than estimated and many people including myself were late to their current jobs, some were even fired because they could not have a phone on them during the orientation to alert their employer of their tardiness.   You're treated like a number. There's no sick leave, only personal time or unpaid time. If you have to go to the doctor or attend a funeral there is no documentation which will be accepted to cover for it. You pretty much can't use the restroom while you're working in stow or pick because it will cut into your rate which is already nearly impossible to meet.   If too many people leave early at the end of the previous week, OT will be called the next week to punish them. MGMT has clearly stated that OT is NOT called due to volume. Most of the time when OT is called, they end up sending people home via \"VTO\" either right at the beginning of the shift, or an hour later. VTO means that you go home with no penalty and are not paid. They get around having to pay you for your scheduled shift by calling it 'voluntary' time off.   Compared to most warehouses, ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> pay is not that great. 12.5/hr for days, 13 for nights. Incentive is offered in the form of 'RIC Bucks' which can be redeemed for clothing and accessories boasting the Amazon logo at the 'swag store.' This way, Amazon gets free advertising and doesn't have to pay employees any bonuses or commission for exceeding expectations.   This is the first job I've ever been written up at. Trust me, if you work here, you WILL get written up at least once. ", " If you're looking to work in an exciting IT environment with opportunities to set up servers, install or upgrade operating systems, or even just looking at providing everyday IT Support with general IT issues like repairing a users laptop. Then AVOID Amazon Logistics. The role is a highly repetitive , where you will be expected to do plenty of data entry, move and send different boxes (e.g assets tags, barcode scanners etc) Asset tag devices (stick a number on a piece of equipment). AND that's just to start with.  You will also be expected to:  - Set up android driver devices on a daily basis, and not just a few we are speaking up to 200 devices a week. Yes that's correct the same task again and again, all day everyday. - Send these devices back when they have been broken and repeat the process above. - Deal with a manager who you will hardly see, who will never ask how you are doing and only ask for more android devices, expect them to also talk at you with no chance of a real conversation. - Plenty of promises which will not be kept. - Delegation of repetitive tasks on top of your already busy work load of repetitive tasks. - More data entry on systems to do with the companies inventory, the companies online phone portal, their package tracking system which you won't even get to play with, you'll only get to add the android devices on. - Deal with angry staff with actual IT issues coming in and not having any resources to help them(e.g \"can you fix my laptop\", sorry we don't have a server that can do that on site)  If you do however work in a supermarket and wish ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> to change roles to have a change and like doing bad tasks which don't involve IT, then join Amazon Logistics. They pay well but expect a poor career and social life.  However though operations is the exciting part of the business, seeing how past the parcels can come from the fulfilment centre to a delivery depot ready for drivers to ship all within less than 24 hours. ", " This was a pressure cooker of a job for me.   I was asked for ETAs on things I knew little about daily and had to provide a 100% sure answer with absolutely never seeing any of the code I was supposed to work. They use no carrots here.  It's all sticks.   And when you do a great job and get 10 miracles done in 2 day they will throw 10 more insane tasks at you to get done in 2 or 3 days.    Because everyone is so over tasked it's extremely hard to get others time for background help. I would only say that the pay was good and there are really smart people there. But the turn-over is the worst I've ever seen.  I've been there 6 months and 6 people have left and gone in my group.  4 have come and left in that very short period of time.  And most were good workers that just didn't want the level of stress.  I consider myself extremely driven and this place was too much for me.  My health is more important than a few extra bucks.   Run from this place despite the enticement of money.  They clearly put NO value in there employees.    There's nice people to work with... those are the miserable ones generally...  and there's complete ruthless task masters.   I had 3 managers for just me... one developer.  Usually it's the other way around and you will have 3 developers for one manager.  But for me it was reversed.  Just bad management if you ask me.   I finally pushed back to get more developers and they got an intern.    So little investment in developers in my opinion.  You will quickly go from 40 to 45 to 50 hours in no time.  You can probably get by with 50 hours ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> working extremely hard.  But more like 60 hours will be the norm if you don't want that much stress. I worked 8am to 6:30 pm most every day on average (with some days leaving as late as 8pm) and it is non-stop every second of every minute of every hour at 100% with very few breaks.  Just to give you a reference point.  Maybe this is because I was a contractor.  But it seemed the same for full time as well to me. ", " Positives: If you want to be a innovator then this is the company for you. This company will literally let you try anything to better the business. The tricky thing is that there is so much innovation that takes place from a lot of really smart people that I feel the execution phase of the operation is sometimes effected due to constant change. Also, if you have a strong desire to serve the customer (internal &amp; external) then you couldn't find a better to company to work for in my opinion. Amazon exists to serve customers and there is nothing that will ever come before the customer.    Really the best part of the job are the people you work with on a daily basis. I can thoroughly say that working with my peers has been the best part of the job. Amazon does a great job at hiring smart, driven, and dedicated individuals.  Downside: Because Amazon exists to serve the customer and the demand is so great the work/life balance can get thrown off very easily. \"Peak\" is rough and everyone is putting in about 70 hours per week for at least 1 month. The company does a great job at really stepping up their game for managers because they are always feeding you and trying to keep things fun, but its still a grind.   The biggest downside is the development piece! Amazon has a great initial development program as they will bring you to Phoenix and then later to Seattle to talk about big picture topics, but I can't promise it's that way back in the FC. When I first went to the FC I was essentially abandoned and left to figure out my role on my own. It's been my experience that once you ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> get to the FC its either a sink or swim situation. Obviously this probably differs between FCs and leadership, but listening to other peers from across the country it appears to be fairly consistent across the board. Also, the advancement part is confusing because after 1.5 years I still can't tell you on what exceeding in this position looks like. I've had 3 different managers tell me 3 separate things. This has been the most confusing and frustrating part of the entire job. ", " Overall, Amazon.com is a challenging, intense place to work. No two days are the same and there are always new challenges and opportunities. A typical day begins with compiling the days projected volume and computing the number of man hours I will need to accomplish our goals. Through the course of the day I check in freight, assist the problem solvers, continuously track my departments performance and volume, deliver associate feedback,  while seeing to any associate needs and their safety.   The hiring bar for Tier 1 associates has dropped over the past few years. Turn over of associates has increased, making training difficult.   Amazon.com encourages constant improvement. With this is constant change. I feel Amazon takes it to far many times. When processes get changes implemented, there is little to no communication of these changes, which slows the entire process and increases defects. They need an more strategic planning to how they roll out their improvements and ensure the training happens, including for the Asst. AMs and AMs.  The Area Managers(AM) know their jobs very well. However, Senior Leadership continues to have them in meetings and side projects, which pulls them away from being on the floor and engaging the associates. When this happens, people in my position are without anyone with authority to meet certain needs of the Tier 1 associates. Unfortunately, I am then left having to tell them to continuously to wait for the AM to get back on the floor. This is what I like the least about Amazon, being put into a situation where I am forced to put off associate's ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> needs until a later time repeatedly.  The most enjoyable part of job is the constant change from day to day. Each day has its different challenges. Over my 5 yrs with the company I have learned a great deal about Inbound logistics, scheduling, associate interaction, and mediation. ", " 10+ hours shifts Shifts and hours vary 24 hours 7 days a week Lead groups of associates in meeting production goals (rates in pack and pick areas) Assist the area manager in aligning goals and tasks Very physical demanding job Being the eyes for the customer and demonstrating that focus is a key essential in customer retention.  Getting hands-on experience throughout the processes and functions of departments were key for understanding and applying knowledge within those processes while conjunctively meeting production goals and the needs of the customers simultaneously through shift operations.  This opportunity gave me the inside picture as to the performance of how processes work and what products customers order.  I have been fortunate to work with some great people.  During my tenure, I am very grateful to work with the most \"dynamic and hold self-accountable for your own actions and production goals\" type of managers during the first couple of years of my employment.  The hardest part(s) of this job was individuals making things harder for others when it was very simple to give, follow, and lead.  Communication is not well-known amongst managers nor from managers to associates nor from shifts to shifts.  The most enjoyable part of the job was my ability to influence others and those who also influenced me. I give credit to the managers of my leadership team who encouraged me and gave me the opportunity in a leadership position and saw how I had the power and the drive to impact them personally and from a business knowledge standpoint and to look at what the ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> way the world really is.  Every workplace is different within the scope of a team, including managers and leadership roles.  Whether staying there or seeking new opportunities elsewhere one thing is for certain, that it will bring new challenges, obstacles, and new individuals. ", " A typical day at work is unloading semi trailers full of amazon packages that people order. Usually an average of 120,000 packages a day to unload.  Things that I have learned at Amazon include; a strong sense of teamwork, sometimes being a leader and teaching new people how to do a certain job, and I have also learned how to drive semi light heavy machinery called P.I.T., personalized industrial trucks.  Management consists of a lot of great people, Area managers, Operation managers, and the lead watch of the building. The area managers are very great people, kind, caring and just all around amazing people in work. Operation managers are the same. the only thing about management is that they say they are open to listen to any viewpoint any associate has but they don't really do the best at that. They do listen a lot and I know I really can't change the whole workplace but when I have offered a solution to a problem that has been asked of me, in the past, they didn't do the best job of listening. I would say if you ask a favor of me and I try to find a solution then why not, at least, listen to what I have to say.  My co-workers are, in all honesty, the best bunch of people I have EVER worked with in my life, as for a serious job. I am always telling every new person that I ever train that the people in the building are the greatest bunch of workers, and just people, in general, that anyone will ever work with.  The hardest part of my job at Amazon is the heat. We are recently putting in a big six piece air conditioning unit, but for the time being it is anywhere from ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> ninety to one hundred degrees in a semi trailer. You eventually just learn to pull through it.  The most enjoyable part of the job is the people I get to work with and, in my opinion, a job is as fun as you make it out to be. So aside from the people I get to work with everyday I make my job pretty fun, at least I try a lot to. ", " I think I have an interesting and somewhat unique perspective about being an Amazon worker in one of their massive fulfillment centers. I had been a stay at home dad for a few years after having been a computer programmer for a decade.  I thought it would be a good idea to jump back into the workforce and do something physical so I could get some exercise and relearn how to function in a structured environment.  I knew that the work would be rigorous and the pay rate would certainly be far below what I had been accustomed to making in a white collar type of profession.  I understood that I would be starting from the very bottom and that I would probably be shuffled in along with folks from all kinds of backgrounds.  I was excited to try my hand in a warehouse environment and see if I had the ability to make the rates and be considered a 'good' worker and employee.  I went into it with a completely open mind and was prepared to be pushed very hard physically and I was ready to basically be treated like an idiot due to the reviews I had read online from other Amazon employees.  I should say I have been a loyal Amazon customer forever and I was really curious as to how they were able to always do such a great job in getting my packages to me so quickly.  Basically.....every one of my preconceived ideas and fears about this place came true.  The work was certainly difficult but that was not an issue for me.  I won't get into the details of my day to day existence there but I will say that it was the stuff of nightmares...lol.  A vast, soulless place where new hires are treated ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> like complete losers for wanting to work there in the first place.  At Amazon...there are simply 2 types of people: 1)  people who are working as fast as they can to get the teeniest crumb of acknowledgement from their bosses  2) people who stare into laptops all day watching what those workers are doing so that they can come over from time to time and tell them how poorly they are doing  This is the most brutal, soul crushing place I have ever worked BY FAR and I will always be thankful that I simply DO NOT have to ever work there again...EVER!!    I love being an Amazon customer and I love being a Prime member and I order stuff from them  every week.  To be an Amazon customer is divine!  To be an Amazon employee is simply about as horrible of an experience that I can imagine there being in an industrialized country.  It makes me sad thinking about the people who work there and I hope each of them can make it work for them in some way and if not...I hope they can get out of there as soon as possible!!  Beware! ", " Working for Amazon is a bit of a roller coaster. Some days provide you with lots of work and go by quickly. They are 10 hour days at minimum so you're essentially sacrificing your entire work day and work week to working, prepping for work, and sleep. I only work in the packing department, so I'm unsure of most other positions there, but here is a typical day:  There is a group meeting with your department. Standard procedures are reviewed, stations are assigned, then it's off to work. The work day is broken up in to 'quarters', and for each quarter of your work day you are expected to hit a certain rate of items packed. If you meet or exceed the standards, you're given a pat on the back and told to continue working. If you don't meet the minimum (which happens often if you're stuck at a station with no work or there are others fending off of your work), then you are questioned as to what YOU have been doing wrong. This is incredibly stressful, and you work twice as hard the rest of the day to try and make up for poor rate.  Breaks are 15 minutes, including travel time to the break room. This is not ideal as the facility is quite large and the break rooms are often a few minutes walk from the workplace. Lunch is 30 minutes; just enough time to eat, sit down, and re hydrate before getting back to work.   Most co-workers are nice, especially if you can strike up a conversation. Talking to those around you helps make the day go by faster, but at the expense of lowering your rate. There are often cliques formed during break and lunch, and people often fight for the stations ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> that have more / consistent work. They'll reserve a spot for their friends, even if they were not assigned to that station. There is no accountability for operating in standard assignments.   The job itself is pretty mindless. Once you get in the hang of things, you work at such a pace that you're often left to your own thoughts. While it is physically challenging to operate at such a fast pace throughout the day, it is not mentally stimulating. If you get bored easily, this may not be the job for you.   All in all, it's a place to work if you're looking for something to do. They offer great benefits and even allow you to modify your schedule for school and religious purposes if you can provide the paperwork they need. The HR department is often very understanding and willing to work with associates.   The worst part of the job is the rate you have to make, regardless of the position you're in. They have a standard you must meet, otherwise you will get written up. They often see it as just numbers and not \"The machines were down so there was nothing to do for 6 hours on Saturday\". They just see that you only hit 80% of the goal and question what was wrong with you. If you give the explanation of any other excuse than owning up to your mistakes, they mention that they'll \"look in to it\" but still require you to sign your write up, as if to say \"This is procedure for me to ask you what's wrong. I'll only investigate so long as we can put this on your record, otherwise it doesn't matter to me,\". ", " My expectations for this company and reality were not even close.  During orientation they made it sound so much better than what it was.  I was put on the single pack line, which I actually enjoyed.  It was fast paced for the most part which made the day go by quickly.   However, something was always going wrong with the conveyor and the whole system would shut down until they were able to get it up and running.  I understand this was often times due to someone accidentally pulling on the emergency wire running the conveyor, or someone not putting a label on correctly, but it ultimately cost us our rate in the end.   This rating system is what made me want to write this review.  We were expected to package a certain amount of product an hour.  I am no slacker by any means and take any work I perform seriously.  I could not, no matter how fast I worked or what shortcuts I tried to take without messing up the quality of the packing, ever meet that goal.  The first time I ever met my manager was when they came to tell me I wasn't meeting my rate.  Needless to say I wasn't very happy to meet them on those terms and found it a bit rude.  I tried to kick it into higher gear and package up more product.   A week later, my manager came to me again stating my rates are still too low.  At this point, I was getting really upset.  I know I am a good worker, busting my butt and doing the best I can.  I asked if they take into account the times we weren't getting totes and were just standing around.  If the totes were coming down sporadically, then those workers at the beginning of the ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> conveyor would grab the totes and those at the end didn't have anything to do.  My manager stated that I needed to be greedy.  I was greedy and grabbed whatever tote came to me, but if nothing was coming my way then there was nothing I could do.  They claimed they took everything into account when it came to our rates.  Not sure about that, but OK.  Once again, I tried to move faster and was even more upset about the whole situation.  I didn't know what more I could do to get my rates up.  After talking to fellow employees, it wasn't just me who felt this way.  They would put a post up with everyone's names that weren't making their rate.  Let's just say, that post was quite long.  I was exhausted and sore after every shift.  We were working 6, 11 hour days in a row at this time.   The final straw came when a week later my manager came to me once again about my rate.  I was told it was my final verbal warning.  Seriously??  Never in my life was I ever spoken to or disciplined about my work production.  I was highly insulted and told my manager their expectations were ridiculous.  I knew I was performing the best I could, but it was never enough.  I was planning on finishing out the week, but once my shift was over I said screw it.  I was was done with Amazon.  I have never worked so hard and felt so under appreciated. They obviously don't care about their employees.  They push and push and make one feel totally inadequate and not good enough.  All they care about are the rates and how much product can get moved out.  They walk around with their laptops like it's an attachment to their body and are constantly analyzing everything you do.  Ridiculous!  Maybe it isn't this way during the off peak times, but I still would never recommend working for this company- EVER!! ", " Amazon is a warehouse environment that ships, receives, and processes the goods they sell online.  I worked on the Inbound side of Amazon, where product is coming in and being received and processed.  A typical work day at Amazon consists of the following activities: moving and receiving product on a conveyor belt, down-stacking or arranging pallets of products for receiving, stowing individual items or pallets, solving problems with shipping and inventory, and loading or unloading trucks.  I learned how to do the following at Amazon: unload and load trucks, operate various types of machinery, process freight and receive products as pallets and individually, as well as transport and stow freight.  Management was unanimously decided to be Amazon's biggest downfall according to Tier 1 associates.  Management was often hired from outside with no previous knowledge of Amazon and had a hard time understanding the needs of their fellow co-workers.  Communication was the biggest problem, among manager, as well as associates of all levels.  My co-workers on the Tier 1 level were usually great to work with and worked well as a team.  I did not have problems with any co-workers and found most all of them very easy to work with.  My co-workers are what made me enjoy my job at Amazon.  The hardest part of my job at Amazon was dealing with the lack of change and the extreme repetitiveness of the nature of my job duties.  I did not feel challenged enough to focus on my job and often became frustrated by doing the same actions for 40 hours a week, with no opportunities for advancement.  The ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> most enjoyable part of my job was interacting with my fellow co-workers.  Being able to talk to other associates as I completed my job was what helped make the repetitive job much more manageable.  Overall, working at Amazon was a good experience and I would recommend it to others, however, I left Amazon because I did not feel challenged enough by my work.  The work I did at Amazon, while I still did my best, did not give me any sense of fulfillment or gratitude. ", " I started as a seasonal worker during peak, the holiday season.  They train you for less than a day in some departments and leave you on your own, the permanant Amazon workers get bonuses depending on the work done, and seasonal workers get no bonuses however the managers push the seasonal worker like slaves, saying things like \"move more orders and you might get permanant\" every lunch they post your production numbers for all to see, equipment failures not taken into consideration.  The managers lie to you about your possible permanant possition possibilities.  People chosen to be permanant for no apparent reasons.  They tell you don't call out, be on time, train in as many areas as you can and you will  get permanant, then they hire people that miss days and are late and only know one area.  Complete lies and disorganized.  Organization is very poorly handled, and people are treated like slaves.  They require you give them at least a week's notice when you quit, to be eligible for re-hire, then they called me on my days off and let me go with no warning at all after managers tell us they are doing more rounds of hiring.  Area's of Amazon have very poor organization such as issues within the movement of product that managers are aware of and do nothing about even after being notified.(empty carts from cart pick that have items still assigned to them even though they are empty that slows the complete process down when you attempt to scan a cart to start cart picking and you are unable to use the cart because it says items are still assigned to the cart when they are gone from ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> the cart)  Warehouse manager is out of the loop and wanders happhazardly though-out the warehouse.  Stations that you are assigned to work at are often very far from break rooms and they don't care about your walking time to break rooms, they say you only have 15 min if you don't have time to walk to break just take a break at your station.  Often times managers lie and are harsh in how they address people.  Bottom line is overly hard and pushed labor for very low pay with short breaks and bad managers and unprofessional business behavior.  Thanksgiving lunch was provided with managers handing out food, a small one scoop serving of food in each area, and they gave out one cookie on or a bag of fruit chews as a bonus.  Also they gave out a company shirt.  Amazon has signs posted that boast about frugality, it should be changed to CHEAP AND SLAVERY.  Most of the Team leadership managers are White.  TPA2 sucks, and they lie.  Also when the HR team called to let me go on my days off they laughed at me when I became upset they were letting me go.  Also a member of the training team (Charlie) wears a lanyard that holds her badge that says legalized homosexual marriage now, complely unprofessional and offensive to many in the work place enviroment.  They give you a very small locker smaller than a shoe box.  The things in the vending machines for you on break are very expensive, I mean really Amazon can't' afford to make the break room vending machines affordable?  CHEAP AND SLAVERY. ", " When I would come into work, we would have stand up, telling us about our performance, and the expectations for the day, and what out group rates were at the end of the day of the day before. I have learned that it takes a team to make the criteria and expectation in a work environment. I loved how the managers, and staff kept us going, and just telling us how it is, not caring what the employees thought about it, its their job to inform us about the things we need to work on, and accomplish throughout the day/week, and whenever they seen I need help or more training they would be there immediately, I have to say management has a lot of responsibilities, and they make sure they do what they have to do to make there associates happy, and even when people dont like that, they still keep going, and keep the company steady. I always observe my surroundings, and the different attitudes of my co-workers, most of the time they had nasty attitudes, and think that nothing is far, or someone is looking down on them, I have also noticed that people are sometimes there to just play around, and think everything is just a game, until they get fired they realize that they should have payed more attention. Being around negative people is hard because it seems like I become that way, and I don't like that, I love just going to work, and being at work, around positive smiling people, I know things can be hard, and people get upset, but you just have to brush that off, and move on. I want to close with this, me being able to work, and not have a reason not to work, is the most enjoyable thing ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> to me, I feel blessed to have come this far in my life, to where I can say that and be happy, I don't like/want to be lazy, I loved walking in the building, making my rate, making people smile while they make me smile, and also I loved the management, and I love all the staff, they work very hard to get us to where we need to be, I couldn't ask for more. IM READY TO WORK!!! ", " Here's is a honest review: I started here in November of 2014 as a Seasonal Customer Service Agent II. The training was jammed packed with a insane amount of information of which no one will retain from the two week period. During this time you will take many test in a KNET via virtual cartoon demos/questions. During this time the training will try to ease your mind in reference to it taking some time to learn and the mangers will take in consideration the learning curves and metrics. Next will come the Christmas traffic of which they under-prepared you for. most of your calls will be: where is my shipment?, when will my items ship out?, can I change my shipping address even though I completed the order and it has been shipped?... those issues are truly out of your hands and if it has to be asked and clearly it must, expect a likely negative review. Most of the customers don't review based on your actual performance but simply because they didn't get their desired outcome. THERE IS NOTHING YOU CAN DO ABOUT THE ISSUES MENTIONED RECENTLY!! So then, the closer you get to Christmas the worse the customers become and more so the worse the unrealistic they become too. Some customers will flat out be rude and downright nasty.... nevertheless, after Christmas you'll have about 2 additional weeks. During this time you'll see what the trainers and managers are really about because you have served the seasonal purpose and the talks about considerations via metrics goes straight out the window. More so you'll discover the most disturbing part will be your metrics were measured from week ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> 1 after training through Christmas which totals 4 weeks and they average that which most people are 30% or above. Metrics don't really start trending down until the week of Christmas so consider yourself \"played for a sucker!\" Well I have would have 2 weeks left considering Christmas is not the last day of employment you ask? well it doesn't matter! That's irrelevant and that time counts for nothing regardless if your negative metrics are at 0% because the decision is already made. During the last two weeks don't be shocked if they offer you New Years off or allow you to quit early because it helps them out by cutting you off early.  The bottom line is:   -you will be paid a flat $10 hr -you will work on weekends on set schedule -you will work mandatory OT -you must have at most 14% Negative Metrics review average to be      \"considered\" ", " I HAVE NEVER HAD AN CALL ANSWERED OR RETURNED BY AMAZON FULFILLMENT (DFW7)     The job is very physically demanding, and takes some time to get used to (nearly a month). You can be in the last day of your 50-hour week, with a completely numbed brain and nearly unusable feet, then be told on your last break that you have to do it again for another 12 hours tomorrow.  Shift management terrible. Expect to have 2.5 hours shifts on non-overtime days. Overtime days have 2.5 hour shifts for the first half, then a 3 hour shift, a 15 minute break (5 of which are walking) then a 4 hour shift to END THE DAY. This means PAIN.   Managers are excellent and assist on a personal basis. This is the real shining part of this position, people who work there are NOT going to terrorize you on your performance, and in fact will hold conversation and build relationships.  Pay is good after you learn to tolerate the position and make friends. Everyone has the same opinion you do, and often the \"Im-completely-exhausted-but-i-get-money\" topic is a prime conversation subject between associates.  Bonus pay is impossible in nearly 80% of positions. Managers expect you to meet and exceed \"rate goals\" which would be achievable if the machine could actually VEND THAT FAST. Often i have worked my butt off for \"power hours\" that reward 50-100$ gift cards, only to be sadly shut down by the machines either stopping, or not having enough work to do to meet said rates.  Now, on to HR: I was sick for the allowed time (5 days) and returned with a doctor's note. When i returned to find my key would ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> no longer allow me into the building, I was met by a lady from HR who told me they had accidentally terminated me and that i would be back to work within 1-2 days. Here I am a week later without a single call, email, or any form of communication. I have called over 20 times and left numerous messages. I HAVE NEVER HAD AN CALL ANSWERED OR RETURNED BY AMAZON FULFILLMENT (DFW7)  In addition to this, the scheduling/attendance department has almost no grip on things. I had to correct on two occasions, times where my schedule had been changed without notice, and I had nearly been fired because of it.These problems took multiple days to settle on BOTH ends even with the workers in HR saying \"oh that's obviously an accident\"  Overall, Amazon has been tolerable, but with my recent problems, this location should NOT BE CONSIDERED FOR SEASONAL WORK. Unless you are ready to fight unfair termination DAILY.  Normal workers get the GOLDEN TREATMENT (non-seasonal workers). I would only consider this a \"real job\" If you can make it past a seasonal worker here, otherwise you could be thrown overboard without a word or reason. ", " It seems quite ungrateful to complain about the company that employed me. I'll start by saying that I am grateful for being employed at all and getting payed every week. It was only out of sheer desperation that I applied to work at Amazon - I worked part time on the 2.30pm-7.30pm shift; \u00a3150.00 per week. I packed boxes for 5 hours a day standing up, I was constantly being pushed to hit the ever increasing targets (70 boxes per hour - up to 120 boxes per hour) . It seemed that nearly no-one could hit the targets and we were always aware that not hitting targets could lead to dismissal - the environment was depressing, with the constant drone of the conveyor belt and the ear piercing alarms that constantly went off whenever a packer needed assistance with an item (this happened A LOT). After the first week of working there my hands were blistered and sore from hours of frantically packing cardboard boxes, I was sick of the repetitive nature of the work and the atmosphere of complete boredom and joylessness. The best part of the job was my co-workers, we all pretty much hated our work and had a great time talking about just how bored we were! (in the canteen before and after the shift - talking too much while packing can get you a disciplinary). The management were quite ruthless when it came to enforcing their point system - half a point if your even 1 second late at clocking in (yes this happened to me, clocked in at 2.30 and 1 second). 1 point for a sick day and 1 point for not hitting targets - 3 points and your out! I can't blame them as they were only following the harsh ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> rules put in place by the bosses of Amazon - I'm pretty sure they had a point system of their own to follow. I learned that as a company Amazon put their customers first and their employees below last. Having said all this I would go back to work there, I am that desperate, it's all quite depressing. Basically if you have no other options then by all means go work for Amazon - but you have been warned...    (I'd advise enrolling in a course to get better qualifications so you won't ever need to work for employers like Amazon.com) ", " very long hours during busy seasons and overtime but watch out for non busy days! A daily required rate must be met on most work positions, physical work can be greatly expected depending on position (standing/walking for most of day, repetitive movements thought shift) Management can be very helpful in training processes, co-workers can vary, some positions require a partner, choose carefully! Hardest part of the day is maintaining a constant daily piece count in every area, otherwise you can be dismissed! Most enjoyable part of the day is your breaks, you get two 15 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunch break but be careful as if you leave to break late you won't get that time back and if you clock in late you will be marked as late and allowed 6 points before being dismissed! Among the cons are...no cell phones allowed within work areas, exceptions are cafeteria/designated break areas, short lunches as you must clock out/in, walk through metal detectors while leaving to breaks each time, which can shorten your lunch and that time you do not get back. Can be a tad tedious and if not careful you may receive a late point, after 6 your dismissed! Some days can be slow, resulting being sent home earlier, weekly hours can vary big time depending on seasonal sales, during busy season expect mandatory overtime and depending on assigned work schedule you two days off but under busy weeks expect to work on assigned days off. Busy seasons are a headache to arrive to work/leave by car as there is one major entrance. In my opinion this job can effect your Work/Life balance, if your attending ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> school or have kids this might not work out so well, also 10 hour shifts are normal but can vary if slow or busy, in my opinion not vary stable if thats what your looking for. It's a positive environment, management has a teamwork attitude, but if you want to be hired on permanently or advance you need to work extra hard for it and this doesn't guarantee stability in weekly hours, also can effect your free time off work, so dedication is a must here!  "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Where do I begin?  This place is a joke, I got hired on as a temp for the 4th quarter season (fall-winter) last year because it's the busiest. They hire on like 150 temp workers for this and then fire all of us on the first week of January.   There's only like 20-30 full time Amazon employees, the rest were temps from Amazon's in-house staffing agency SMX. Us temps get paid 12/hr while the perms make over 15/hr plus benefits. The temps get pushed harder and harder while the perms slack off.  We have \"coaches\", two over weight guys who walk around telling us how we can go through the isles and pick at a faster rate, oh yeah they want you to pick 130 picks a hour, that's one every 33 seconds throughout a vast warehouse, where you scan guns sends you from one side to the next. The coaches don't do anything other than that and get paid more than the temps for it.  You have \"safety\" guys who don't do jack but walk around pointing out errors in your lifting techniques or that your moving too fast in/out of aisles.  So the \"safety\" guys tell you to slow down, while management tells you to speed up. Anyone with a brain knows safety/speed don't go hand-in-hand.  The SMX staffing guy is a complete 'you know what'. And treats you like scum. Even though you pick at a faster speed than the permanents. If you make 130 picks a hour then he wants you to pick 140 your next shift and so on.  The permanents walk around leisurely at there own pace, laughing cracking jokes and the bosses don't care. The temps are pushed like machines, and if your caught having a 1 minute convo with ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> a fellow temp you get \"written up\".  They dangle this carrot in front of you that you will get hired on as permanent if you work hard, this is a complete lie there is way too many temps and not enough full time permanent positions, the permanent positions are already filled and staffed.  Amazon is a joke and they cut corners buy hiring slave labor temps for there busiest season then save money buy firing them all after. They force you to work overtime, if you don't you get \"2 points\" you have 6 points till SMX fires you, being sick is 1.5 points.  The only positive is that all of the temps are friendly and cool people. The permanent employees are not and treat temps like dirt.  In the Canadian job market there are more than enough jobs out there that pay 12+ with benefits and management that cares about you and actually treats you well.  TL;DR ..... Avoid working at Amazon (Amazon Delta, Annacis Island) like the plague. ", " For someone leaving the Military, Amazon was a good place to go. They aggressively recruit and find new talent. It made finding my job here very easy. The base salary is a good wage and if you plan on sticking around, the stocks and bonuses are very good. The company does grow every year so there are new opportunities elsewhere in the company if you are willing to move.  There is a revolving door for both managers and hourly associates. The leadership structure is extraordinarily flat, leaving almost no room for promotion for the hourly associates. As for managers, a lot of their aggressive recruiting currently is focused almost entirely on MBA students who enter at the base management level and then get auto-promoted on a semi regular basis. This is as long as they don't screw anything up too bad.  The 401K plan is terrible. It matches 1/2% up to 4% (in other words you put up 4% and get only 2% match). You are only vested in the plan after 3 years which is longer than the average young professional stays at a single job. When the annual review comes around and compensation is increased, it is always at the cost of another pay. So if you get more base pay, you get less in bonus or stocks and vice versa. The only way to make more then what you are currently making is to get promoted. As somebody on this site already mentioned, the only way for this to happen is to work so much and long that senior management feels sorry for you.  The company also somehow manages to mess up the ramp up to the holiday season every year. Even though we have multiple planning meetings before and ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> after peak, we are not able to staff correctly. It is mostly due to the companies unwillingness to have one extra employee rather than be short by 10. This leads to managers and associates alike getting burnt out during peak.  Advice to Senior Management \u2013 Advice to Senior Management  Communicate with your associates more. Rethink not having more intermediate leadership positions. These associates who fill new slots will get valuable leadership experience and will be monetarily compensated for their more difficult work. Then they might take more pride in their jobs and they will do them better. It could also lead to more internal promotions. ", " To start, most employees enter Amazon through a temp agency and if they are in the right place at the right time (usually holiday season if you survive the rat race) then employees will get an offer to apply to become \"converted\" as a full time amazon employee. Temp associates and Amazon associates do the same work except Amazon associates get benefits, and raises until you reach the capped raise in your tier level (will speak more on tier levels below)  A typical day working at Amazon fulfillment center depends on your position. You either enter into the warehouse as a Tier 1 associate and work your way up (becoming a manager will be rare for you if you  do it this way) or you come in as a manager (if you qualify for the manager position I suggest you ONLY apply straight into the management  position).   In Amazon there are (2) departments: Inbound and Outbound. I only know about outbound. In outbound you will be classified as a picker or a packer; and they mean EXACTLY what the name means. You either PICK customer purchases ALL day or you PACK customers purchases into boxes ALL day. All day meaning 10 hours for 4 days in a week. So imagine shopping all day putting random items in your \"cart' (aka picking) or being the store-bagger at the end of the cash register placing those purchases into a single box ALL day (aka packer).  Positions in Amazon fulfillment center are really easy, however, when you have to do something really easy over and over again it becomes very boring and hard on your body. You are not allowed to sit down except for at break ( you get two 15 min ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> breaks, but is really 9 min breaks depending on your location in the building and how fast you walk) and lunch (30 min).   to give a small background about me: I have my degree and was qualified for the manager position, however, I made the fatal mistake of thinking that I could \"work my way up\". Unfortunately, Amazon hires most of their managers (from what I saw in my building) from the College internship program so your manager will either be in their early 20's or beat down and a bit older because they worked their way up in the company for 6-8 years and FINALLY became manager (a rare event!) meanwhile the intern student/manager did a 3 month internship and got the position if they did well during the internship. (the much SMARTER way because working your body out is NOT worth it!)   By the way, Amazon fires their managers if they are not keeping up with \"performance\" at the end of 1 year. Managers are also on call 24/7 so I suggest you do NOT have a family. And if you are working at a warehouse in Florida, and receive a call that Amazon is shipping you to Seattle. Pack your bags for Seattle if you want to keep you management job.   other positions in the building go as follows: 1. Tier (1) warehouse associate, Tier 2 don't exist; Tier 3 is either safety, trainer, or PA (which is similar to supervisor) - majority of employees only want to make it to the tier 3 position because beyond that is considered stressful (tier 3 is also lateral so Amazon will switch around people already in the position to fill openings) Tier 4; is newbie manager or computer IT; Tier 5 is Manager; and Tier 6 is probably something like your managers-manager and anything past that does not matter...  To close this review, because it is getting too long. Just Google Amazon warehouse employee reviews or something like that and you will surely see ALL the complaints. There are the rare people who enjoy working in the warehouse job but they are usually workaholics with low standards. Majority of fulfillment associates despise working there  but deal with it to pay bills, and feel as if their is no other job options.   more info about me: I worked at Amazon for 2 years trying to work my way into the management position. within those 2 years I noticed that my body was degrading. My hands felt stiff in the morning, My feet became swollen while working on the dock (where packages are loaded into trucks), I suffered through back to back sprained groin muscles to the point that I could not bend, or walk and eventually I started to have breakdowns because I was exhausted, my body ached constantly and I became miserable which led me to give up trying for the management position and leave. Looking back, I wished I left sooner.  To officially end, the best part of working their was leaving and the worst part was everything else. The associates are nice if your not a drama-magnet. ", " I'm hoping to make this review as comprehensive as possible so that future Amazon Warehouse Associates may know exactly what they're getting themselves into.     A typical day at work goes as follows:  You clock in using your ID. You join others at the start-up area to do stretches, listen to announcements from your superiors, and see where you'll be working. From there, you move to your work station and do whatever job you've been assigned. You get two fifteen-minute breaks and one thirty-minute break for lunch, all of which divide your day into 'quarters'. Each quarter, you'll be expected to meet a certain goal, whether it be making rate or just maintaining standard work procedures. At the end of the day you clock out with your ID again. You'll repeat that process every day.   As a Warehouse Associate, you'll fall into one of the following categories each day:  -Stowers: You push a cart around with several totes full of items, take the items out of the totes, and scan them into bins. If you encounter any bad items, you take them to the Problem Solvers, who will fix the issue. Stowing is considered the most difficult Warehouse Associate job for a number of reasons which will be addressed below.  -Pickers: Quickly push a cart around while pulling items out of bins, using a scanner to scan them into a tote, and placing them on a conveyor. You're being timed during all of this, so stopping or slowing down is rarely an option.  -Packers: Pack items into containers. That's all I know about this one, since I have neither worked in this position nor have I encountered ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> anyone who has.  -Diverters: Occasionally a stower or picker will be placed in a diverting position, which basically just means you're going to stand in one place, pull totes off of a conveyor, and place them on a cart for the stowers to take.    Now, all of these jobs sound simple and straightforward at first, but somehow Amazon manages to complicate them to the point where you'll most likely be buckling under the pressure of mental stress and/or physical fatigue within your first month of employment. This brings us to the primary issues that you'll face as a Warehouse Associate:  RATE: This will determine whether or not you get to keep your job, which is unfortunate for you because it is almost entirely determined by chance and other forces beyond your control. If you encounter too many oversized items, overstuffed bins, damaged items, unlabeled items, supervisor conflicts, or problems with your equipment then you WILL NOT make rate (this applies to both stowers and pickers). At the start of your employment, they'll teach you a standard work procedure that is supposed to help you make rate. However, when you actually start the job, you'll find that those standards no longer apply. The bins are almost always full, so stowers can't find space to put their items and pickers have to constantly sift through items to find what they're after as well. Temperature is also a factor, since the building isn't air conditioned (you'll find that your rates will be even lower on hotter days). If you don't make rate for every single quarter (which you won't), one of your superiors will seek you out and reprimand you for it. They may attempt to give you tips, but they don't truly understand what your job requires, so their \"help\" is of no use to you. Your rate requirements can even be raised on a whim (which they will be) so all you can do is hope that you get a good set of items in your totes and avoid being fired for another day.  ERRORS: If rate doesn't get you down, these suckers will. Every time you miss (or misplace) an item, you will (once again) be hunted down and vilified by one of your superiors. This kind of makes sense when it's you're fault, but most of the time it won't be. Your scanner is capable of screwing up, missing a scan, or flat-out freezing up in the middle of a scan, all of which can cause you to make an error. Also, the people in receiving could screw up an order and end up putting too many items into the totes 'virtually' but not physically, which means you can be reprimanded over missing items that were never in your tote to begin with. Errors are unavoidable, but like rate, they will eventually cost you your job. In fact, errors are more likely to get you fired, since they put a \"write-up\" in their records every time one occurs. If you get a few too many write-ups, you're gone.  TOT: This refers to \"time off task\", which is just a fancy way of saying 'you took too long to come back from break'. Depending on who your supervisor is, they may reprimand you and write you up for getting to your station as little as one minute later than expected. This is yet another unavoidable problem, since the facility is so huge that most of your break will be spent getting from point A to point B anyway.  VIOLATIONS: Occasionally, you'll get a supervisor who's a real stickler about proper procedures. Unfortunately, the proper procedures are ALWAYS changing without any warning, so you're bound to unwittingly violate a few rules. This applies to stowers especially, and this is what makes stowing the hardest job for Warehouse Associates. For example, if you stow items in a certain place or in a certain way that a certain manager doesn't like (such as stacking items on top of each other), you will receive a write-up. This leads us to our next issue...  MANAGEMENT: This. This is what makes your job at Amazon much more difficult than it needs to be. You'll be working for several different managers or supervisors at any given time, and each will want things done their own way. For example, a manager on the third floor might be okay with you stacking items, but the manager on the second floor will write you up for stacking items. A supervisor in the west wing will allow you to put medium items in small bins, but a supervisor in the east wing will not. Once again... it's a game of chance. Since there's nothing set in stone for them, they make up the rules as they go along, and you either prosper or suffer because of it. Turnover also seems to be high among management positions, so you never truly know just who it is you'll be working for each day.  NO GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES: If you're a Warehouse Associate, you'll probably always be a Warehouse Associate (unless you have greater qualifications and apply for something better). There's no ladder for you to climb, and no position for you to be promoted to. You could be trained to become an 'ambassador', but all that means is you get to do the same job, but with additional responsibilities in exchange for slightly more pay.   I believe that Amazon could be a very decent place to work as a Warehouse Associate. It could be... but it isn't. Between the ever-changing rules, the rapidly rising standards, the lack of communication between managers, the dead-end-job status, the absence of job security, and the mistreatment of those in lower positions, there's really no reason to stay employed here for more than a couple months at best. Your coworkers and the free drinks are the only two things you'll genuinely get to enjoy during the work day. All that aside... get in, get what you need out of it, and get out as soon as you can. Otherwise, your employment will be terminated at some point anyway. ", " I worked for 2 1/2 years in this company. It was an honor to be chosen and worked hard. All my colleagues where friendly and clever and it was delightful to know you are working for a company with such skilled people. The overall picture I had of Amazon was fantastic. They are extremely customer focused, have done amazing work with their services and keep their position now for over a decade. But when i started working there, i realized how they achieved this:  Your day consists of following strict procedures and finding solutions to unsolvable problems. I liked working with external companies, which was the biggest part of my job. Keeping them happy was a struggle, as Amazon was disorganized and very fragmented. More than I thought it would be. If you do something great at Amazon, expect gratitude in form of a \"Thanks\" and much more work. Getting up the career ladder is not easy. If you want to do that you don't really need to do good work. All you need is mind games, political tricks and kiss bums to get where you want to be. Most people jump horizontal from career to career - and while this is not bad, it has another side effect. People in leadership positions are hired from outside, making you things very tedious. I had colleagues who worked 6 years in a department and never got any recognition - all of a sudden someone from outside comes to rule everything. It's not how it should be. And, actually, it's not like that exactly. If you are not working for Seattle, you won't have much decision power. Everything interesting is happening at the Headquarters. But the worst thing ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> about the company is their so called frugality. It is advertised as \"do not use 1st class planes and do not expect luxury\". But in reality you are being forced to participate in horrendous and important live conferences with directors, where you don't really get what the other person is saying - just because the tickets to Seattle were too expensive. No video conferences are being made - too expensive to keep up the system. You won't get any professional training paid by the company - too expensive. You will get cheap laptops to work with. It's so much frustration on the day to day job that is so unnecessary.  I can't really say that I met any other person that was happy with the situation in amazon (other than those that were forced to act like that). The above is a fact for my department - but I heard similar stories about other departments as well. ", " Great place to work if you have a blue badge. I was one of the best pickers in the whole department albeit, I was on a temporary/on going contract but throughout my time there was told blue badges (permanent badges) were available to those who continued to work hard and go above and beyond targets. I went so far beyond targets, 100% attendance, no points and no errors to then receive a phonecall on the Saturday, stating that I had been paid off and to come in, clear out my locker on Monday and sort out any holiday pay I was due ect. It was really disappointing. Especially going in on the Monday and seeing temp colleagues that weren't hitting targets and had multiple points were still there. This goes to show that they weren't giving out blue badges at all because if they were, I'd still be there. I spend that whole weekend trying to workout what it was that may have caused my termination  and I had no answers. I worked my extremely hard for that place in order to gain a blue badge. There was days the pain of walking was unbearable. The blisters on my feet were so far from painless you wouldn't believe, yet I pushed on through knowing a blue badge would soon be in my grasp. It was really sad to be told you no longer have a job there when you enjoyed it. My moms fiance works is the director of a bank and he informed me that big companies do this \"potential permanent position\" to lure you in, with no intention of actually employing you at all. You are just there to get the job done during the organisations peak times and disposed of when no longer needed. There were days when temporary ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> staff would come in and fill a tote, to then be approached by the agency and told they are no longer needed and to put their tote on the line. You are then escorted to your locker by an agency member or security (the majority of them has let their status go to their heads - very rude) and then walked out like a criminal. There were also mornings when you were entering the turnstiles unsure if your badge was going to allow you entry because they would deactivate it and then have you buzzer in, in front of passing employees, be told through a buzzer you are no longer an employee. Very harsh and quite frankly inhumane. I urge you to really re-consider your employment with them when applying for jobs unless you are guaranteed a permanent position. I was there from October 2013 - February 2014. I had completed my temporary contract and was now on an on going one. You have no security what so ever. I genuinely thought I had this job because I hadn't been dismissed through the continuous dismissle of temps throughout the the months. I only saw one person get a blue badge during my time there and that was a stower. Nobody has answers when you talk to them. And its a shame because Amazon really has the potential to be a great workplace. There is so much more to tell but, quite frankly, I think you get the idea. ", " Listen, I don't believe in badmouthing former employees. But this is a required section, so I'll do it.  I actually didn't mind working at Amazon. The pay was good, and I was keeping in shape. I was even trying to meet people, something that a person like me, who is ordinarily introverted (sorry guys, I know employers like natural extroverts but we can't all be that way) is usually unlikely to do.   The average day is usually passing through a security system (the system records EVERYTHING on a tv screen from the moment you come in, and could probably even tell supervisors your general mood by facial expression, or maybe even what you ate from that stain), then punching in and logging into a scanner device, morning stretches, followed by a lecture on the weekly topic. Shift is divided into quarters with three breaks, and not much bathroom time. But if you're eating and working right, it doesn't feel like you need it. At lunch break, you clock out, and go take care of what you need to, then clock back in, and do more stretches and lecture before work. You can items, and either pick (remove from shelf) or stow (add to shelf). Pick is no problem, you just have to run around and keep up with the pace. Stow, on the other hand requires a certain level of planning, and is complicated by the fact that other stowers are also adding stuff to the shelves.  I basically learned the art of taking inventory in a warehouse, along with alot of other things I won't get into. I also learned to become more sociable, being that I had a factory full of people to at least work around.  I generally ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> liked some of my coworkers, but the stressed environment made it difficult to talk to other people. So we'll skip to management. Both pick and stow have coaches (which ironically don't cheer you on or coach you, they criticize you to get you to work harder. This is actually fine with me, until I got discouraged), ambassadors (they are basically amazon workers that test run the process, they train you to do the job and they do it themselves), and problem solvers (people you go to if something weird happens, or if you do something wrong). But actually, you don't really have a \"supervisor\" or \"management\" in the traditional sense. Instead, cameras watch your progress, and computers send pick orders. Failure to follow such orders in a timely fashion and you get warned. In stow the former is still true, but you have the unsettling feeling of being your own boss, and being fully accountable for anything done wrong. Overstuff a bin? You'll probably hear about it. But typically, from the coaches, not a manager.  What I did mind however was that the company seemed hell-bent on testing the loyalty of its own employees. Look, I come to a job to work. I don't goof off, and I spend the majority of the time there working (out of a ten hour daily shift of constant activity this is a pretty good record). I wouldn't expect to be made into a full-time employee, not from reading other reviews on amazon (they have pretty much temp employees or people who started as permanent employees, and they promise \"conversion\" but it's nonsense), but then I didn't really care about that. What I did hope to do, however, was form lasting friendships with coworkers. Pffft. So much for that. The moment amazon catches you genuinely interested in talking to specific people, it seems like they invariably get moved to different floors or even different sides of the factory. I got my entire schedule shifted, just because I was generally interested in one of the girls, and we had fairly long conversations together. I'd say this was the hardest part of the job, that you were basically pulled away from anyone you started to care about.  The second hardest is that you can't really devote any time to your own needs during peak season, since you have abnormal hours for 6/7 days of the week.  The most enjoyable part of the job was actually pinned down to one day.  I was feeling bummed out about the job, and they actually called in on my scanner asking if I was upset about anything, basically. I was really happy, and for a brief moment, really loved being there. Of course, the next work day, I got final warned and had to leave. Aside from that, basically the feeling you've done a huge amount of work over the week, and enjoying being able to buy anything you want. ", " I admire the companies focus on customer service and they truly do offer the best customer service I have ever witnessed.  I was excited to work for the company.  I can't speak for the company as a whole my knowledge is based upon the Customer Service group alone. Throughout my time with company I have realized that professional knowledge is undermined compared to empirical knowledge.  Several members of my team started out in the company as CS Agents and worked their way up.  Normally I find companies providing an opportunity for growth regardless of educational training admirable .  However, for the specific type of work that I do some formal education and training is necessary and when I was hired I was told that they were seeking people with an educational background and professional experience in my field.  I have been with the company for over a year and have not been able to contribute any of my knowledge or skills to the team.  Only my peers that have knowledge of the call center are valued and since I am not familiar with the inter workings of CS my knowledge and skills are not valued.  I have tried to gain knowledge of CS to be considered equal with my peers. Unfortunately, I have to compete with the cliques within the group as well, which has made gaining any professional ground very difficult.  Currently, I have peers that are given more privileges, they are included in on meetings that I should participate in, presented with projects to demonstrate their skills. I have volunteered to participate in projects or assist with team initiatives and have been ignored. ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\">  The same task that I volunteer for or even suggest end up being assigned to other team members. Information is passed on to me through my peers instead of directly from my manager. I have a 1:1 with my team member who is the same level as I am and who has the same title as me, however this person manages my projects in our project intake tool, reviews my personal goals and interacts with me like I am their subordinate and not their peer.  When I addressed this situation and bluntly asked why is this happening I was not given a clear answer.  When I stated that I can handle my own project assignments and would rather speak to my manager about my goals I was dealt with like I was nuisance and my concerns were ignored.  Our team has been re-structured 3 times.  Radical changes are made to solve low performance and then the leaders don't implement any change management to prepare the team to adjust to the changes.  I would show up to work and get a mass email telling me the about the decisions made.  Then once I got informed I had no idea how the changes affected me.  I had to wait several months without any work to do because they haven't figured out how I can contribute since they reassigned my task to someone else. My manager never new what I was working on, even when I would give updates during our 1:1 and communicate that I had the bandwidth to take on more work I still would end up with nothing to work on.  Most if not all of my manager do not seem qualified to manage our team either because they lack the people skills or they lack the knowledge of the work to be able to make informed decisions.  I will say the one pro is that I have been able to have a good work life balance, however I think that is unique to me because of my position and the team I work with.  I have witnessed others whom work almost 70 to 80 hours a week arriving at 6am and not leaving until 7 or 8pm. ", " A typical day at Amazon consists of a \"start-up\" meeting, which occurs at the start of the shift every morning, and following lunch every afternoon. This meeting covers the main focus of the day - usually including information about work flow, any meetings, special events (like free catered lunches), etc. At the end of the meeting everyone stretches and then it's \"time on task\". Work ranges from relatively easy, to slightly difficult, to sweat-your-butt-off hard depending on what department you're in. The one thing that is consistent throughout the departments is that you must make your rate. If you make your rate every week, good for you. If you don't, expect coaches (verbal warnings) and write-ups. Amazon is my first warehouse job, and it is probably the best introduction to a warehouse environment. The training is very thorough, and on-going training is available at any time upon request. They teach you how to do everything, from making a box to driving an order picker. They also have a lot of safety regulations, but it is nice to know that you have a low chance of getting hurt by machinery or falling items and things of that nature. The management is so-so. There are some managers that really will care a lot about your concerns and needs, and some who won't care at all. And if you are one of the managers' favorites, you get placed on the easiest tasks most of the time and if you need any special accommodations, you get them. The Process Assistants are usually much better than the managers, but are under-paid and under-appreciated. The co-workers are typically the best part ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> of the job. On one hand, the environment kind of can be compared to high school, especially during peak where most of your time is spent with the people you work with. But besides the occasional drama, most of the people are nice and helpful. The best part is that everyone seems to share some kind of humorous hatred for the company. The hardest part of the job is making rate, and being able to keep yourself going through about two to two and a half months of 60 hour work weeks, with only one day off. It can be very physically and emotionally draining. The best part about it is that it is an HR company, and so there are many things that they do to keep the associates involved and informed such as birthday round tables, where you meet with the GM of the building to have them answer any questions or address concerns, All-Hands meetings every month which provide information about changes within the company, and AIS surveys that let associates voice their opinions. They also have pretty good pay compared to other warehouses, raises every 6 months, stock rewards that can be cashed in after 2 years, awesome health, vision &amp; dental, tuition reimbursement after 3 years, full-pay maternity leave, 10% discount online, paid &amp; unpaid time off dispersed throughout the year, free lunches catered from restaurants and so on and so forth. Not a bad company, but does involve a lot of hard work. ", " Amazon works with you. That is their bottom line. They only hire people that want to help other people. I love helping people; that is what I signed up for, and that is exactly what I got. I answered the phones at the call center in Huntington, WV. I was the girl you called to see where your package was, if something was wrong with the merchandise and needed replaced/refunded. I also handled calls dealing with any hiccups your Kindle might have had. I always did my best to make sure the customer was satisfied at the end of the call--and even though Amazon demands that of their Reps, I did it on my own.  The best parts about the job was the satisfaction I got from helping people. Everyone was ALWAYS so happy that you helped them--unless you couldn't in the way they wanted, and even if you had to redirect the customer to someone else, they usually were okay with that. Amazon does their best to minimize how often the customer is transferred to another rep. I always did my best to fix the problem, and if I couldn't, I would find someone who could.   Only once or twice did I have a customer that would be argumentative and perhaps even a little belligerent. By the end of the phone call, they either were transferred to someone who could better help them, were satisfied with the help I gave them, or had talked to a manager (usually the first two).  Most of my coworkers had more of these calls than I did, it felt, but then I'm an agreeable person, and I guess I just give off a helpful vibe through the phone.   As far as the facility is concerned, it is very comfortable. There is ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> a vast break room, with 2-4 large flat screen TVs, several plush  chairs, as well as tables and hard-backed chairs for eating. There are several microwaves and refridgerators, and a whole nook dedicated to snack and pop machines (which doesn't just have pop or candy in them!). There is a popcorn machine, as well, supplied with popcorn. There are at least 4 large Bunn coffee makers, and several options for beverage--coffee, hot chocolate, and several tea choices). There is fresh fruit on the counters for anyone to take. All refreshments that are not in the vending machines are free (refrigerators, of course, hold only things brought from home or are for storage for events). There is a small room off to the side to allow employees to use a land line telephone if they need it.   There is a Reading Room, where an employee can borrow a book and read it either at their desk or in the comfortably lit and furnished room itself. Carpeted and housing several comfy chairs and a couple tables, there are also puzzles supplied if one's tastes are not for books.   There is a \"Play Room\" of sorts, which has a large flat-screen TV and video game systems. You can bring your games from home, unless someone lets you play. (on all of the TVs, there is cable TV to watch). There is a pool table, as well as a ping-pong table, with all of the equipment.   The call floor, which is the business end of the facility, is moderately comfortable. The temperature would be considered slightly chilly for most, but I found it comfortable. The chairs are easy on the back, and the work environment is designed to dampen stress as much as possible. The earpiece is comfortable to wear, and the computer system is easy to maneuver, for the most part. Sometimes, the information system supplied to employees feels a little bit cluttered and hard to manage through to find what is needed, but if you can't find it, there is always a Lead or a co-worker that can be asked via the Messenger system within the computer--if you can't just jump up to ask.   The managers and leads are usually very warm and helpful, but there are always one or two of either that just doesn't seem to want to deal with an issue brought to them by a co-worker. I had a wonderful manager, and all of my leads were very nice. I loved talking to all of them. But there are several managers, and 4 different sections within each call center, so I don't doubt there's a sour grape in there somewhere. I worked with Kindle and general customer service, and helped fix minor issues with Kindles that could usually be solved by a hard reset. If that didn't work, I transferred them on to the second group of Kindle, which dealt with more serious issues.   There are only a few issues I had with Amazon. The bathrooms were just far enough away to where it took up all of the 15 minutes of any 15-minute break I had to walk to, use said restroom, and then walk back in time to clock back in. We were allotted one of these breaks every 2 hours, and were given a full hour for lunch. As far as Overtime is concerned, we had to put in a request for Overtime. We were not allowed to work unauthorized Overtime. You could request for VTO (which, if acquired, would allow the person to clock out and leave for the rest of the day, depending on when VTO was requested--usually around Noon), but you didn't always get it. If there was an appointment scheduled, you needed to definitely ask for that day off, otherwise you might be missing that appointment. Workforce handled it, and they couldn't allow ALL of their workforce to go home, so once the quota was filled, no one was allowed to leave after that unless they had Paid-Time, Vacation-Time, or Unpaid-Time in their bank to use. Employees accrue said amount of time per hour they work (I don't remember the ratio). When you apply and accepted, usually, you are hired as what is known as a \"Green Badge\". Temp work, in other words. You have 6 months to prove that you are \"Blue Badge\" material by your scores (how well you do on the phones) and by how well you work with your co-workers. I did not make it, sadly.   But, when you make \"Blue Badge\", you get benefits. Dental, Vision, Health, stuff like that. You also get shares in Amazon. They GIVE them to you--about 5 or 10. You can only sell them at certain points, and then you accrue more. But that's like an extra SEVERAL paychecks right there. Then there's BPR, which is basically like commission. You do well enough on your scores, you can get a bonus on a paycheck for either Silver or Gold--Silver being slightly less than Gold.   Since Amazon made me sign a waiver not to talk about specifics within the company, that is all I'm at liberty to say. I loved my job, and I would work there again in a heartbeat. There were far too many Pros to working there. ", " An interest in a business surfaced as I took up a job as a Transaction Risk Investigator at Amazon.de last year. Working in a foreign language (German) has broadened my knowledge in different areas as it enabled me to better understand the basic principles of the world around us. It helped me in refining my perspectives and furthered my interest in the field. Working under seasoned professionals has exposed me to the nuances of the trade and has allowed me to hone my  problem-solving skills. It has taught me to be determined and persevered when I want to reach my goals and to not give up. My job at Amazon.de arose in me a desire to gain more knowledge in the field of business and to become more aware of the daily on-goings in the business world. ", " great learning experience for a fresher, days are relaxed and working environment is very good, healthy competition among the colleagues. Mostly a friendly working space where you learn a lot about pricing and strategies. the difficult part is to maintain the accuracy level of your work during peak season. ", " - Good colleagues - Good Management - The work got redundant - Developped my analytyical and research skills - Interesting data to look at - Flexible work timings ", " Taeglich habe ich einige bestimmte Zustaedigkeiten, die ich erfolgreich abschliessen muss. Ausserdem muss ich mich mit unserem Kunden in Verbindung, wenn Ihre Datei per Amazon Standards nicht ist. Hier habe ich viel Erfahrung bei MS Excel und effektive Kunden Kommunikation gesammelt. Ich kann meine Zeit gut verwalten. ", " trabajo muy independiente posible  actividades desafiantes ", " Int\u00e9gr\u00e9e dans l'\u00e9quipe TAM (Technical Account Management) EU (FR-DE) du site d'Hyderabad, j'ai appr\u00e9ci\u00e9 travaill\u00e9 en open-space, o\u00f9 les \u00e9changes avec mes collaborateurs \u00e9taient facilit\u00e9s. Ce qui m'a frapp\u00e9 le plus sur ce site, et dans le management indien, c'est la recherche de la performance et de l'atteinte rapide des objectifs de l'entreprise notamment en terme de satisfaction client. C'est ainsi que dans un environnement d'\u00e9changes et de comp\u00e9tition amicale, j'ai pu doubler mon portefeuille clients journaliers en 5 mois et atteindre les meilleurs r\u00e9sultats de satisfaction clients. J'ai \u00e9galement pu \u00eatre form\u00e9e \u00e0 certains services propos\u00e9s par l'entreprise et assister les clients sous diff\u00e9rentes formes (conseils \u00e0 la vente, r\u00e9solution de probl\u00e8mes sur les plate-formes de vente \u00e9lectroniques, conseils marketing ou encore litiges entre vendeurs et acheteurs et r\u00e9clamations clients) La culture d'entreprise tr\u00e8s forte m'a permis de m'int\u00e9grer rapidement dans un environnement interculturel et j'en \u00e9tais ravie. ", " Nelituji pr\u00e1ce v Amazonu,ur\u010dit\u011b je to bohat\u00e1 zku\u0161enost do \u017eivota,byla jin\u00e1 ne\u017e na jakou jsem byla zvykl\u00e1,ale nen\u00ed to pr\u00e1ce na dlouho.Je to tam hodn\u011b hektick\u00e9 a hlavn\u011b velk\u00fd n\u00e1por na nohy.D\u011blala jsem ji r\u00e1da a mysl\u00edm,\u017ee i dob\u0159e.Bohu\u017eel posledn\u00ed m\u011bs\u00edce se to tam dost zm\u011bnilo,\u0159ekla bych \u017ee k hor\u0161\u00edmu a to byl jeden z d\u016fvod\u016f pro\u010d to nezkusit jinde.Nikdy jsem si nemohla st\u011b\u017eovat na kolegy nebo m\u00e9 nad\u0159\u00edzen\u00e9.Nejt\u011b\u017e\u0161\u00ed \u010d\u00e1sti pr\u00e1ce jsou ty kde je to p\u0159et\u00ed\u017een\u00e9 pro \u017eeny a p\u0159esto s t\u00edm mus\u00ed manipulovat.Mysl\u00edm,\u017ee z m\u00e9ho pohledu je tam dost v\u011bc\u00ed co je pot\u0159eba zm\u011bnit. ", " Amazon vive y respira sus valores como ninguna otra empresa que conozca. Uno es totalmente due\u00f1o de sus proyectos, con total libertad de acci\u00f3n y ejecuci\u00f3n, con todo el soporte de la empresa. Con la forma de trabajo de Amazon llev\u00e9 mi productividad a niveles que no imagin\u00e9 antes, ejecutando proyectos en la mitad de tiempo de lo que hubiera tomado en una empresa tradicional. ", " Se resume en presion,presion y presion ,siempre vas por debajo segun sus numeros te da igual lo q corras o los problemas q t puedan surgir,la oferta t la pintan muy bonita pero cuando ves lo q hay,eso de los turnos rotativos no existe,asi q si quereis desconectaros un poco de vuestra vida familiar y personal ya sabeis,yo estuve desconectado 7 meses y como se pasa en fin ", " Amazon ist ein sehr guter und zufriedenstellender Arbeitgeber. Ich habe sehr viel \u00fcber die Produktion gelernt aber auch was es hei\u00dft hart zu Arbeiten dennoch hat es mir immer Spa\u00df gemacht und ich habe mich auf meine T\u00e4glichen Herausforderungen gefreut ich habe sehr viel mitgenommen konnte meine Ersthelfer machen die g25 Pr\u00fcfung  (E-Ameise) und hatte stehts neue und Verantwortungsvolle Aufgaben in dem Bereich Pack ich w\u00fcrde jeder Zeit wieder hin gehen. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Abbastanza attenti alla sicurezza (a parte quando devi andare veloce allora li chiudono un occhio) fissati sulla produttivit\u00e0 quando \u00e8 pressoch\u00e9 impossibile dato che mancano carrelli e ceste. La pausa di sola mezz'ora che poi diventano 20 minuti \u00e8 inutile e stressante. Molte volte non c'\u00e8 meritocrazia. Lati positivi, gli orari sono quelli precisi e i turni per 2-3 settimane sOno fissati. Ticket per mangiare. Alcune iniziative aziendali (tipo raccolta a punti per chi lavora in sicurezza ) che rendono meno noioso il lavoro. Ci sono moltissime cose che van migliorate per essere effettivamente un ottimo posto di lavoro ", " Amazon ist ein sehr guter und zufriedenstellender Arbeitgeber. Ich habe sehr viel \u00fcber die Produktion gelernt aber auch was es hei\u00dft hart zu Arbeiten dennoch hat es mir immer Spa\u00df gemacht und ich habe mich auf meine T\u00e4glichen Herausforderungen gefreut ich habe sehr viel mitgenommen konnte meine Ersthelfer machen die g25 Pr\u00fcfung  (E-Ameise) und hatte stehts neue und Verantwortungsvolle Aufgaben in dem Bereich Pack ich w\u00fcrde jeder Zeit wieder hin gehen. ", " L'entreprise en elle m\u00eame est tres serieuse. Il y a beaucoup de r\u00e8gles \u00e0 assimiler ass\u00e9 vite. Le reproche que je peux faire, et le fait que vous tr\u00e9s polyvalent, est-ce un d\u00e9faut de l'entreprise? Pour certains comme moi oui, en effet certaines semaine vous pouvez changer 3 \u00e0 4 fois de poste et parfois 2 \u00e0 3 fois dans la journ\u00e9e en fonction des besoins de l'entreprise. En ce qui concerne la cadence de travail, franchement elle reste convenable, vous avez une production \u00e0 respecter (Autent d'article stocker/pr\u00e9lever \u00e0 l'heure) mais cela reste dans le domaine du possible et du concevable (Je l'avoue pas forcement pour les d\u00e9butants).  Attention aux regles de s\u00e9curit\u00e9, m\u00eame si certaines paraisse insignifiante, l'\u00e9quipe de manager reste en constante observation si vous transgress\u00e9 une r\u00eagle de s\u00e9curit\u00e9 (et cela peut vous couter l'embauche, m\u00eame si vous etes parfait en production et qualit\u00e9) ", " Plut\u00f4t bien mais tr\u00e8s physique , il faut \u00eatre motiv\u00e9 et tout donner , il y'a un rythme \u00e0 prendre qui n'est pas simple pour tout le monde mais pas impossible . Les formateurs sur lesquels je suis tomber \u00e9tait tr\u00e8s bien et tr\u00e8s gentils je n'ai pas eu \u00e0 m'en plaindre . L'aspect le plus difficile pour moi \u00e0 \u00e9t\u00e9 de passer ma journ\u00e9e avec les chaussures de s\u00e9curit\u00e9s dont je n'avait pas l'habitude , donc du mal a m'habituer au d\u00e9part , et mes pieds ont morfl\u00e9 mais une fois qu'on s'y est fait , \u00e7a va beaucoup mieux :) ", " pues mi primero dia de trabajo,el chico y la chica que me ense\u00f1aste como funciona las cosas y como ubicar las mercancias con pistola radio frecuencia son perfectos,y con esto no me cuesta de aprender. aprendio muchas cosas en Amazon,porlejempro si encontra cualker dificultade pues en cada puesto de trabajo hay gente que esta a disposicion en ayudarte, y tambien hay gente que se llama sweepers son gente specializado con ordenadores y ellos encarga en solucionar tu problemas imediata.y con ellos no va a tener problema de nada. los encargados se porta fenomenar siempre preguntan si algien tiene algun problema o necesita ayudar. mis colegas se porta bien, siempre lo dicen en reunion tiene que respectar tu colega de trabajo.todos mundo es igual. parte mas dificil del trabajo es cuando suena las alarmas y todos mundo tiene que evacuar y sales fuera por seguridad y como estamos en invierno salimos con camiseta manga corta y siempre tenemos frio hasta que soluciona y saben porque se pitan alarmas. megusta mas como trabajan en grupos, y como porta los leeds,con nosotros. los leeds es como los encargados de empresas, portan fenomenal. ", " Amazon vive y respira sus valores como ninguna otra empresa que conozca. Uno es totalmente due\u00f1o de sus proyectos, con total libertad de acci\u00f3n y ejecuci\u00f3n, con todo el soporte de la empresa. Con la forma de trabajo de Amazon llev\u00e9 mi productividad a niveles que no imagin\u00e9 antes, ejecutando proyectos en la mitad de tiempo de lo que hubiera tomado en una empresa tradicional. ", " He estado trabajando en el centro logistico de San Fernando de Henares y un experiencia unica en el mal sentido. No quieren personas sino maquinas, tienes que llegar a unos niveles de producci\u00f3n inexcusablemente ademas de tener una patata de sistemas de evaluaci\u00f3n que no contemplan problemas durante la jornada los cuales hacen reducirte la misma. No existen descansos, es una jornada fisica y muy dura en la que te puede costar cualquier problema fisico. El unico descanso que hay es de tan solo 15 minutos el cual no se cumple el establecido por ley y tienes que poner 15 minutos mas de tu tiempo para tener un descanso mayor (30 minutos). Bueno, todo esto ya est\u00e1 comunicado a las autoridades competentes que supongo tomar\u00e1 medidas en el asunto. Animo y valor para los que continuen y que no les cueste algun problema de salud porque en definitiva es lo que importa ", " Se resume en presion,presion y presion ,siempre vas por debajo segun sus numeros te da igual lo q corras o los problemas q t puedan surgir,la oferta t la pintan muy bonita pero cuando ves lo q hay,eso de los turnos rotativos no existe,asi q si quereis desconectaros un poco de vuestra vida familiar y personal ya sabeis,yo estuve desconectado 7 meses y como se pasa en fin ", " Horaire : 2*7 Opportunit\u00e9s d'\u00e9volution: faible Management: manque de communication Coll\u00e8gues : beaucoup de changement car beaucoup d'int\u00e9rimaires Le plus difficile : les horaires, les cadences \u00e0 respecter, la comp\u00e9titivit\u00e9 entre embauch\u00e9s Le plus agr\u00e9able : la musique dans le b\u00e2timent, le salaire en fin de mois et les actions donn\u00e9es gratuitement \u00e0 l'embauche ", " Il ne faut pas se faire de fausse id\u00e9es vis \u00e0 vis d'Amazon. Il s'agit d'un travail en usine. De la r\u00e9ception \u00e0 l'expedition de marchandise en passant par la mise en stock. Ils proposent \u00e9norm\u00e9ment de poste car il y a beaucoup de travail \u00e0 effectuer. C'est dure c'est vrai mais ce n'est pas non plus le pire m\u00e9tier. Ils donnent leur chance \u00e0 beaucoup de personnes qu'elles soient jeune ou non, avec de l'exp\u00e9rience ou non. On peut y trouver une tr\u00e8s bonne ambiance gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 des coll\u00e8gues mais personnellement je trouve qu'il n'y a pas de reconnaissance pour le travail accompli. Ou en tout cas pas assez pour ceux qui le m\u00e9ritent vraiment. ", " Travail \u00e0 la cha\u00eene, peu de reconnaissance, peu de salaire. Des managers et un grand patron qui demandent d'\u00eatre rentable tr\u00e8s vite sans avoir eux m\u00eames pratiquer. Nous n'avons pas les m\u00eames responsabilit\u00e9s, mais de la reconnaissance et un salaire plus important ne serait pas de trop \u00e9tant donn\u00e9 les b\u00e9n\u00e9fices d\u00e9gag\u00e9s...  Ils d\u00e9tournent votre attention en distribuant des collations... ", " I was forced to move to another team the first 4 hours joining the company following a 4 round \"team match\".  Marketplace team have no ambition towards technologies. Heavily driven by business.   Extreme poor management. Some older SDEs write no code, join no spring planning meeting or operation meetings but distributes commands to new joiners. Managers do nothing to stop it.  Talent guys left the team/company one by one. ", " me parece buena empresa lo unico que deberian ceder mas con los trabajadores todos los dias no se va igual a trabajar unos dias se te da bien y otros peor no por lo cual si no cumples sus espectativas de trabajo te echan .no se puede compara una persona de 20 con una de 40 ", " Una volta dentro e fatta la formazione iniziale avrete una mansione, sta a voi vedere di imparare altro che vi interessa, avranno poco tempo per insegnarvi altro quindi se non lo fate probabilmente avrete la stessa mansione ogni giorno. Capitano molte occasioni dove vi chiederanno se sapete fare una mansione che non vi hanno spiegato, ma se avete chiesto in giro ai colleghi o siete stati attenti a quello che vedevate attorno riuscite quasi sicuramente a cambiare mansione, pu\u00f2 darsi che poi si ricordino che lo sapete fare e magari avrete giornate pi\u00f9 varie, il problema \u00e8 che se vi chiedono di fare qualcosa che non vi hanno spiegato si aspettano che lo sappiate gi\u00e0 fare, che non ha molto senso ma a me \u00e8 sembrato che ragionano cos\u00ec   La formazione su altre mansioni oltre la prima volta \u00e8 carente quindi se volete cambiare organizzatevi da soli,il solito chi fa da se fa per 3 ", " Bonne int\u00e9gration, suivi de l'employer, consid\u00e9ration et \u00e9coute sont de mises.\" travailler dure\" = satisfaction personnelle.Esprit de challenge poussant \u00e0 l'action qui est tr\u00e9s int\u00e9ressant \u00e0 vivre dans cette entreprise humaine. J'ai v\u00e9cu une bonne exp\u00e9rience \u00e0 taille humaine, \u00e0 refaire... N.HARCHY ", " Environnement port\u00e9 par une culture forte et dynamique.  Le travail est dur mais les opportunit\u00e9s de progression r\u00e9elles et vari\u00e9es.   Systeme m\u00e9ritocratique, la r\u00e9ussite est reconnue, et son absence non tol\u00e9r\u00e9e sur le long terme.  A recommander \u00e0 ceux qui sont pr\u00eats \u00e0 s'impliquer. ", " Aprende-se a trabalhar de forma eficiente, a pensar no longo prazo mas a atuar no curto prazo tendo sempre o consumidor em mente. Os dias s\u00e3o intensos em reuni\u00f5es, e todos os colaboradores s\u00e3o muito inteligentes, mas as a\u00e7\u00f5es s\u00e3o efetivas e h\u00e1 um ambiente de ambi\u00e7\u00e3o e de melhorar os processos existentes muito acentuado. ", " Et j'ai beaucoup aim\u00e9 travailler dans cette Usine car j'ai pu apprendre plusieurs postes de travail,  de ce fait c'est tr\u00e8s agr\u00e9able de changer de poste selon les demandes et c'est tr\u00e8s agr\u00e9able de travailler dans cette cuisine car la bonne humeur et au rendez-vous ", " Je re\u00e7ois les commandes sur un scanner je vais les chercher aux endroits indiqu\u00e9s et je les d\u00e9pose sur un convoyeur. J'aime ce travail car c'est physique il faut toujours se surpasser. Les employeurs et employ\u00e9s sont tr\u00e8s \u00e0 l'\u00e9coute, notre s\u00e9curit\u00e9 et notre bien \u00eatre sont leurs priorit\u00e9s. ", " AMAZON cultive une histoire depuis sa cr\u00e9ation, ainsi que de nombreuses strat\u00e9gies et se d\u00e9veloppe et se diversifie \u00e0 travers le monde. la mise en place de nouvelles applications multim\u00e9dia en sont la preuve. Le management et les techniques de production sur les sites de production sont la cl\u00e9 de la performance "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Non mi sono trovato male anche se ho fatto solo per pochi giorni il pi\u00f9 pesante era la tipologia di orario visto che dovevo fare sempre la notte x il resto tutto bene ", " Tres bonne ambiance au saint de l'entreprise travaille agreable ! ", " Nelituji pr\u00e1ce v Amazonu,ur\u010dit\u011b je to bohat\u00e1 zku\u0161enost do \u017eivota,byla jin\u00e1 ne\u017e na jakou jsem byla zvykl\u00e1,ale nen\u00ed to pr\u00e1ce na dlouho.Je to tam hodn\u011b hektick\u00e9 a hlavn\u011b velk\u00fd n\u00e1por na nohy.D\u011blala jsem ji r\u00e1da a mysl\u00edm,\u017ee i dob\u0159e.Bohu\u017eel posledn\u00ed m\u011bs\u00edce se to tam dost zm\u011bnilo,\u0159ekla bych \u017ee k hor\u0161\u00edmu a to byl jeden z d\u016fvod\u016f pro\u010d to nezkusit jinde.Nikdy jsem si nemohla st\u011b\u017eovat na kolegy nebo m\u00e9 nad\u0159\u00edzen\u00e9.Nejt\u011b\u017e\u0161\u00ed \u010d\u00e1sti pr\u00e1ce jsou ty kde je to p\u0159et\u00ed\u017een\u00e9 pro \u017eeny a p\u0159esto s t\u00edm mus\u00ed manipulovat.Mysl\u00edm,\u017ee z m\u00e9ho pohledu je tam dost v\u011bc\u00ed co je pot\u0159eba zm\u011bnit. ", " Et j'ai beaucoup aim\u00e9 travailler dans cette Usine car j'ai pu apprendre plusieurs postes de travail,  de ce fait c'est tr\u00e8s agr\u00e9able de changer de poste selon les demandes et c'est tr\u00e8s agr\u00e9able de travailler dans cette cuisine car la bonne humeur et au rendez-vous ", " Addetto al Recive, ricevimento merce, messa in carico del materiale in arrivo. ", " tr\u00e8s bonne exp\u00e9rience en somme  bonne ambiance dans l'ensemble ", " Le fait de devoir marcher sans s\u2019arr\u00eater peut parfois \u00eatre p\u00e9nible. ", " C'est une bonne entreprise, je travaillais en 2/8, les horaires sont plut\u00f4t bien par rapport \u00e0 certaines entreprises.  Les manageurs sont plut\u00f4t agr\u00e9able et les leads pareils. ", " Travail \u00e0 la cha\u00eene, peu de reconnaissance, peu de salaire. Des managers et un grand patron qui demandent d'\u00eatre rentable tr\u00e8s vite sans avoir eux m\u00eames pratiquer. Nous n'avons pas les m\u00eames responsabilit\u00e9s, mais de la reconnaissance et un salaire plus important ne serait pas de trop \u00e9tant donn\u00e9 les b\u00e9n\u00e9fices d\u00e9gag\u00e9s...  Ils d\u00e9tournent votre attention en distribuant des collations... ", " Amazon ha degli standard safety e quality molto alti, grazie a questo ho avuto l'opportunit\u00e0 di crescere professionalmente con una formazione di livello molto alto. ", " Ottimo per la possibilit\u00e0 di lavorare con gente competente ", " Pourquoi y a t-il un brassement de tans d'employ\u00e9s toujours des nouveaux et jamais la possibilit\u00e9 de retourner y travailler en tans qu'anciens. ", " es un sitio en el que se trabaja bastante pero te tienen bien atendido te ayudan te resuelven cualquier duda y te motivan cada dia a darlo todo de uno para sacar el trabajo ", " Int\u00e9grer Amazon debut 2000 a \u00e9t\u00e9 ma grande chance. Plusieurs postes chez Amazon, avec de grandes possibilit\u00e9s d'\u00e9volution, et rencontrer des collaborateurs extraordinaire et inventifs. ", " mann f\u00fchlt sich so als w\u00e4re man im Knast, es werden versprechen nicht eingehalten, man ist dauerhaft unter Beobachtung, toiletteng\u00e4nge werden gez\u00e4hlt usw. ", " Si usted hace su trabajo bien, nadie se preocupa por que este haciendo de m\u00e1s, no hay codigo de vestimenta y hay mucha flexibilidad de horarios ", " Travail d\u00e9cevant pour une premi\u00e8re exp\u00e9rience  Pas bien payer ", " Uma Empresa Boa no mercado, possui uma estrutura boa para seus funcion\u00e1rios e clientes...Possui plano de carreira para os funcion\u00e1rios, valorizando os mesmo.... ", " Une esprit d'\u00e9quipe superbe, il y a une tr\u00e8s bonne s\u00e9curit\u00e9 et un tr\u00e8s bon dialogue avec nos sup\u00e9rieurs. ", " L'image qui ressort d'amazon dans les m\u00e9dias est pour moi non justifi\u00e9 car le contexte est agr\u00e9able et l'allure pas si abondante. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Es un buen trabajo motivador en lo personal me encantar\u00eda volver a trabajar para Amazon lo recomiendo ", " luogo di lavoro impeccabile ma totale mancanza di sicurezze per il futuro essendo principalmente indirizzata all'impiego di manodopera a tempo determinato. ", " Es una empresa muy abierta y te ayudan a formar tu futuro. Tienes Muchas oportunidades de seguir formando tu carrera en subir de niveles para conseguir puestos mas altos. ", " je suis tr\u00e8s motiver et determiner pour rentrer dans le domaine de la logistique. j'ai quelque stages qui mon vraiment plus. j'ai envie de travailler. ", " Ce n'est pas du tout un travail int\u00e9ressant, deux jours de travail, et j'ai re\u00e7u un avertissement injustifi\u00e9 ! La pause arrive au bout de 4h de travaux acharn\u00e9s m\u00eame si la pause n'en est pas vraiment une.. J'ai voulu aller boire, et on m'a fait la remarque de me d\u00e9p\u00eacher, mon contrat s'est termin\u00e9 au bout de deux semaines et ce n'est pas plus mal ! D\u00e9conseille fortement, entreprise et management \u00e0 m\u00e9priser ! En plus ce n'est pas comme si le salaire justifiait le travail, vous \u00eates pay\u00e9s une mis\u00e8re. ", " Ambiente lavorativo dinamico e giovanile. Contratto Mog,buona paga. Contratti lavorativo troppo brevi. ", " No todo es bueno, un poco enga\u00f1osa en cuanto a la estabilidad laboral, le dicen a uno que se va a quedar permanente y al final es mentira. ", " Dia lleno de trabajo, aprendi nuevos metodos de ventas, la gerencia muy buena y amigable, colegas muy buenos, nada dificil y muy amigable ", " El trabajo en Amazon, es muy agradable, un trabajo increible, teniamos muchos servicios, que ninguna empresa da, como es el caf\u00e9 todo el dia, t\u00e9s organicos, cocina, refrigerador, terraza, no exigian que a un horario se entraba o salia, evaluaban con respecto a resultados y no a horarios, cumplian con los pagos y daban prestaciones muy buenas. Tenian continuamente actividades sociales, que no tenian relacion alguna con el trabajo, el ambiente laboral y los compa\u00f1eros son muy agradables asi como colaborativos.  El unico problema que yo detecte, es que no se tiene una estabilidad laboral, puesto que la empresa busca hacer cada vez mas automatizados los sistemas que emplea, dejando sin trabajo amuchos equipos, por sustituirlos por un sistema informatico automatico, y por otro lado, la paga por los conocimientos que se tienen que tener era algo baja, pero esto se compensaba con el ambiente y con las facilidades que se nos daban como la posibilidad de trabajar desde casa ", " Trabajo hace unos meses en Amazon MIA5 y llama la atenci\u00f3n la diversidad de la fuerza laboral que es bastante homog\u00e9nea. Se respira absoluto  respeto al trabajador. Muy buen ambiente!! ", " C'est une bonne entreprise, je travaillais en 2/8, les horaires sont plut\u00f4t bien par rapport \u00e0 certaines entreprises.  Les manageurs sont plut\u00f4t agr\u00e9able et les leads pareils. ", " Ritmi frenetici durante i picchi di lavoro, gestione quindi caotica. Non sempre cordiali i responsabili e sfruttamento delle risorse senza poi nessuna prospettiva professionale. ", " Si usted hace su trabajo bien, nadie se preocupa por que este haciendo de m\u00e1s, no hay codigo de vestimenta y hay mucha flexibilidad de horarios ", " Le plus difficile a mon poste est de march\u00e9 sur de longue distance avec des chaussures de s\u00e9curit\u00e9 et de port\u00e9 de lourde charge. ", " Cette exp\u00e9rience m'a permis d'acqu\u00e9rir certaines connaissances en logistique mais la cadence et le rythme de travail ne me correspondent pas ", " le falta mucha logistica y en la forma de despedir a un trabajador deja mucho que decir es algo muy inhumano. ", " Experiencia em atendimentos ao cliente possibilidade de crescimento interno treinamentos ", " Orari di inzio lavoro precisi Lo stipendio si basa sulle ore lavorate, e spesso le ore lavorate non sono definite (puoi fare 10 ore come puoi farne 5). Luogo piacevole dove lavorare e molto professionale ", " Ambiente lavorativo piacevole,se fai il tuo dovere nessuno ti dice niente,anche se per i pochi mesi che ho lavorato li,mi hanno trattato come uno di loro ", " Og\u00f3lnie wra\u017cenie dobre, zapewnian\u0105 posi\u0142ki ciep\u0142e na sto\u0142\u00f3wce oraz zapewniaj\u0105 dojazd, panuje tam mi\u0142a atmosfera. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Plut\u00f4t bien mais tr\u00e8s physique , il faut \u00eatre motiv\u00e9 et tout donner , il y'a un rythme \u00e0 prendre qui n'est pas simple pour tout le monde mais pas impossible . Les formateurs sur lesquels je suis tomber \u00e9tait tr\u00e8s bien et tr\u00e8s gentils je n'ai pas eu \u00e0 m'en plaindre . L'aspect le plus difficile pour moi \u00e0 \u00e9t\u00e9 de passer ma journ\u00e9e avec les chaussures de s\u00e9curit\u00e9s dont je n'avait pas l'habitude , donc du mal a m'habituer au d\u00e9part , et mes pieds ont morfl\u00e9 mais une fois qu'on s'y est fait , \u00e7a va beaucoup mieux :) ", " A empresa E \u00f3tima pra se trabalhar,lhe oferece uma diversidade de possibilidades para entender o que voc\u00ea quer. ", " AMAZON cultive une histoire depuis sa cr\u00e9ation, ainsi que de nombreuses strat\u00e9gies et se d\u00e9veloppe et se diversifie \u00e0 travers le monde. la mise en place de nouvelles applications multim\u00e9dia en sont la preuve. Le management et les techniques de production sur les sites de production sont la cl\u00e9 de la performance ", " luogo di lavoro impeccabile ma totale mancanza di sicurezze per il futuro essendo principalmente indirizzata all'impiego di manodopera a tempo determinato. ", " Horaire : 2*7 Opportunit\u00e9s d'\u00e9volution: faible Management: manque de communication Coll\u00e8gues : beaucoup de changement car beaucoup d'int\u00e9rimaires Le plus difficile : les horaires, les cadences \u00e0 respecter, la comp\u00e9titivit\u00e9 entre embauch\u00e9s Le plus agr\u00e9able : la musique dans le b\u00e2timent, le salaire en fin de mois et les actions donn\u00e9es gratuitement \u00e0 l'embauche ", " \u00e8 un ambiente stimolante e giovanile ,responsabili disponibili ad aiutarti in caso di bisogno. ", " Tr\u00e8s physique, marcher + de 15 kilom\u00e8tre par jours en \u00e9tant en pick. sa renforce le mental ", " un gran equipo de trabajo, los encagados un gran trato con el personal. ", " Muy buen ambiente laboral, buen salario y muchos beneficios. ", " Arriver a 5h30 rangement des affaire . Pointage et on se mais a son poste. D\u00e9roulement de la journ\u00e9e. Pose avec les amie. Le plus difficile son les caisse elle son lourd. Le plus agr\u00e9able les emballage cadeau.  2 mois pour amazone et une bonne exp\u00e9rience mais ne souhaiterai pas avoir un CDI. ", " Je re\u00e7ois les commandes sur un scanner je vais les chercher aux endroits indiqu\u00e9s et je les d\u00e9pose sur un convoyeur. J'aime ce travail car c'est physique il faut toujours se surpasser. Les employeurs et employ\u00e9s sont tr\u00e8s \u00e0 l'\u00e9coute, notre s\u00e9curit\u00e9 et notre bien \u00eatre sont leurs priorit\u00e9s. ", " Aucune opportunit\u00e9s de d\u00e9veloppement Management irrespectueux collaborateurs absents Flux des clients al\u00e9atoires Bonne \u00e9quipe de week-end ", " Tr\u00e8s bonne ambiance qui donne vraiment plaisir a travailler ", " j'aime beaucoup travailler chez amazon la seule chose qui ne me convient pas est le principe d'evolution ", " e un posto di lavoro,si va a lavorare per percepire uno stipendio ", " Bellissima esperienza lavorativa sperando in un richiamo ", " Mon travail pour Amazon consiste \u00e0 porter assistance aux vendeurs utilisant notre plateforme pour faire du commerce. Que ce soit pour une modification de titres ou la fusion de 2 offres identiques en passant par la fermeture de compte et le remboursement client, le job est tr\u00e8s vari\u00e9 et aucun cas n'est identique ce qui apporte un certain suspense \u00e0 chaque fois qu'un nouveau cas arrive dans notre \"Lobby\". Ma journ\u00e9e typique se r\u00e9sume \u00e0 essayer de comprendre au mieux ce que le vendeur souhaite et tent\u00e9 de r\u00e9pondre de la meilleure fa\u00e7on \u00e0 sa requ\u00eate. Le t\u00e9l\u00e9phone et les emails sont les moyens de communication dont je dispose pour communiquer avec nos clients ", " Gute Organisation der Belehrung von neuen Arbeiter. Gute Verh\u00e4ltnisse zwischen Mitarbeitern. Es war nicht leicht (besonders in der Sp\u00e4tschicht) einen erweiterten Arbeitstag arbeiten. Es war angenehm Geschenke zu bekommen ", " Bonne int\u00e9gration, suivi de l'employer, consid\u00e9ration et \u00e9coute sont de mises.\" travailler dure\" = satisfaction personnelle.Esprit de challenge poussant \u00e0 l'action qui est tr\u00e9s int\u00e9ressant \u00e0 vivre dans cette entreprise humaine. J'ai v\u00e9cu une bonne exp\u00e9rience \u00e0 taille humaine, \u00e0 refaire... N.HARCHY ", " am besten hat mir bei Amazon im Wareneingang (Receive) gefallen , die verschiedensten T\u00e4tigkeiten wie z.B. das pr\u00fcfen auf Qualit\u00e4t der einzelnen Artikel , sowie der Bestandsaufnahme  positiv /  sich weiter zu bilden intern der verschiedenen Aufgabengebiete "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Performance, agilit\u00e9, imagination, satisfaction client. ", " Belle exp\u00e9rience, j'ai beaucoup appris. Bonne formation, bonne \u00e9quipe, bonne ambiance. \u00e9quipe \u00e0 l'\u00e9coute et dynamique. ", " Trabajo hace unos meses en Amazon MIA5 y llama la atenci\u00f3n la diversidad de la fuerza laboral que es bastante homog\u00e9nea. Se respira absoluto  respeto al trabajador. Muy buen ambiente!! ", " Es ist nicht alles schlecht an Amazon und es gibt h\u00e4rtere Arbeit und schlimmere Jobs.Dennoch ist es keine T\u00e4tigkeit f\u00fcr ein Leben lang- dazu sind die T\u00e4tigkeiten f\u00fcr normale Mitarbeiter (also keine F\u00fchrungskr\u00e4fte) zu monoton (auch der D\u00fcmmste schafft diese Jobs) und kr\u00e4ftezehrend auf Dauer- ich habe drei Jahre dort gearbeitet,hatte auch einen Festvertrag und habe diesen freiwillig aufgegeben weil ich dort nicht mehr l\u00e4nger bleiben konnte ohne gesundheitliche Sch\u00e4den und Lebensqualit\u00e4t einzub\u00fc\u00dfen.Ich empfehle diesen jOb als \u00dcbrgang oder f\u00fcr maximal 1 Jahr-nicht l\u00e4nger.Die Schichtarbeit sorgt daf\u00fcr,dass das Privatleben verloren geht- schnell hat man keine Hobbies und Freunde mehr, lebt nur noch f\u00fcr diesen Job-es sei denn man geh\u00f6rt zu denen die dauernd krank feiern aber dazu geh\u00f6rte ich nun einmal nicht.Geld und Sicherheit sind doch nicht alles- selbst wenn Arbeitslosigkeit droht. Denn auf Dauer war es wie im Gef\u00e4ngnis.Alleine schon dass normale Mitarbeiter das Lager nie verlassen d\u00fcrfen, kein Handy mit an den Arbeitsplatz nehmen d\u00fcrfen, man ist von der Au\u00dfenwelt total abgeschottet- es gibt kaum Tageslicht in den Hallen und w\u00e4hrend der Pausen sitzt man im eingez\u00e4unten Gitterbereich.....ich habe w\u00e4rhend meiner Zeit dort stark abgenommen und bin auch ordentlich verbl\u00f6det durch das st\u00e4ndige monotone Gepiepe mit dem Scanner hatte keine Energie mehr f\u00fcr das Privatleben.Es herrscht Ungerechtigkeit und Vetternwirtschaft- das jemand super arbeitet bedeutet nicht dass er eine Festanstellung bekommen wird......die Fleissigen tragen die Faulen mit durch,dort ist es wirklich so.Aufstiegschancen ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> so gut wie gar keine-Amazon wirbt mit angeblichen Weiterbildungsm\u00f6glichkeiten aber mir wurden diese trotz zwei Jahren Betriebszugeh\u00f6rigkeit nicht zugestanden.Dann gibt es einige Vorgesetzte (nicht alle einige sind auch sehr intelligent) die dumm sind wie Brot und von denen man sich dann rum kommandieren lassen muss...  Ansonsten: Die Arbeit ist geistig einfach-k\u00f6rperlich sehr anstrengend (immer 8 stunden gehen oder stehen-irgendwo sitzen ist verboten gibt eine Abmahnung)-es ist auch anspruchsvoll sich bei monotonen immer wiederkehrenden Vorg\u00e4ngen durchg\u00e4ngig zu konzentrieren dh Konzentrationsf\u00e4higkeit ist beim Z\u00e4hlen der Ware etc schon gefordert...an sich sind alle T\u00e4tigkeiten innerhalb von 2 Stunden zu erlernen........die Pause hat man,sie ist den Amazoniern heilig,alledings darf man sie nicht machen wann man will (und wann man sie wirklich brauchen w\u00fcrde- das w\u00e4r mal ein Fortschritt liebes Amazon) sondern zu einer festen Zeit und in der Fr\u00fchschicht meistens viel zu sp\u00e4t ,n\u00e4mlich erst gegen Mittag, d.h wenn man es vorher nicht geschafft hat zu fr\u00fchst\u00fccken muss man bis halb Zw\u00f6lf mit h\u00e4ngendem Magen arbeiten...aber daf\u00fcr gibts Kaffee gratis f\u00fcr alle in der Kantine- Wasser gibts auch und man darf jederzeit zum Wasserspender und die Flasche auff\u00fcllen...Amazon hat auch schon Einiges verbessert an den Arbeitsbedingungen aber die Arbeit wird immer monoton und auslaugend bleiben und der Konkurrenzkampf unter den Mitarbeitern um begehrte Posten Positionen und Festvertr\u00e4ge wird immer einem wahren guten Kollegenzusammenhalt entgegen stehen. Offiziell sind dort alle freundlich, man duzt sich etc...aber es gibt keinen wahrne Zusammenhalt unter den Kollegen, eher Hick Hack.......viele sind auch auf Kindergarten Niveau dort.Das Niveau an sich, also das Bildungsniveau ist eher niedrig.Positiv ist die Multi Kulti Nationalit\u00e4t und das zumindest vordergr\u00fcndig lockere.Als \u00dcbergangsjob f\u00fcr junge Leute ganz gut-aber besser nicht zu lange dort bleiben........in dem Laden wird aus den meisten Leuten nichts....und tats\u00e4chlich findet man dort einige Idioten die in Positionen kommen........ich bin ganz froh dass ich weg gegangen bin (war dann einfach krank bis zur K\u00fcndigung) bevor es noch schlimmer wurde mit mir-erst danach als ich dort weg war habe ich so richtig gemerkt was ich in den drei Jahren an Leben verpasst hatte und wie gut genug Essen tut und FREIHEIT.Endlich wieder sitzen d\u00fcrfen wann man will :-). Jetzt habe ich einen Job wo ich Pause machen kann wann ich will und wo ich etwas mehr gefordert werde. ", " Ils faut toujours avoir les gestes et postures control\u00e9s par les managers de Amazon.  Si nous n'avons pas ces gestes nous risquions de nous faire licenci\u00e9s. ", " le falta mucha logistica y en la forma de despedir a un trabajador deja mucho que decir es algo muy inhumano. ", " L'ambiance g\u00e9n\u00e9ral \u00e9tait bonne mais dommage que les managers se coupaient des autres salari\u00e9s ", " El ambiente que proporciona la compa\u00f1\u00eda es muy bueno, hay mucho compa\u00f1erismo, excelentes manager. Un ambiente seguro. ", " Bien l'\u00e9quipe  le travail sportifs sinon jai bien aim\u00e9 travaille la bas ", " Nous sommes amen\u00e9s \u00e0 \u00eatre a l'heure dans ce travail. Nous devons \u00eatre rigoureux et concentr\u00e9 respecter les lieux et \u00eatre attentif. ", " At Amazon, I am currently working in two department, named as SHIPDOC and PICKING. At SHIPDOC, i am responsible to make sure the shipping outwards of every order is properly scanned and imported in the IT-system. Different locations order are properly organised and loaded in appropriate way for the right shipment. Also need to make sure the new hires are properly trained and provide consulting if any needed.  At PICK, i am responsible to make at least right picking of around 600 orders everyday, check if all the orders are in the right condition to be shipped outwards, and finally organised them with the urgency of every order. ", " pues mi primero dia de trabajo,el chico y la chica que me ense\u00f1aste como funciona las cosas y como ubicar las mercancias con pistola radio frecuencia son perfectos,y con esto no me cuesta de aprender. aprendio muchas cosas en Amazon,porlejempro si encontra cualker dificultade pues en cada puesto de trabajo hay gente que esta a disposicion en ayudarte, y tambien hay gente que se llama sweepers son gente specializado con ordenadores y ellos encarga en solucionar tu problemas imediata.y con ellos no va a tener problema de nada. los encargados se porta fenomenar siempre preguntan si algien tiene algun problema o necesita ayudar. mis colegas se porta bien, siempre lo dicen en reunion tiene que respectar tu colega de trabajo.todos mundo es igual. parte mas dificil del trabajo es cuando suena las alarmas y todos mundo tiene que evacuar y sales fuera por seguridad y como estamos en invierno salimos con camiseta manga corta y siempre tenemos frio hasta que soluciona y saben porque se pitan alarmas. megusta mas como trabajan en grupos, y como porta los leeds,con nosotros. los leeds es como los encargados de empresas, portan fenomenal. ", " je trouve ke cette entreprise et bien en elle meme apart un pe dur de marcher pendant 7h dafiler , mai les manager son tre sympa ", " Ambiente lavorativo piacevole,se fai il tuo dovere nessuno ti dice niente,anche se per i pochi mesi che ho lavorato li,mi hanno trattato come uno di loro ", " Superbe entreprise de bonnes initiatives pour leurs employ\u00e9s. ", " es una empresa que me ha dado la gran oportunidad de aprender desde cero, haci\u00e9ndome crecer personal y profesionalmente, el ambiente de trabajo es muy muy bueno, me ha hecho aprender muchas cosas ", " Tr\u00e8s bon esprit d'\u00e9quipe, des manager toujours pr\u00e9sents et de tr\u00e8s bon souvenir avec les personne de mon \u00e9quipe. ", " Trabajo organizado y bien estructurado.   Es bastante agilizado y personal. ", " \u0e17\u0e33\u0e07\u0e32\u0e19\u0e41\u0e1a\u0e1a\u0e19\u0e35\u0e49\u0e21\u0e35\u0e04\u0e27\u0e32\u0e21\u0e04\u0e23\u0e2d\u0e07\u0e15\u0e31\u0e27 \u0e01\u0e23\u0e30\u0e15\u0e37\u0e2d\u0e23\u0e37\u0e2d\u0e25\u0e48\u0e19 \u0e01\u0e31\u0e1a\u0e01\u0e32\u0e23\u0e17\u0e33\u0e07\u0e32\u0e19\u0e43\u0e19\u0e41\u0e15\u0e48\u0e25\u0e30\u0e27\u0e31\u0e19\u0e21\u0e35\u0e2d\u0e2d\u0e40\u0e14\u0e2d\u0e23\u0e4c\u0e43\u0e2b\u0e21\u0e48\u0e46\u0e46\u0e21\u0e32\u0e43\u0e2b\u0e49\u0e17\u0e33\u0e17\u0e38\u0e01\u0e46\u0e46\u0e0a\u0e31\u0e48\u0e27\u0e42\u0e21\u0e07 ", " I was forced to move to another team the first 4 hours joining the company following a 4 round \"team match\".  Marketplace team have no ambition towards technologies. Heavily driven by business.   Extreme poor management. Some older SDEs write no code, join no spring planning meeting or operation meetings but distributes commands to new joiners. Managers do nothing to stop it.  Talent guys left the team/company one by one. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " tr\u00e8s bonne exp\u00e9rience en somme  bonne ambiance dans l'ensemble ", " Mi  hanno imparato modo di lavorare in poco tempo il modo di comunicare e piacevole il manager e perfetto gestisce il lavoro modo gusto cuando civediamo un consigli loro sono disponibili ", " Emploi instable. Trop de pression, nous sommes des robots. ", " Belle exp\u00e9rience, j'ai beaucoup appris. Bonne formation, bonne \u00e9quipe, bonne ambiance. \u00e9quipe \u00e0 l'\u00e9coute et dynamique. ", " Travail d\u00e9cevant pour une premi\u00e8re exp\u00e9rience  Pas bien payer ", " odkazy od kolegov chvalitebny a vynikajuce vysledky ", " un gran equipo de trabajo, los encagados un gran trato con el personal. ", " Tr\u00e8s bonne ambiance qui donne vraiment plaisir a travailler ", " Muy buen ambiente laboral, buen salario y muchos beneficios. ", " Bellissima esperienza lavorativa sperando in un richiamo ", " L'entreprise est jeune, dynamique.  C'est tr\u00e8s agr\u00e9able de travailler pour AMAZON.  Quand on connait d\u00e9j\u00e0 les performances de cette entreprise en tant que client, on ne peut qu'aim\u00e9 celles en tant qu'employ\u00e9. ", " Travail dur et physique mais l'entreprise sait nous motiver que ce soit en salaire qu'en avantage ", " Bien l'\u00e9quipe  le travail sportifs sinon jai bien aim\u00e9 travaille la bas ", " e un posto di lavoro,si va a lavorare per percepire uno stipendio ", " Superbe entreprise de bonnes initiatives pour leurs employ\u00e9s. ", " Performance, agilit\u00e9, imagination, satisfaction client. ", " le travail me plaisait malheureusement les opportunit\u00e9s d \u00e9volution \u00e9taient limit\u00e9es , apr\u00e8s presque 4 mois mon contrat \u00e9tais terminer et lorsque je suis revenu en Belgique il m ont rappeler ", " Travail surveiller, cadence \u00e0 la cha\u00eene, \u00e9volution si affinit\u00e9s. ", " Formateur jamais satisfait. Le travail est assez pr\u00e9caire (quasiment que de l'interim) ", " Die Aufstiegschancen werden allen Mitarbeitern gleich gegeben. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Journ\u00e9e de travail pas trop fatigante. Beaucoup d\u2019opportunit\u00e9 d'\u00e9volution. Peu de job etudiant. ", " Les \u00e9changes avec les autres salari\u00e9s \u00e9taient r\u00e9currentes ce qui fait qu'on s'y plait beaucoup et on ne s'ennuie pas tellement. ", " Die Aufstiegschancen werden allen Mitarbeitern gleich gegeben. ", " bonne ambiance  collaborateur sympathique en cas de probleme on est jamais seul ", " Bien l'\u00e9quipe  le travail sportifs sinon jai bien aim\u00e9 travaille la bas ", " Empresa sem expectativa de crescimento, pessoal obsoleto com medo de perder emprego pelos novatos ", " Tr\u00e8s bonne ambiance qui donne vraiment plaisir a travailler ", " un gran equipo de trabajo, los encagados un gran trato con el personal. ", " Uma empresa onde se conhece diversas pessoas, adquirem se novos conhecimentos. ", " Muy buen ambiente laboral, buen salario y muchos beneficios. ", " Buena empresa, es un trabajo dificil pues el cliente siempre es un reto, pero en general gusta ", " Bellissima esperienza lavorativa sperando in un richiamo ", " Trabajo organizado y bien estructurado.   Es bastante agilizado y personal. ", " No trabalho de menor aprendiz, pude  ter o primeiro contato com o dia-a-dia de um trabalhador assalariado. Foi nesse trabalho que pude unir o conte\u00fado apreendido em sala de aula no SENAC e aplicar na empresa que exercia minhas fun\u00e7\u00f5es. ", " bonne ambiance entre coll\u00e8gue et dirigeant beaucoup de possibilit\u00e9 d\u2019\u00e9volution ", " Travail d\u00e9cevant pour une premi\u00e8re exp\u00e9rience  Pas bien payer ", " e un posto di lavoro,si va a lavorare per percepire uno stipendio ", " Travail que j'ai le plus appr\u00e9ci\u00e9 m\u00eame si le temps d'adaptation est long, ", " \u00e8 un'ambiente meritocratico stimolante e innovativo si \u00e8 a propio agio e sono selettivi nei confronti dei fannulloni benefit ottimi ", " odkazy od kolegov chvalitebny a vynikajuce vysledky "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Ce n'est pas du tout un travail int\u00e9ressant, deux jours de travail, et j'ai re\u00e7u un avertissement injustifi\u00e9 ! La pause arrive au bout de 4h de travaux acharn\u00e9s m\u00eame si la pause n'en est pas vraiment une.. J'ai voulu aller boire, et on m'a fait la remarque de me d\u00e9p\u00eacher, mon contrat s'est termin\u00e9 au bout de deux semaines et ce n'est pas plus mal ! D\u00e9conseille fortement, entreprise et management \u00e0 m\u00e9priser ! En plus ce n'est pas comme si le salaire justifiait le travail, vous \u00eates pay\u00e9s une mis\u00e8re. ", " Sembra di essere tornata al tempo degli schiavi!!! Devi dire se vai in bagno!! Mi \u00e8 sembrato di lavorare con dei robot. Non sembra di essere tra persone umane!! Inoltre fanno tanta scena sulla sicurezza ma se devi fare scatoloni di libri e metterli.su un bancale nessuno viene a dirti che non devi farlo.perche pesano troppo!! Ho.trovato solo.un paio di persone che sono state gentili.e disposte a spiegare bene il lavoro! ", " Les \u00e9changes avec les autres salari\u00e9s \u00e9taient r\u00e9currentes ce qui fait qu'on s'y plait beaucoup et on ne s'ennuie pas tellement. ", " El trabajo en Amazon, es muy agradable, un trabajo increible, teniamos muchos servicios, que ninguna empresa da, como es el caf\u00e9 todo el dia, t\u00e9s organicos, cocina, refrigerador, terraza, no exigian que a un horario se entraba o salia, evaluaban con respecto a resultados y no a horarios, cumplian con los pagos y daban prestaciones muy buenas. Tenian continuamente actividades sociales, que no tenian relacion alguna con el trabajo, el ambiente laboral y los compa\u00f1eros son muy agradables asi como colaborativos.  El unico problema que yo detecte, es que no se tiene una estabilidad laboral, puesto que la empresa busca hacer cada vez mas automatizados los sistemas que emplea, dejando sin trabajo amuchos equipos, por sustituirlos por un sistema informatico automatico, y por otro lado, la paga por los conocimientos que se tienen que tener era algo baja, pero esto se compensaba con el ambiente y con las facilidades que se nos daban como la posibilidad de trabajar desde casa ", " - Dive deep - L\u00f6sungsorientiert - Flache Hierarchien - Enormer Gestaltungsspielraum - Leistungsgerechte Entlohnung - see one - do one - teach one ", " Lavoro completo dalla mattina fino a sera Ambiente bello ma faticoso colleghi rispettosi ", " azienda multinazionale ambiente carino molte ore di lavoro ma con una bella squadra si riusciva a lavorare benissimo ", " Pracovn\u00fd de\u0148 sa za\u010dal pracovnou poradou. Obozn\u00e1menie sa s novinkami a \u010do n\u00e1s v priebehu d\u0148a \u010dakalo. Hne\u010f po m\u00edtingu si na\u0161iel ka\u017ed\u00fd svoje pracovn\u00e9 miesto. Kde n\u00e1s u\u017e \u010dakali objedn\u00e1vky, reklam\u00e1cie, po\u017eiadavky z\u00e1kazn\u00edka a kolegov. Mnohokr\u00e1t bolo potrebn\u00e9 za\u00fa\u010da\u0165 nov\u00fdch kolegov. Tak\u017ee bolo nutn\u00e9 spravi\u0165 \u0161kolenie. Pr\u00e1ca bolo tro\u0161ku monot\u00f3nna, ale ur\u010dite nie zl\u00e1. Na pracovisku panovala priate\u013esk\u00e1 atmosf\u00e9ra a sna\u017eili sme sa v\u017edy jeden druh\u00e9mu pom\u00f4c\u0165, poradi\u0165, vyhovie\u0165. Naj\u0165a\u017e\u0161ie bolo, ke\u010f sa zastavili pracovn\u00e9 linky, v\u00fdpadok siete, kde bolo potom nutn\u00e9 vykon\u00e1va\u0165 v\u0161etko ru\u010dne. Najz\u00e1bavnej\u0161ia \u010das\u0165, bola pracovn\u00fd obed a taktie\u017e, ke\u010f v\u0161etky veci fungovali. ", " Gutes Arbeitsklima, gute Einarbeitung, mittelschwere k\u00f6rperliche Arbeit ", " Sie arbeiten immer flexibel und finde ich die Arbeit bei ihnen sehr nuetzlich und die Behandlung war auch sehr gut ", " intense rapide travail r\u00e9p\u00e9titif apr\u00e8s tout d\u00e9pend du poste apr\u00e8s l ambiance rest bon enfant ", " prendre un transpalette manuel et march\u00e9 pendant des heures sans avoir le droit de discut\u00e9 avec les collegues ou autre . ", " Aprendi a trabajr en equipo, manejar proyecto y equipo a cargo.  La atencion al cliente me ayude a desarollar mi capacidad en turismo tambien, donde la satisfaction del cliente es e objectivo principal y la comunicacion para resolver problema es importante ", " F\u00fcr die Arbeit die man dort machen muss stimmt das Verdienstverh\u00e4ltnis ", " Son unos negreros, no puedes tener vida propia y si te vas porque no aguantas mas luego tienes problemas con la empresa que te contrata Adecco, que tiene la cara de decirte que no te va a contratar m\u00e1s por haberte despedido. No cumplen con los descansos establecidos y te obligan hacer horas. En definitiva habr\u00eda que mandar a la Inspecci\u00f3n de Trabajo.Ni siquiera tienen sindicatos. Parece mentira que encima salgan perjudicados los trabajadores con la empresa Adecco.Y lo peor que encima les sigan el juego. ", " il n'y a pas de pause c'est de l'esclavage mais sauf que l'on est pay\u00e9 \u00e0 faire cela demandez \u00e0  qui vous voulez les pauses ne sont pas de r\u00e9elles pauses. ", " Una buena experiencia con una empresa de las lideres en su sector donde prima sobre todo la calidad y puntualidad con los envios ", " A\u017e na doj\u00ed\u017ed\u011bn\u00ed spokojenost.Vynikaj\u00edc\u00ed pracovn\u00ed podm\u00ednky ", " foarte mult de lucru, programul foarte strict . Pe de o parte colegii erau foarte amabili si prietenosi. ", " De las mejores empresas que he trabajado,  si no la mejor, el tiempo dir\u00e1. ..,lo mejor el ambiente de trabajo y los managers, el trato que te dan es de lo mejor!!, que aprendan muchas empresas de Amazon!! "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " La sensation d'\u00eatre exploit\u00e9 est omnipr\u00e9sente... Pas le temps de s'arr\u00eater, les scans indiquent notre productivit\u00e9, si l'on atteint pas on est vir\u00e9 ", " il n'y a pas de pause c'est de l'esclavage mais sauf que l'on est pay\u00e9 \u00e0 faire cela demandez \u00e0  qui vous voulez les pauses ne sont pas de r\u00e9elles pauses. ", " intense rapide travail r\u00e9p\u00e9titif apr\u00e8s tout d\u00e9pend du poste apr\u00e8s l ambiance rest bon enfant ", " Amazon m'a permis de connaitre un monde de travail que je ne connaissais pas du tout, celui de l'usine, ou encore du travail en 2x7. L'\u00e9quipe \u00e9tait agr\u00e9able, il y a beaucoup d'entraide. J'ai pu d\u00e9velopper la rapidit\u00e9 et l'efficacit\u00e9, tout en respectant le code SMART ainsi que la qualit\u00e9 des colis et les consignes. Beaucoup de communication avec le manager, ou les chefs d'\u00e9quipe. ", " F\u00fcr die Arbeit die man dort machen muss stimmt das Verdienstverh\u00e4ltnis ", " foarte mult de lucru, programul foarte strict . Pe de o parte colegii erau foarte amabili si prietenosi. ", " Chef d'\u00e9quipe tr\u00e8s strict, a la limite du d\u00e9sagr\u00e9able - peu de temps de pose ( 10 ou 15 minutes ) dans une salle qui se trouve a au moins 5 minutes du poste de travail ", " Non ho molto da dire se non ho detto prima che l'ambiente \u00e9 bello e che le persone con cui mi \u00e9 capitato di lavorare (colleghi e superiori) sono stati gentili e molto disponili quando ho avuto bisogno di un'aiuto o di una spiegazione. ", " A\u017e na doj\u00ed\u017ed\u011bn\u00ed spokojenost.Vynikaj\u00edc\u00ed pracovn\u00ed podm\u00ednky ", " Sehr nett Leute mit Interessante aufgaben. Manchmal probleme mit Management zu erkl\u00e4ren wegen sprache. Doch sehr wunderbar erfaherung mit solche Team und leute . ", " Bei AMAZON, Ich war zufrieden am 2014,aber an 2015 sind sehr streng geworden und leider Ich habe eine Managerin bei verpacken das hat keine gute Ausbildung und kann nicht so gut mit dem Menschen umgehen. Au\u00dferdem die Gruppe Leiter haben uns druck gemacht wegen menge von Packeten  pro Stunde ,wenn wir nie eine Vertrag unterschrieben haben das ist gestanden das mussten Acord Arbeit sein....die wolten das wir Tempo machen. Aber war eigentlich freundlich die verhaltung von die M\u00e4nner . Es ist nicht so gut organisiert wo Ich war. Aber von andere Kollegin Ich habe geh\u00f6rt das die andere waren super Nett. Die Kollegen waren super,Multikulti Gelernt: Ich habe sehr sch\u00f6ne Geschenke zu verpacken AHH!! sehr schlecht ist das man verliert 10 minuten von Pause wenn mann unten arbeitet,weil die Kantine ist nicht n\u00e4h. dann 5 Minuten hoch schnell und zur\u00fcck noch 5 ,,,dann die Pause ist sehr kurz. Was mir gef\u00e4llen ist das mann kann viele Leute von andere L\u00e4nder kennenlernen . ", " Une entreprise qui performe, au d\u00e9triment d'une culture d'entreprise agr\u00e9able ", " i learned management things walking was the difficult part communicating with colleagues was the best part ", " pour ma part, bonne entreprise, le plus dur c'est de rester debout devant son poste, sinon ce qui prime c'est la s\u00e9curit\u00e9 des salari\u00e9s la, le plus agr\u00e9able c'est qu'on a l'impression d\u2019\u00eatre tous a m\u00eame hauteur, si besoin de conseil toujours quelqu'un pour nous aider \u00e0 rendre meilleur notre travail ", " Horaires de travail sont plut\u00f4t correct ; le rythme de travail est plut\u00f4t tr\u00e8s soutenue et il y a des cot\u00e2t \u00e0 respecter. Le bon aspect du travail est la bonne entente avec  les managers et les coll\u00e8gues. ", " en general es una buena empresa, con varios beneficios para los empleados. ", " Stower :  Travail en soit physique et redondant. Il n\u00e9cessite de la rigueur et du s\u00e9rieux par rapport \u00e0 la productivit\u00e9 et la qualit\u00e9 du travail. ", " hay un buen ambiente de trabajo, se trabaja c\u00f3moda en tu puesto de trabajo ya que esta todo bien colocado a la par que organizado. Si hay caf\u00e9s, chocolate, colacao y son gratis esta muy bien para la econom\u00eda de los trabajadores.  lo que mas me gusto era lo que hacia empaquetar. lo mas dif\u00edcil fue aprenderte todos los nombres en ingles pero es hasta que te acostumbras. ", " Relativement libre, on a une production \u00e0 faire et on nous forme \u00e0 une m\u00e9thodologie, mais on reste ind\u00e9pendant, les managers ne sont pas sur notre dos. L'int\u00e9gration au sein de l'\u00e9quipe se fait assez facilement dans la mesure o\u00f9 les nouveaux arrivants sont nombreux. ", " 35h/semaine travailler du lundi au vendredi en \u00e9quipe 3-8. Le management laxiste Collaborateurs absent Travail tr\u00e8s simple et peu physique "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " nous sommes soumis \u00e0 un fort rendement mais dans l'ensemble ca va ", " dia de trabalho, din\u00e2mico. aprendi a exercitar a toler\u00e2ncia por decis\u00f5es. em fase de desenvolvimento e aperfei\u00e7oamento. a grande maioria comprometida. diferenciar se em momentos de crise. Implementar estrat\u00e9gias inovadoras. ", " amazon recrute tout le monde, beaucoup de poste sont a propos\u00e9es comme le packing , stow ect ... ", " Travaille agreable et bonne heure de travaille Travaille a la chaine Bien Suivie et Eprouve de nouvelle experiance ", " Team Arbeit, immer ein offenes Ohr, gute Bezahlung, Sicherheit steht an 1. Stelle, ", " Esta es mi primera experiencia de trabajo, y es muy positiva.  He encontrado un ambiente muy profesional pero al mismo tiempo muy divertido.  El salario es adeguado.  El trabajo en si es muy interesante, y tuve la posibilidad de descubrir la parte de la logistica de Amazon. ", " Le travail en lui m\u00eame est difficile mais l'ambiance et le management sont pr\u00e9sents.  Collaborateurs quelque soit le niveau sont toujours \u00e0 l'\u00e9coute.  Opportunit\u00e9s de dvpt restreintes si on est en int\u00e9rim ", " Jornada muy completa, muy activa, aprendes que la organizaci\u00f3n y la rapidez se pueden combinar muy bien y seguir siendo efectivo 100% ", " Meus dias de trabalho s\u00e3o corridos, devido ao atendimento ao p\u00fablico ser de prontid\u00e3o, sempre visando a excel\u00eancia de nossos clientes. Aprendi os processos na \u00e1rea automotiva, desde o administrativo, sendo promovida a vendas de servi\u00e7os e revis\u00f5es programadas. Em rela\u00e7\u00e3o a minha ger\u00eancia, sempre tive oportunidades de aprender, pois eles investem muito no percurso formativo. Meus colegas de trabalho, sempre tivemos uma equipe que se empenha para atingirmos nossos objetivos. A parte mais dif\u00edcil : para mim hoje, \u00e9 a dist\u00e2ncia da minha resid\u00eancia, os imprevistos s\u00e3o normais no dia a dia, mas sempre tive um superior que me ajudou a cumprir os prazos para alcan\u00e7armos a satisfa\u00e7\u00e3o de nossos clientes. A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel, a equipe muito unida, no qual estavamos focados em nossos objetivos ... ", " travail intense mais plaisant beaucoup de r\u00e9sponsabilit\u00e9s \u00e0 g\u00e9rer autonomie est un plus  difficult\u00e9 d'\u00e9voluer ", " Das war amazing Arbeitserfahrung bei einen multinationalen Unternahmen. ", " pas de motivation car favoritisme des managers. manque de mobilit\u00e9 d\u00e9marrage du site int\u00e9ressante. politique globale inint\u00e9ressante mais pas au niveau de site ", " Amazon est un lieu agr\u00e9able pour travailler, les managers font ce qu'il faut pour que le salari\u00e9 se sente bien dans l'entreprise. Il y a juste mon poste de travail que je n'ai pas aim\u00e9 car on nous donnait des articles a mettre dans des bins (casier) avec des r\u00e8gles impossibles \u00e0 respecter h\u00e9las vu le manque de place qu'il y avait dans les bins pour placer les articles. Et Malheureusement , Amazon est un lieu ou il y a une d\u00e9sorganisation incroyable, aucun article n'est tri\u00e9, nous pouvons trouver totu et nimporte quoi dans une bin comme par exemple, un aspirateur avec un ballon de foot, un livre et un pneu de v\u00e9lo. ", " buen ambiente de trabajo. muy buen trato al personal. aplicacion de las medidas de prevencion de riesgo laborales ", " Une entreprise \u00e0 l'am\u00e9ricaine. On a un bobo ? Il y a l'infirmerie. Mais attention il ne faut pas rester trop longtemps \u00e0 l'infirmerie car la productivit\u00e9 diminue !  \u00e0 l'\u00e9poque je comptai les marchandises qui \u00e9taient stock\u00e9es dans le hangar de Ormes. Nous \u00e9tions des dizaines de saisonniers. Il y a des sonneries pour les pauses, des portiques pour que rien ne soit vol\u00e9.   Nous n'avions m\u00eame pas de pr\u00e9nom, j'ai pu pendant 1 mois mettre des sacs \u00e0 l'\u00e9tage sup\u00e9rieur parce que je suis plus grande que tout le monde, mais si on veut \u00eatre pay\u00e9 il n'y a pas le choix, on ob\u00e9it.  L'aspect le plus difficile, c'est l'aspect psychologique, finalement l'aspect le plus facile, c''est qu'on a m\u00eame pas \u00e0 r\u00e9fl\u00e9chir \u00e0 ce qu'on doit faire. ", " orari altalenanti,frenetica . arrivo in azienda timbratura beng arrivo postazione 5 ore di preparazione ordini pausa ripresa postazione fine lavoro tecniche di confezionamento,controllo qualit\u00e0,sveltezza,controllo fatture,controllo pc colleghi sempre di corsa poco spazio per interagire. parte difficile controllo di tutto e sveltezza, confezionare ", " -Sehr nette Kollegen und Kolleginnen -Nette Arbeitsatmosph\u00e4re -Einfache schnell zu erlernende Arbeit -\u00dcbertariflicher Lohn ", " Leistungsorientierter Betrieb ohne realistische Zukunft ", " Agent  R\u00e9soudre les problm\u00e8mes des clients comme les commandes en retard, des probl\u00e8mes techniques, litiges avec des vendeurs tiers. Contact t\u00e9l\u00e9phone, chat et email  Team Lead  Escalation, R\u00e9pondre aux questions des agents, valider les concessions, v\u00e9rifier que que les contacts sont pris \u00e0 temps.Motivation des agents.Coacher les agents pour atteindre leurs objectifs qualitatifs et quantitatifs.  Sp\u00e9cialist  Communiquer les data et patage de donn\u00e9es sur un r\u00e9seau de 5 sites. Formation des sp\u00e9cialistes qualit\u00e9s dans les site. Fonction de support et validation de process ou uniformisation au niveau europ\u00e9en. Rapport hebdomadaire avec les sources de probl\u00e8mes dans la qualit\u00e9 et proposer des solutions. Emettre des Audit et contr\u00f4le envoy\u00e9 aux responsables op\u00e9rationnels de chaque site. ", " Ik zou zelf weer bij Amazon willen werken. Het is kei gezellig en het hulp van mijn manager en team leiders was echt top. Meestal wouw ik 24 uur per dag werken omdat ik het leuk vond  om met klanten te werken via email.   Amazon is steeds aan het uitbreiden en ik wouw dat ik graag zien hoe meer succesvol het ga worden.   Ik wil zeer noemde dat het altijd een plezier was om wakker te worden in de ochtend en te weten dat je gaan naar een plaats waar je je kunnen genieten en ook hard kunnen werken en het belangrijkste ook dat je wel iemand (klant) gelukkig kon maken door ze te helpen met een probleem.   Amazon.com was echt de beste bedrijf waar weer zou wouw werken. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " recarsi alla propria postazione ed iniziare il lavoro ho imparato ad imballare prodotti e svolgere altre mansioni  ottima gestione aziendale  ottimo rapporto con i colleghi  non era difficile  la parte piacevole era finire il lavoro sapendo di aver dato il meglio ", " Esta es mi primera experiencia de trabajo, y es muy positiva.  He encontrado un ambiente muy profesional pero al mismo tiempo muy divertido.  El salario es adeguado.  El trabajo en si es muy interesante, y tuve la posibilidad de descubrir la parte de la logistica de Amazon. ", " Le poste que j'ai exerc\u00e9 a Amazon consistais a preparer les commandes des client. C'\u00e9tais tr\u00e8s physique mais plutot  agr\u00e9able. ", " Wenn man sich einfach an die regeln h\u00e4lt und seine Arbeit normal verrichtet ist Amazon ein super Arbeitgeber. Seit ich nun bei Amazon angestellt bin haben die Versandmitarbeiter jedes jahr eine Lohnerh\u00f6hung bekommen. ", " Mein Name ist Ana, und ich f\u00fchle mich geehrt, die Gelegenheit zu haben, in kontakt mit Ihnen zu bekommen. Ich habe geh\u00f6rt, viele gute Dinge \u00fcber Amazon und viele interessante Empfehlungen von Freunden, die derzeit f\u00fcr Amazon arbeiten. Eine riesige Produktion in ganz Europa erweitert. ", " verry good conditions area for the workers good managers friendly ", " Poste qui demande certaines aptitudes physiques, la premi\u00e8re priorit\u00e9 au travail est la s\u00e9curit\u00e9 des salari\u00e9s, pour les int\u00e9rimaires le salaire reste proche de SMIC. ", " si inizia con la riunione mattutina, in seguito tramite lo scanner in dotazione si selezionano i prodotti che vengono acquistati ogni giorno dal sito amazon.de ", " Bei AMAZON, Ich war zufrieden am 2014,aber an 2015 sind sehr streng geworden und leider Ich habe eine Managerin bei verpacken das hat keine gute Ausbildung und kann nicht so gut mit dem Menschen umgehen. Au\u00dferdem die Gruppe Leiter haben uns druck gemacht wegen menge von Packeten  pro Stunde ,wenn wir nie eine Vertrag unterschrieben haben das ist gestanden das mussten Acord Arbeit sein....die wolten das wir Tempo machen. Aber war eigentlich freundlich die verhaltung von die M\u00e4nner . Es ist nicht so gut organisiert wo Ich war. Aber von andere Kollegin Ich habe geh\u00f6rt das die andere waren super Nett. Die Kollegen waren super,Multikulti Gelernt: Ich habe sehr sch\u00f6ne Geschenke zu verpacken AHH!! sehr schlecht ist das man verliert 10 minuten von Pause wenn mann unten arbeitet,weil die Kantine ist nicht n\u00e4h. dann 5 Minuten hoch schnell und zur\u00fcck noch 5 ,,,dann die Pause ist sehr kurz. Was mir gef\u00e4llen ist das mann kann viele Leute von andere L\u00e4nder kennenlernen . ", " uma empresa com poucas dinamica mais em uma area boa de trabalhor ", " - dernier poste retour clients, s'occuper des retours et remboursement des clients. - devenir leade, g\u00e9rer une \u00e9quipe - \u00e9valuer l'honn\u00eatet\u00e9 des clients - retrouver mes collaborateurs ", " ho avuto la possibilit\u00e0 di conoscere molte persone di razze ed etnie diverse con cui ho istaurato rapporti di amicizia e sopratutto di conoscenza di usi e costumi.Ambiente di lavoro ottimo per crescere ", " Ambiente molto dinamico a volte troppo frenetico dove la velocit\u00e0 \u00e8 la cosa pi\u00f9 importante. ", " On donne beaucoup de sa personne chez Amazon mais celle-ci donne tr\u00e8s peu ou pas du tout en retour !!! Beaucoup de maladie professionnelle du \u00e0 la cadance demand\u00e9e et aux gestes trop r\u00e9p\u00e9titifs !!! ", " Bien estructurada, buena organizaci\u00f3n, seguridad laboral y fomenta la solidaridad entre los compa\u00f1eros. ", " tr\u00e8s bon management, tr\u00e8s comp\u00e9titeur. bonne ambiance. bon raisonnement, s\u00e9curit\u00e9 de la personne ", " echauffement debut du travail pause de 30 min  reprise du travail jusqu'a la fin de poste ", " orari altalenanti,frenetica . arrivo in azienda timbratura beng arrivo postazione 5 ore di preparazione ordini pausa ripresa postazione fine lavoro tecniche di confezionamento,controllo qualit\u00e0,sveltezza,controllo fatture,controllo pc colleghi sempre di corsa poco spazio per interagire. parte difficile controllo di tutto e sveltezza, confezionare ", " Efetuar viajem entre fortaleza belem s\u00e3o luiz rio grande do sul aprendi a trabalhar com entregas a gerencia boa amigos bom relacionamento dif\u00edcil aguardar muitos dias para descargas liberdade no trabalho ", " The company made one of the most busiest day of the year a fun day for everyone. We had to dress in white and we had cake, candy, beverages and the whole office was decorated. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Schell Laufen mit wagen und Picken die artikel mit scanner und vertig machen fur versand ", " great place to work in. fast pace environment. lot of smart employees. ", " Bon boulot mais difficile Beaucoup de fatigue 13-14 km par jour de marche ", " ho lavorato in amazon per 14 mesi in totale, per l'amor di dio in tempo di crisi qualsiasi  lavoro va bene.  la dentro invece sei un numero, le attivit\u00e0 lavorative vanno distribuite in base alla simpatia dei manager. ", " Die Arbeitszeiten waren eher unflexibel. Zwei Schichten standen zur Auswahl. 6-14:30 Uhr 15:30-23:00 Uhr. Es war schwer, nach der Arbeit um 23 Uhr nachhause zu kommen, wenn die Verkehrsmittel nicht mehr fahren.  Die Kollegen waren super freundlich und hilfsbereit. ", " \u6e96\u5099\u304a\u3088\u3073\u65e5\u3005\u306e\u7a4d\u307f\u91cd\u306d\u306e\u91cd\u8981\u6027\u3002 \u30b9\u30d4\u30fc\u30c9\u3002 \u8d77\u3053\u3063\u3066\u3044\u308b\u4e8b\u67c4\u3092\u6570\u5b57\u3067\u8aac\u660e\u3067\u304d\u308b\u3053\u3068\u3002 \u69d8\u3005\u306a\u30ad\u30e3\u30ea\u30a2\u3092\u6301\u3064\u4eba\u3068\u50cd\u3051\u308b\u3002 ", " Les chefs mettent \u00e9norm\u00e9ment de pression et demande souvent l'impossible ", " Super Arbeitsklima durch nette Kollegen und Vorgesetzte. Leider bisher immer nur befristete Arbeitsvertr\u00e4ge. Immer M\u00f6glichkeiten, mal in die anderen Abteilungen zu schnuppern. Stundenlohn von derzeit 10,36 Euro (als ungelernte Kraft!) Nur eine Pause von 45 Min, aber die Arbeitszeit vergeht da sehr schnell. ", " A empresa \u00e9 boa, mas as pessoas que administravam n\u00e3o s\u00e3o t\u00e3o profissionais. Trocou de endere\u00e7o e ficou uma confus\u00e3o no novo local. Houve falta de planejamento. ", " Aprend\u00ed sobre la toma fotogr\u00e1fica dedicada al producto, que van desde objetos simples como libros hasta lo m\u00e1s complejos como casas de campa\u00f1a u objetos reflejantes. ", " journ\u00e9e de travail physique mai supportable aucun opportunit\u00e9 de d\u00e9veloppement  le management et tres bien g\u00e9rer le plus difficile et de marcher toute la journee physique le plus agr\u00e9able tout le monde et joyeux ", " i was working in picking department . the work was quite easy but as we had to work 9 hrs a day and 6 days a week it was very exhausting. otherwise everything was okay. ", " gute Manager gute mitarbeiter/innen gute Atmosph\u00e4re gut Arbeit ", " Le travail \u00e9tais un travail d'usine mais tout de m\u00eame une tr\u00e8s bonne ambiance et les manager tr\u00e8s pr\u00e9sent pour les employ\u00e9s ", " n\u00e9gatif, d\u00e9ception, aucun apprentissage int\u00e9ressant, relation de travail non enrichissante ", " Buena empresa, pero dificil de mantenerse por bastante tiempo. ", " A trav\u00e9s de este trabajo que he adquirido una valiosa experiencia en trabajar en un almac\u00e9n y el uso del esc\u00e1ner durante el inventario. ", " como todas as outros sempre buscando seu lucro em dependente a qualquer coisa. ", " Uma boa empresa para trabalhar. Tem uma equipe unida, a ger\u00eancia trabalha em conjunto aos colaboradores, sempre procurando tornar o servi\u00e7o mais eficaz e \u00e1gil para todos.  Acredito que a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel nessa empresa s\u00e3o a uni\u00e3o dos funcion\u00e1rios junto a diretoria, realmente trabalham em um n\u00edvel muito alto, uma grande fam\u00edlia. ", " aziente gestita tipo Lager nazista,gerarchie interne,paraculismo e zero meritocrazia,lavoro snervante,a volte molto monotono,poca possibilit\u00e0 di parlare coi colleghi durante il lavoro,unica nota positiva la sicurezza a volte esagerata,anche se quando c'\u00e8 da correre anche li chiudono un occhio "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Estamos sempre em constante aprendizado, seja ao receber mais um cliente ou em algum trabalho no sistema. Conto com a ajuda de minha colega de trabalho que est\u00e1 sempre me ajudando e virse-versa. N\u00e3o tem parte dif\u00edcil quando se h\u00e1 vontade e determina\u00e7\u00e3o no que se faz, que \u00e9 o meu caso nessa empresa. ", " Meus dias de trabalho s\u00e3o corridos, devido ao atendimento ao p\u00fablico ser de prontid\u00e3o, sempre visando a excel\u00eancia de nossos clientes. Aprendi os processos na \u00e1rea automotiva, desde o administrativo, sendo promovida a vendas de servi\u00e7os e revis\u00f5es programadas. Em rela\u00e7\u00e3o a minha ger\u00eancia, sempre tive oportunidades de aprender, pois eles investem muito no percurso formativo. Meus colegas de trabalho, sempre tivemos uma equipe que se empenha para atingirmos nossos objetivos. A parte mais dif\u00edcil : para mim hoje, \u00e9 a dist\u00e2ncia da minha resid\u00eancia, os imprevistos s\u00e3o normais no dia a dia, mas sempre tive um superior que me ajudou a cumprir os prazos para alcan\u00e7armos a satisfa\u00e7\u00e3o de nossos clientes. A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel, a equipe muito unida, no qual estavamos focados em nossos objetivos ... ", " In quanto picker, ho imparato a essere veloce nel mio lavoro e di sviluppare memoria e precisione. Lavoro abbastanza pesante ma si entra perfettamente a contatto con il mondo della logistica, mondo molto affascinante. ", " Ambiente lavorativo in continua evoluzione.Giovanile e in continuo apprendimento ", " Ci sono tante cosa da imparare dal primo giorno, la efficenza e la automazione e presente da per tutto, i colleghi di lavoro sono molto bravi questo genera una piccola competizione al lavoro, che senza renderti conto finisci per lavorare di piu. ", " Es wird hart gearbeitet und zusammen gearbeitet , Im Receive gearbeitet f\u00fcr Trinken ist gesorgt ", " AGRADAVEL SEMPRE,MAS EXIGIA MAIS DO QUE AQUILO QUE NOS ALI PODERIAMOS FAZER FALTAVA UM POUCO MAIS DA GERENCIA EM OLHAR MAIS PARA AS COISAS DO QUE EXIGIR ,VALORIZAR FALTOU ", " Amazon est un lieu agr\u00e9able pour travailler, les managers font ce qu'il faut pour que le salari\u00e9 se sente bien dans l'entreprise. Il y a juste mon poste de travail que je n'ai pas aim\u00e9 car on nous donnait des articles a mettre dans des bins (casier) avec des r\u00e8gles impossibles \u00e0 respecter h\u00e9las vu le manque de place qu'il y avait dans les bins pour placer les articles. Et Malheureusement , Amazon est un lieu ou il y a une d\u00e9sorganisation incroyable, aucun article n'est tri\u00e9, nous pouvons trouver totu et nimporte quoi dans une bin comme par exemple, un aspirateur avec un ballon de foot, un livre et un pneu de v\u00e9lo. ", " Amazon es una empresa peculiar. Basada en principios muy concretos ha creado una solida cultura laboral basada en la excelencia y la seguridad de sus empleados. Cuando Amazon se compromete lo hace realmente. Todos los asociados trabajan bajo la misma premisa \"El cliente\".  El cliente es lo mas importante y se hace todo para poder cumplir con la promesa que se le hizo.   El lema de la empresa describe perfectamente un d\u00eda tipico \"Work hard, have fun and make history\" ", " sehr gut , abwechslungsreich , gutes geld , tollen arbeitsklima ", " Sembra un lager, poco tempo per la mia vita privata, pessimo cibo. nemmeno non hai tempo per andare a servizi ", " A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel de trabalhar na amazonprint \u00e9 sem duvida o modo amazonprint de ser valorizando o seu colaborador para refletir no melhor atendimento ao cliente, sempre investindo no colaborador com cursos de qualifica\u00e7ao de produtos e atendimento ao cliente,tudo isso resulta em uma equipe motivada nos pontos de vendas. ", " Bonne ambiance de travail avec des coll\u00e8gues comp\u00e9tents.  Mauvais \u00e9quilibre vie professionnelle et personnelle mais le travail est passionnant car les responsabilit\u00e9s donn\u00e9es sont larges et \u00e9tendues. ", " Horaire d\u2019\u00e9quipe matin ou soir intervention des managers avant chaque prise de poste  *mise au point niveau s\u00e9curit\u00e9 et autres une tr\u00e8s bonne gestion de la soci\u00e9t\u00e9 ", " habe den Umgang mit Scanern gelernt Kollegen sind alle sehr freundlich schwierig empfand ich nicht wirklich etwas K\u00f6rperliche Arbeit ", " Ho avuto davvero una bella esperienza in questa azienda cosi grande ! Sono molto soddisfatto di averla fatta. ", " Une entreprise \u00e0 l'am\u00e9ricaine. On a un bobo ? Il y a l'infirmerie. Mais attention il ne faut pas rester trop longtemps \u00e0 l'infirmerie car la productivit\u00e9 diminue !  \u00e0 l'\u00e9poque je comptai les marchandises qui \u00e9taient stock\u00e9es dans le hangar de Ormes. Nous \u00e9tions des dizaines de saisonniers. Il y a des sonneries pour les pauses, des portiques pour que rien ne soit vol\u00e9.   Nous n'avions m\u00eame pas de pr\u00e9nom, j'ai pu pendant 1 mois mettre des sacs \u00e0 l'\u00e9tage sup\u00e9rieur parce que je suis plus grande que tout le monde, mais si on veut \u00eatre pay\u00e9 il n'y a pas le choix, on ob\u00e9it.  L'aspect le plus difficile, c'est l'aspect psychologique, finalement l'aspect le plus facile, c''est qu'on a m\u00eame pas \u00e0 r\u00e9fl\u00e9chir \u00e0 ce qu'on doit faire. ", " Atendimento ao cliente; Confec\u00e7\u00e3o de documentos; Metas; Saber lidar com diversos climas e tens\u00f5es. Aquirir novos conhecimentos e desafios. ", " Local agrad\u00e1vel de trabalhar, ambiente adequado, os l\u00edderes sempre procuravam assistir no que fosse preciso. Uma empresa onde eu certamente ficaria feliz em permanecer, n\u00e3o fosse pela mudan\u00e7a de cidade. ", " un diez, si teniamos cafe gratis ,fruta todos los dias y muy buen ambiente,la pena que mi departamento se lo llevaron a londres.fueron dos a\u00f1os y medio en pozuelo muy buenos. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Reuni\u00e3o com equipes repassando e conscientizando sobre objetivos das metas estabelecidas e feed backs de setores sobre andamento dos processos di\u00e1rios. Abertura e fachamento de caixa di\u00e1rio. Relat\u00f3rio e movimenta\u00e7\u00e3o banc\u00e1ria entradas e sa\u00eddas. Acompanhamento das equipes. Participa\u00e7\u00e3o das atividades setoriais. Aprendi a gerenciar melhor o tempo. Estreitamento das rela\u00e7\u00f5es interpessoais na empresa, o que tornou as equipes mais unidas. Aus\u00eancia da ger\u00eancia sobre as m\u00e9tricas e desenvolvimento de pessoal, discord\u00e2ncia na premia\u00e7\u00e3o e incentivos aos colaboradores. ", " Tal como ya se conoce, la empresa Amazon es la tienda  online mas grande del mundo. Es un placer trabajar para ellos.   Trabajando como agente de atencion al cliente, cada dia es un dia diferente, aunque las problemas que los clientes las tienen son las mismas, los clientes son diferentes.  Un dia de trabajo en Amazon es de atender cada dia los clientes a trav\u00e9s el e-mail, telef\u00f3no o por chat.Cada uno de ellos tiene un problema con un pedido, un producto o el tiempo de entrega.Estos son casos que cada dia estamos resolviedo.Menciono que aqui cuenta muchisimo la opinion del cliente.El motto de los agentes en Amazon es \" El cliente siempre en la mente!\"   Lo mas que me ha gustado en sta empresa es que has tenido la libertad de ayudar a los clientes, aunque siguiendo las politicas.Lo mas importe es dejar al agente que esta siempre con el cliente y lo conoce mucho mejor, de decidir si hacer una excepcion o no en algunos casos.  Normalmente no tengo algo que no me guste.Unicamente que siempre estoy en busqueda de implementar mir carrera y crecer. ", " Pszychodzi\u0142am co dzienie i mog\u0142am zmienic stanowisko pracy pik pak .Tak wszytkie szkolenia oraz stanowiska pracy sa interesujace Poniekturych bym zwolni\u0142a zle sie odzywaja a z wieksza\u015bcia pracuje sie swietnie. Bardzo dobra kadra rozmowy i doswiadczenia na pszerwach sprawialy ze bylismy jedna grupa. Mozliwos bycia w dwuch miejcach po dwie godziny przez ca\u0142a nocke ale ciekawe doswiadczenie. lancz i pszerwy oraz wsp\u0142\u00f3praca z panem Rafa\u0142em cz\u0142owiek spokojny dowcipny i tak jak wiekszosc w raz z derektorem mi\u0142a ", " echauffement debut du travail pause de 30 min  reprise du travail jusqu'a la fin de poste ", " Si parte con una riunione di gruppo per ogni settore del magazzino ad inizio turno dove si fa un p\u00f2 di ginnastica, si identificano gli obbiettivi, vengono risposte le domande possibili sulla qualit\u00e0 la sicurezza e le metodologie di lavoro.Poi ognuno alla sua postazione e si lavora per 3 ore e mezza di fila(se vuoi puoi andare in bagno), poi mezzora di pausa e via sino alla fine con altre quattro ore. E' un posto di lavoro dove si guarda molto alla sicurezza, i colleghi sono disponibili, come anche il responsabile. ", " HORAIRES: Du matin, d\u00e9but 5h50 fin 13h15 De l'apr\u00e8s midi, d\u00e9but 13h15 fin 20h30 2 pauses de 15 min par jour La nuit, d\u00e9but 21h fin 4h40 2 pauses de 20 min par nuit  Les opportunit\u00e9 d\u00e9volutions peuvent se faire rapidement si l'on r\u00e9pond bien au attentes et surtout au quotas qui nous sont demand\u00e9. Ces quotas sont justement une pression permanente que nous mettent les \"lead\" et manager au risques de finir en fin de missions si ceux ci ne sont pas respect\u00e9s. L'ambiance au seins de l'\u00e9quipe \"high selving\" \u00e9tait plus bonne entre simple ex\u00e9cutant malgr\u00e9 la pr\u00e9sence de d\u00e9lateurs... Pour ma part le plus difficile dans ce poste ne r\u00e9side pas forcement dans l'atteinte des quotas demand\u00e9, ni dans le fait de devoir beaucoup marcher dans la journ\u00e9e mais dans la r\u00e9p\u00e9tition des t\u00e2ches demand\u00e9es ce qui provoque assez rapidement une lassitude dans le travail. En point positif je dirais l'aspect s\u00e9curitaire qui est parfois un peu trop excessif de la part de certaines personnes. ", " A trav\u00e9s de este trabajo que he adquirido una valiosa experiencia en trabajar en un almac\u00e9n y el uso del esc\u00e1ner durante el inventario. ", " praca w niekt\u00f3re dni bardzo odpowiedzialna, niestety szybka, w wielu miejscach, wiele ludzi wok\u00f3\u0142, bywaj\u0105 stresy, ale poprzez kontakt z dobrym managerem mo\u017cliwo\u015b\u0107 rozwi\u0105zywania problem\u00f3w jak najszybciej oraz rozplanowanie obowi\u0105zk\u00f3w na wiele os\u00f3b by wszystko sprawnie funkcjonowa\u0142o. ", " great place to work in. fast pace environment. lot of smart employees. ", " Cuando empece a trabajar en Amazon descubr\u00ed lo que es realmente el compa\u00f1erismo. Todos nos ayud\u00e1bamos y ense\u00f1\u00e1bamos unos a otros.  El respeto estaba siempre presente. Se cumpl\u00edan todas las normas de seguridad y gracias a ello pod\u00eda estar tranquila. Cada ma\u00f1ana me levantaba motivada. Nada mas llegar nos reun\u00edamos por secci\u00f3n. Nuestro \"Manager\" nos felicitaba por cumplir los objetivos del d\u00eda anterior y nos animaba a seguir esforz\u00e1ndonos. Sin duda ha sido una experiencia incre\u00edble. ", " premesso che, da ex lavoratore autonoma \u00e8 stata la mia prima esperienza da lavoratore dipendente, sono rimasta favorevolmente colpita dall'organizzazione, precisione e disponibilit\u00e0 (dal punto di vista umano) dell'ambiente lavorativo, sia x i superiori che i colleghi medesimi. la parte pi\u00f9 difficile \u00e8 stato apprendere la standardizzazione del lavoro richiesta, ma dopo pochi giorni non \u00e8 stato un problema; la parte piacevole \u00e8 stata rapportarsi con i colleghi aventi ognuno un bagaglio di esperienze diverse. ", " n\u00e9gatif, d\u00e9ception, aucun apprentissage int\u00e9ressant, relation de travail non enrichissante ", " Bon boulot mais difficile Beaucoup de fatigue 13-14 km par jour de marche ", " Les chefs mettent \u00e9norm\u00e9ment de pression et demande souvent l'impossible ", " NORMALMENTE OS DIAS S\u00c3O TRANQUILOS, ATUALMENTE ESTOU EXERCENDO A FUN\u00c7\u00c3O DA ANTIGA ENCARREGADA QUE FOI DELIGADA, FOI UM GRANDE DESAFIO PARA MIM TOMAR POSSE DESSE CARGO DE MUITA RESPONSABILIDADE, MAS ACEITEI, ESTA FOI A PARTE MAIS DIF\u00cdCIL POIS N\u00c3O HAVIA EXPERI\u00caNCIA COMO ENCARREGADA E A PARTE ONDE TAMB\u00c9M APRENDI MUITO. MEU SUPERIOR PROCURA SEMPRE NOS AJUDAR QUANDO NECESS\u00c1RIO, OS FUNCION\u00c1RIOS SEMPRE EST\u00c3O TRABALHANDO EM EQUIPE. ", " Cette usine a une tr\u00e8s bonne organisation le matin en arrivant sur notre cellule nous avons une feuille avec tout les noms dessus pour savoir se qu l'on fait durant notre journ\u00e9e de travail. On peut \u00eatre former sur de nouveau poste une fois qu'on a bien acquis le poste sur le quel on nous forme en premier. Tout le monde s'entraide quand t'il le faut. Se qui est le plus difficile c'est soit d'\u00eatre debout toute la journ\u00e9e sans bouger soit marcher tout la journ\u00e9e. Le coter agr\u00e9able ses les conditions dans les quels on travaille. ", " \u6e96\u5099\u304a\u3088\u3073\u65e5\u3005\u306e\u7a4d\u307f\u91cd\u306d\u306e\u91cd\u8981\u6027\u3002 \u30b9\u30d4\u30fc\u30c9\u3002 \u8d77\u3053\u3063\u3066\u3044\u308b\u4e8b\u67c4\u3092\u6570\u5b57\u3067\u8aac\u660e\u3067\u304d\u308b\u3053\u3068\u3002 \u69d8\u3005\u306a\u30ad\u30e3\u30ea\u30a2\u3092\u6301\u3064\u4eba\u3068\u50cd\u3051\u308b\u3002 ", " -frequentemente estava viajando,  -a empresa foi \u00f3tima nela aperfei\u00e7oei meu conhecimento em georreferenciamento, -o gente era comunicativo e sempre nos motivando a confian\u00e7a, -os colegas de trabalho eram minha segunda fam\u00edlia, -a parte mais dif\u00edcil era que faltava uma log\u00edstica de viajem;  -como trabalhava com georreferenciamento rurais, fazia muitas amizades e saber que no final eles te cumprimentavam com honestidade ", " Atendimento aos clientes; Planejamento de coletas e entregas de materiais e equipamentos a n\u00edvel Brasil; Transporte log\u00edstico incluindo cota\u00e7\u00f5es de frete; consulta as seguradoras e processos de seguros de cargas; Opera\u00e7\u00f5es administrativas e gerenciais; processos de embalagem, armazenagem, distribui\u00e7\u00e3o de mercadorias; Intera\u00e7\u00e3o com a \u00e1rea comercial e p\u00f3s-venda, visando \u00e0 melhoria continua controle do estoque; atendimento aos clientes com maior qualidade, menor custo e no prazo solicitado. ", " aprendi muito,n\u00e3o s\u00f3 com a empresa que me contratou como tamb\u00e9m com todos que estavam a minha volta, o meu dia t\u00edpico de trabalho era normal sem qualquer constrangimento. sobre dire\u00e7\u00e3o bom,nada a relatar. sempre me dei bem com todos os colegas de trabalho,tantos os da mesma area como os outros dos outros setores. olha a parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho sinceramente n\u00e3o tenho \u00e9 serio pois o local que trabalhei era muito bonito. a mais agradavel era o entardecer pois chegavam outros colegas que trabalhavam no periodo noturno eu aprendia muito \u00e9 isso "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Arriv\u00e9e le matin, attribution des postes de travail.Mise en place et ouvertures des cartons sur la chaine.   La formation est bien faite. Nous sommes suivis et aider en cas de soucis.  Le plus difficile est le mal de dos a gerer du aux charges lourdes (type : livres) mais sinon le travail \u00e0 faire est faisable. ", " Aprendi a conviver com uma boa din\u00e2mica de trabalho. Um bom gerente e uma boa intera\u00e7\u00e3o com colegas. ", " Tr\u00e8s difficile d'avoir \u00e0 faire avec un manageur ou un leader. ", " Pr\u00e9sent pour les adh\u00e9rents, programme particulier et suivi constant. Mise en place de concours pr\u00e9sent et r\u00e9gulier pour les adh\u00e9rents afin qu'il gagne des r\u00e9ductions sur leur abonnement.  Au sein de l'entreprise, bonne ambiance entre les responsables et les commerciaux. \u00c9v\u00e9nement comme Foire de Tours ou stands commercials  tr\u00e8s formateurs. ", " la journ\u00e9e commence par aller regarder l'affichage des postes, grande polyvalence si on a \u00e9t\u00e9 form\u00e9. ce qui permet de ne pas faire tout le temps le m\u00eame travail et donc de ne pas se lasser. ensuite les managers nous disent le volume a faire pour le journ\u00e9e et en profitent pour nous rappeler certaines consignes de s\u00e9curit\u00e9.  les gens sont polis, tout le monde se tutoie et consid\u00e8re les autres. si le moindre souci est rencontr\u00e9, on peut se tourner sans g\u00eane vers qui que ce soit et l'aide n\u00e9cessaire est procur\u00e9e sans d\u00e9lai. l'aspect le plus difficile est le physique, certains postes sont fatiguant mais si on maintient un rythme r\u00e9gulier, cela se fait tr\u00e8s bien. ", " trabalh\u00e1vamos com bastantes alegria  aprendi a superar os meus pr\u00f3prios erros e ter mais responsabilidade conheci pessoas maravilhosas ", " Es gab nie einen typischen Tag bei Amazon, denn es gab jeden Tag etwas neues. Egal ob es eine \u00dcberraschnung war, wir sahen es als Herausforderung noch mehr zu wachsen und mit dem Kunden mit zu lernen. Ich habe viel gelernt, nicht nur im Frontoffice, sondern auch im Backoffice, da ich das Gl\u00fcck hatte, durch Sonderaufgaben mit dem Management zusammen zu arbeiten. Durch meine Position habe ich es sch\u00e4tzen gelernt, wie sehr sich doch das Management bem\u00fcht zu helfen und auf alles Antworten zu kennen, auch wenn sie manchmal etwas mehr Zeit in Anspruch nahmen. Mein Team war das erste Team seiner Art und es war sch\u00f6n, es reifen zu sehen und Teamarbeit war das Gr\u00f6\u00dfte f\u00fcr uns. ", " Um dia din\u00e2mica, com muitas decis\u00f5es operacionais a serem tomadas logo no per\u00edodo da manha.  Aprendi como implantar um posto de atendimento e distribui\u00e7\u00e3o, como gerenciar uma equipe de mais de 110 colaboradores.  A parte mais era aplicar a motiva\u00e7\u00e3o di\u00e1ria para que para que a opera\u00e7\u00e3o fosse realizada corretamente. ", " uma grande empreza com a direcao horrivel , muitos beneficios , amigos de vendas otimos aprendi que devemos mesmo tendo um cargo superior devemos tratar bem os funcionarios coisas que me gerente deixou a desejar , porem uma otima empresa ", " Empresa comprometida, organizada quando  se trata de bem-estar. ", " A AMAZON TEMPER FOI UMA DAS EMPRESAS QUE ME SENTI MUITO FELIZ EM TRABALHAR,POIS ME OFERECERAM A OPRTUNIDADE SEM EXPERIENCIA NA AREA,ME TREINARAM E ME TORNARAM UMA PESSOA CAPAZ DE EXERCER A FUN\u00c7AO DE PROJETISTA DE VIDROS.AMEI TRABALHAR NESSA FUN\u00c7AO E GOSTARIA DE CONSEGUIR ALGUMA COISA NESSA AREA TAMBEM. ", " - Versteckte Time Checker, um zu sehen, ob man vor Gongschlag in   die Pause geht. + Ich habe gelernt, schnell und fast fehlerfrei zu kommissionieren. - Man muss immer 100 % geben. Die Motivation konstant zu halten, ist nicht leicht. ", " Ambiente \u00f3timo para desenvolver o seu trabalho. Aprendizado na \u00c1rea de Log\u00edstica fabril, interna e externa Dirigi a fabrica nos setores de produ\u00e7\u00e3o, log\u00edstica interna e externa, capta\u00e7\u00e3o de novos clientes, Respons\u00e1vel pelo Sistema de Gest\u00e3o da Qualidade. ", " tive oportunidades de crescimento, na empresa atrav\u00e9s de meu esfor\u00e7o e a vis\u00e3o de meus superiores. ", " J'emballais les colis dans les cartons pour les mettre ensuite sur le tapis roulant. L'ambiance \u00e9tait tr\u00e8s bien, j'ai bien aim\u00e9 travailler dans cette entreprise. Le travail en lui m\u00eame \u00e9tait tr\u00e8s bien. On peut \u00e9voluer sur tous les postes quand il y a besoin et si on en fait la demande. Le plus difficile c'est de rester debout derri\u00e8re un poste, \u00e0 pi\u00e9tiner. Ce qui \u00e0 \u00e9t\u00e9 agr\u00e9able dans ce travail c'est de pouvoir parler \u00e0 ses coll\u00e8gues tout en travaillant. ", " NORMALMENTE OS DIAS S\u00c3O TRANQUILOS, ATUALMENTE ESTOU EXERCENDO A FUN\u00c7\u00c3O DA ANTIGA ENCARREGADA QUE FOI DELIGADA, FOI UM GRANDE DESAFIO PARA MIM TOMAR POSSE DESSE CARGO DE MUITA RESPONSABILIDADE, MAS ACEITEI, ESTA FOI A PARTE MAIS DIF\u00cdCIL POIS N\u00c3O HAVIA EXPERI\u00caNCIA COMO ENCARREGADA E A PARTE ONDE TAMB\u00c9M APRENDI MUITO. MEU SUPERIOR PROCURA SEMPRE NOS AJUDAR QUANDO NECESS\u00c1RIO, OS FUNCION\u00c1RIOS SEMPRE EST\u00c3O TRABALHANDO EM EQUIPE. ", " Tal como ya se conoce, la empresa Amazon es la tienda  online mas grande del mundo. Es un placer trabajar para ellos.   Trabajando como agente de atencion al cliente, cada dia es un dia diferente, aunque las problemas que los clientes las tienen son las mismas, los clientes son diferentes.  Un dia de trabajo en Amazon es de atender cada dia los clientes a trav\u00e9s el e-mail, telef\u00f3no o por chat.Cada uno de ellos tiene un problema con un pedido, un producto o el tiempo de entrega.Estos son casos que cada dia estamos resolviedo.Menciono que aqui cuenta muchisimo la opinion del cliente.El motto de los agentes en Amazon es \" El cliente siempre en la mente!\"   Lo mas que me ha gustado en sta empresa es que has tenido la libertad de ayudar a los clientes, aunque siguiendo las politicas.Lo mas importe es dejar al agente que esta siempre con el cliente y lo conoce mucho mejor, de decidir si hacer una excepcion o no en algunos casos.  Normalmente no tengo algo que no me guste.Unicamente que siempre estoy en busqueda de implementar mir carrera y crecer. ", " A empresa tem destaque no ramo de log\u00edstica de transportes, al\u00e9m disso, seu nome \u00e9 bem conceituado na cidade de Manaus, tanto em rela\u00e7\u00e3o a efici\u00eancia dos servi\u00e7os, quanto bom relacionamento com seu quadro de funcion\u00e1rios. ", " \u516c\u53f8\u4f18\u70b9\uff1a \u6bcf\u4e2a\u4eba\u90fd\u5f88nice\uff0c\u6c1b\u56f4\u5f88\u597d\uff0c\u953b\u70bc\u4eba\u3002 \u516c\u53f8\u7f3a\u70b9\uff1a \u65b0\u9879\u76ee\u5f88\u591a\uff0c\u9664\u5f00\u6210\u529f\u7684\u51e0\u4e2a\uff0c\u5176\u4ed6\u7684\u7b49\u4e8e\u5168\u516c\u53f8\u82b1\u7cbe\u529b\u505a\u5b9e\u9a8c\u3002 \u5efa\u8bae\uff1a \u63d0\u9ad8\u4e00\u4e0b\u6218\u7565\u89c4\u5212\uff0c\u548c\u5e02\u573a\u654f\u9510\u5ea6\u3002 ", " aucune \u00e9volution possible . pression psychologique. temps de pause restreint "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Os dias na Amazon come\u00e7avam com um bom caf\u00e9 da manh\u00e3 entre os funcion\u00e1rios, ap\u00f3s todos se encaminhavam para executar suas tarefas. Devido a natureza dos servi\u00e7os dos Clientes (telefonia) o dia era bastante din\u00e2mico, versava entre feedbacks por telefone e entrega de componentes (pe\u00e7as) dentro e fora da empresa. A ger\u00eancia tinha uma excelente rela\u00e7\u00e3o com os funcion\u00e1rios, pecava apenas pela falta de defini\u00e7\u00e3o de responsabilidades entre os funcion\u00e1rios que detinham cargos de confiava;  A parte mais complicada do trabalho era quando n\u00e3o consegu\u00edamos dar uma log\u00edstica de entrega de componentes nas localidades que os clientes desejavam quando em atendimentos de emerg\u00eancia, isso na maior parte das vezes criava desgaste  estresse extremo devido a exig\u00eancias da gerencia em se trabalhar mais de 12 a 15 horas por dia. No mais a empresa proporcionava encontros regulares para trocar id\u00e9ias com a equipe, o que nos permitia expressar nossas insatisfa\u00e7\u00f5es e desejos. ", " Sehr geehrte Damen und Heeren  Nach einem Erfolgreich Abitur, habe ich eine Arbeit endlich gefunden. Auf die Arbeit ist alles nicht so einfach aber es geht mir ganz gut. Ich habe gelernt jede Mitarbeiter zu respektieren. Management ist sehr wichtig um man muss darauf sehr Akten  Was betrifft Kollegen  wir m\u00fcssen in Team arbeiten. Die Distanz war f\u00fcr mich ein St\u00f6rfaktor. Die Interaktion zwischen Mitarbeitern und Managers war super und hat mir gut gefallen ", " mi sono trovato benissimo da subito i manager mi hanno seguito e insegnato in modo costante e diligente , formando un lavoro di squadra molto buono , poche chiacchere e tanto lavoro ma molta soddisfazione .la parte pi\u00f9 difficile \u00e8 stato l inizio i cui bisognava avere metodo organizztivo spiccato e senza fare errori , la parte piacevole \u00e8 stato riuscire a superare la parte spiacevole e ogni gg migliorare ", " Excelente empresa y muy profesional. Gran ambiente de trabajo y compa\u00f1erismo ", " Colleghi giovani. Buona organizzazione. parte difficile i controlli continui che ti fanno perdere tempo. ", " Onde aprendi como funciona uma empresa de com\u00e9rcio varejista, com picos de receita, de acordo com as datas festivas. ", " j'ai travailler en tant que stoeur puis en pickeur, en stoe je ranger les marchandise dans les cassier et chaque article ranger dans un cassier devais \u00eatre d'abort scanner ensuite ranger et en picking sur le scaner nous indiquer ou aller chercher l'article c'\u00e9tait quoi comme article l'endroit ou il se trouver le nombre de quantit\u00e9 et dans quel all\u00e9e. ", " Ich habe in schichten gearbeitet, Es war nicht schlecht, meine Kollegen waren alle net. Ich habe gelernt verantwortung f\u00fcr meine Arbeit zu ubernehmen, den umgang mit verschiedene Menschen, und auch immer Punktlich zu sein. Das Management team war Super und immer hilfsbereit. Am schwierigsten war der Lange Reise zu Arbeit, sonst war alles in Ordnung und ich wurde es immer wieder machen ", " management organis\u00e9 et optimal opportunitls de developpement rapides ", " Ho cominciato con le notti, visto che la data della mia assunzione era nel periodo di Natale quindi, il picco per l'azienda e pur facendo orari notturni per qualche settimana, il tempo all'interno era piacevole e fluido, inoltre la paga, e mio avviso, \u00e8 molto buona. Un ambiente giovane, con moltissimi ragazzi/e ", " Empresa concession\u00e1ria New Holland, onde desempenhei a fun\u00e7\u00e3o de Gerente Comercial e Gerencia Geral da Unidade Sinop, conseguimos montar um time de colaboradores que atendiam satisfatoriamente as necessidades da Empresa.  As dificuldades que encontrei na minha perman\u00eancia no Grupo foram de ordem administrativa, das formas com que a Empresa vinha sendo gerida, somente depois de muitos conflitos com a diretoria(familiar) conseguimos implementar um modelo de gest\u00e3o que vem sendo adotado e ainda em fase de aprimoramento dentro do Grupo. O mais agrad\u00e1vel, foi o relacionamento com os clientes conquistados ao longo dos anos e a satisfa\u00e7\u00e3o de executar uma atividade a qual eu gosto muito, Administrar. ", " Der typische Tag beginnt mit einem Meeting, das 2 Minuten dauert. Der Manager gibt beim Meeting Safety-Tipps.  Am besten gefiel mir das es bei Amazon so viele unterschiedliche Menschentypen gibt. Diese Leute h\u00e4tte ich im \"normalen\" Leben nie kennengelernt. Schade ist das man keine Chance hat weiter zu kommen da es viel \"Fetternwirtschaft\" gibt. Ich war in der Zeit wo ich besch\u00e4ftgt war z.Bsp. nie krank und habe stets \u00fcber dem Durchschnitt mit meinen Zahlen gelegen - durfte aber nach zwei Arbeitsvertrag-Verl\u00e4ngerungen nicht bleiben. Andere wurden \u00fcbernommen, die oft krank waren und auch l\u00e4ngere Zeit nicht produktiv waren. ", " Inventur, Qualit\u00e4t der Waren \u00fcberpr\u00fcfen, Probleme erkennen und l\u00f6sen; Arbeit ist sehr eint\u00f6nig und langweilig; keine Weiterbildungsma\u00dfnahmen werden angeboten... ", " En Amazon trabajas much\u00edsimo, pero valoran tu trabajo y valoran las personas. Se hace el mejor posible para gestionar y coordinar el almac\u00e9n teniendo en cuenta que se trata de una empresa con mas de 400 empleados trabajando y en constante desarrollo. ", " Toujours la m\u00eame chose ranger ou prendre des articles  Bon management Une entreprise am\u00e9ricaine qui pense a ses employers, il y a des animations, des concours etc... tout le monde est tr\u00e8s amical. ", " Pszychodzi\u0142am co dzienie i mog\u0142am zmienic stanowisko pracy pik pak .Tak wszytkie szkolenia oraz stanowiska pracy sa interesujace Poniekturych bym zwolni\u0142a zle sie odzywaja a z wieksza\u015bcia pracuje sie swietnie. Bardzo dobra kadra rozmowy i doswiadczenia na pszerwach sprawialy ze bylismy jedna grupa. Mozliwos bycia w dwuch miejcach po dwie godziny przez ca\u0142a nocke ale ciekawe doswiadczenie. lancz i pszerwy oraz wsp\u0142\u00f3praca z panem Rafa\u0142em cz\u0142owiek spokojny dowcipny i tak jak wiekszosc w raz z derektorem mi\u0142a ", " Beaucoup de stress au sein de cette organisation, limite en pause,management incomprehensible, collegues sympa et serviable ", " Sono molto contenta di aver lavorato presso Amazon, il lavoro certo \u00e8 pesante, ma \u00e8 un ottimo ambiente di lavoro, lo consiglierei a tutti! ", " - Routinearbeit - wenig bis gar keine Kommunikation - sehr guter Lohn ohne zwingende Vorkenntnis - schneller Einstieg - kaum \u00dcbernahmechance ", " GENERALNIE OK, POLSKA FIRMA W UK, WIADOMO JAK JEST. BYLEJAKI STOSUNEK DO PRACOWNIKA. PRACOWNICY Z CALEJ UE. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Ce qu'ils attendaient \u00e9tait oppos\u00e9 \u00e0 ce qu'on m'avait expliqu\u00e9 pendant les test. On m'avait dit de privil\u00e9gier la qualit\u00e9 et non la rapidit\u00e9 pour me le reprocher ensuite. Surtout sur le rendement \u00e0 fournir qui devait \u00eatre progressif et m\u00eame inexistant durant la formation, au final ils demandaient tout de suite une certaine rapidit\u00e9. Ce qui ne m'a pas plu c'est de ne pas l'apprendre directement mais par la suite avec ADECCO. ", " Ich arbeite selbst dort und wei\u00df, was da so los ist!!! Es herscht absolute Chaos und keiner von der F\u00fchrungskr\u00e4fte ist in der Lage, dir zu sagen, was wie Richtig zu handhaben ist. Deine Beschwerden werden nicht nur ignoriert, sondern auch mit K\u00fcndigung gedroht!!! ", " Es una buena empresa con muy buen ambiente de trabajo y muy buen trato a los trabajadores. Como punto negativo resaltar\u00eda la conciliaci\u00f3n familiar/laboral para los que tenemos hijos y el poco tiempo de descanso que te queda libre pero no me import\u00f3 demasiado ya que tener trabajo es lo principal. Respecto al sueldo, est\u00e1 muy bien pagado. ", " Ho cominciato con le notti, visto che la data della mia assunzione era nel periodo di Natale quindi, il picco per l'azienda e pur facendo orari notturni per qualche settimana, il tempo all'interno era piacevole e fluido, inoltre la paga, e mio avviso, \u00e8 molto buona. Un ambiente giovane, con moltissimi ragazzi/e ", " Trabajo log\u00edstico de recoger art\u00edculos a trav\u00e9s de la bodega de la compa\u00f1\u00eda, ya dise\u00f1ado para que en cierto tiempo se hiciera la recolecci\u00f3n para ser empacado y enviado.  Laboraba con personas de distintas culturas pero todos concentrados en cumplir con sus labores en el menor tiempo posible, con un ambiente laboral divertido pero de mucha concentraci\u00f3n. ", " Fr\u00fch und Sp\u00e4tschicht, das ist aber in Ordnung, Wohnortnah f\u00fcr mich gelegen. Es muss sich noch alles einspielen, diese Niederlassung befindet sich noch im Aufbau. Ein bunter mix von Internationalen Arbeitnehmern. Einfache Arbeiten. Ich selbst f\u00fchle mich Unterfordert. Man kommt sich irgendwann vor wie ein Roboter. Querqualifikation ist bei entsprechender Ausbildung m\u00f6glich. ", " Aprendi muito com os gestores... q n\u00e3o importa o funcion\u00e1rio estar presente no espa\u00e7o fisico.. para q ele possa desenvolver seu trabalho... q trabalho em equipe e essencial para o crescimento de uma empresa.. e que salario n\u00e3o e o mais importante... Mas sim o Ambiente. A valoriza\u00e7\u00e3o das capacidades de cada funcion\u00e1rio devem ser sempre enaltecidas. ", " Preparando pedidos con radiofrecuencia , la gerencia muy agradable no era un trabajo dif\u00edcil ... ", " j'ai travailler en tant que stoeur puis en pickeur, en stoe je ranger les marchandise dans les cassier et chaque article ranger dans un cassier devais \u00eatre d'abort scanner ensuite ranger et en picking sur le scaner nous indiquer ou aller chercher l'article c'\u00e9tait quoi comme article l'endroit ou il se trouver le nombre de quantit\u00e9 et dans quel all\u00e9e. ", " - Versteckte Time Checker, um zu sehen, ob man vor Gongschlag in   die Pause geht. + Ich habe gelernt, schnell und fast fehlerfrei zu kommissionieren. - Man muss immer 100 % geben. Die Motivation konstant zu halten, ist nicht leicht. ", " A AMAZON TEMPER FOI UMA DAS EMPRESAS QUE ME SENTI MUITO FELIZ EM TRABALHAR,POIS ME OFERECERAM A OPRTUNIDADE SEM EXPERIENCIA NA AREA,ME TREINARAM E ME TORNARAM UMA PESSOA CAPAZ DE EXERCER A FUN\u00c7AO DE PROJETISTA DE VIDROS.AMEI TRABALHAR NESSA FUN\u00c7AO E GOSTARIA DE CONSEGUIR ALGUMA COISA NESSA AREA TAMBEM. ", " Travail assez polyvalent. Bonne ambiance et dynamisme d'\u00e9quipe. ", " Normal. Ambiente no muy aireado. Casi formando una rutina. Si se aprende nuevas cosas cada d\u00eda. El gerente trabaja muy bien y es responsable. Las personas tambi\u00e9n. En realidad lo dif\u00edcil es trabajar con mucho calor y no hay buena capacitaci\u00f3n para desempe\u00f1ar nuestras funciones y lo que m\u00e1s me gusto es aprender sobre el rubro. ", " muy pozitiva ,repartir paquetaria por pueblos y ciudades mediante ,,dora,, ", " marcher toute la journ\u00e9e avec un scan a la main et faire la preparation de commandes ", " A ROTINA DE TRABALHO \u00c9 SEMPRE BEM CORRIDA, APRENDI A USAR A \u00c9TICA PROFISSIONAL E USAR A EMPATIA, A GER\u00caNCIA \u00c9 BEM ACESS\u00cdVEL, OS COLEGAS DE TRABALHO NA MAIORIA S\u00c3O AGRAD\u00c1VEIS E SABEM TRABALHAR EM EQUIPE, A PARTE MAIS DIF\u00cdCIL \u00c9 O TEMPO QUE \u00c9 BASTANTE CORRIDO E TEMOS QUE SER SEMPRE DIN\u00c2MICOS E CRIATIVOS, A PARTE AGRAD\u00c1VEL \u00c9 A QVT. ", " Gran empresa, con un equipo magn\u00edfico, en la cual me ayud\u00f3 much\u00edsimo a desarrollar mis cualidades como trabajador y a darme la independencia suficiente para poder demostrar mi validez. Gran volumen de trabajo, el cual el ambiente ayudaba a parecer que era poco, y a realizarlo siempre lleno de ganas y motivaci\u00f3n porque las cosas salieran bien. ", " Ich habe nie irgendwelche Probleme mit Amazon gehabt. Das Unternehmen Seite ist gut sortiert und bietet eine unglaubliche Vielfalt an Waren. Auch der Versandt l\u00e4uft immer sehr schnell, aber wem sag ich das - Jeder der mal im Internet eingekauft hat, tat dies mal \u00fcber Amazon. 5 Sterne. Au\u00dferdem tolle Arbeitszeiten, nette Kollegen und Vorgesetzte nur zu empfehlen! ", " Cultura n\u00e3o permite ado\u00e7\u00e3o de Novas estrat\u00e9gias conforme necessidade de mercado local.  Pol\u00edtica de decis\u00e3o concentrada no board. Sem op\u00e7\u00f5es de flexibilidade para cliente. ", " trabalhar diretamente com todos funcion\u00e1rios da empresa \u00e9 muito complicado e ao mesmo tempo muito valioso,aprender como lidar com pessoas diferentes \u00e9 um aprendizado cont\u00ednuo... "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " un diez, si teniamos cafe gratis ,fruta todos los dias y muy buen ambiente,la pena que mi departamento se lo llevaron a londres.fueron dos a\u00f1os y medio en pozuelo muy buenos. ", " Bon boulot mais difficile Beaucoup de fatigue 13-14 km par jour de marche ", " - Une journ\u00e9e qui d\u00e9bute \u00e0 5h40 du matin et qui se termine \u00e0 13h00 de l'apr\u00e8s-midi. - L'aspect le plus dure de mon poste a \u00e9tait le port de charges lourdes. - L'aspect le plus agr\u00e9able a \u00e9tait la connaissance de la logistique interne. ", " Trabalho intenso via home office, aprendi muito sobre como lidar com clientes de diferentes regi\u00f5es do Brasil. Adquiri boa experi\u00eancia em diversos segmentos por se tratar de uma importadora atuante com produtos bastante diversificados. ", " dia de trabalho passava bem e r\u00e1pido t\u00ednhamos uma bom esp\u00edrito de equipe  a todos os dia se aprende algum  dire\u00e7\u00e3o boa mas problemas com a ger\u00eancia  Colegas de trabalho muitos bons  Esp\u00edrito positivo, muito boa parceria entre colegas ", " A Amazonas importados e uma grande empresa em todos os Requisitos empresa  que eu n\u00e3o tenho o que reclamar uma empresa que foi e sera uma das empresas que fez o meu conhecimento bem maior no mundo do trabalho. ", " Es wird hart gearbeitet und zusammen gearbeitet , Im Receive gearbeitet f\u00fcr Trinken ist gesorgt ", " Me trouxe grandes experi\u00eancias profissionais. Bom entrosamento com os colegas de trabalho, trabalho Social com o p\u00fablico maravilhoso, pois n\u00e3o \u00e0 nada melhor do que ajudar uns aos outros. ", " Por ser uma  subsidiaria da Amazon, a A100 \u00e9 uma empresa que opera os datacenter em miss\u00e3o critica. Possui procedimentos internos bem complexos e com uma quantidade enorme de relat\u00f3rios para evitar que os erros n\u00e3o se repitam.  \u00c9 uma empresa que se trabalha sob press\u00e3o o tempo todo, com uma quantidade enorme de reuni\u00f5es e exige do funcion\u00e1rio uma dedica\u00e7\u00e3o acima do periodo normal de trabalho.  Como nunca me importei em trabalhar sob press\u00e3o, gostava do trabalho e tentava faze-lo da melhor maneira possivel, inclusive buscando maneiras de motivar meus funcion\u00e1rios, dando-lhes oportunidade de trabalharem em projetos onde poderiam ter uma visibilidade melhor e ajudar nas avalia\u00e7\u00f5es per\u00edodicas. ", " la mia mansione in amazon era fare l'addetta al picking e controllo qualit\u00e0 ,mi sono trovata molto bene in questa azienda pero pultroppo cercavano solo per il periodo del picco natalizio. ", " ambiente lavorativo giovanile,dinamico,i superiori sono ragazzi giovanissimi e che quindi sono molto vicino al lavoratore in termini di idee,interessi,etc.. ", " \u6e96\u5099\u304a\u3088\u3073\u65e5\u3005\u306e\u7a4d\u307f\u91cd\u306d\u306e\u91cd\u8981\u6027\u3002 \u30b9\u30d4\u30fc\u30c9\u3002 \u8d77\u3053\u3063\u3066\u3044\u308b\u4e8b\u67c4\u3092\u6570\u5b57\u3067\u8aac\u660e\u3067\u304d\u308b\u3053\u3068\u3002 \u69d8\u3005\u306a\u30ad\u30e3\u30ea\u30a2\u3092\u6301\u3064\u4eba\u3068\u50cd\u3051\u308b\u3002 ", " Dans cette entreprise, les horaires sont en deux 8. Les managers ou les chefs d'\u00e9quipe sont tr\u00e8s humains, proche du personnel. C'est une entreprise o\u00f9 il fait bon vivre. ", " \u00e9 stata un'esperienza molto significativa per me; l'organizzazione dell'azienda in ogni settore \u00e8 molto curata e l'ambiente lavorativo \u00e8 giovane, sereno e stimolante. ", " collaboration correcte entre sup\u00e9rieurs et ouvriers travail tr\u00e8s \u00e9prouvant physiquement et mentalement  parfois compliqu\u00e9 entre les \u00e9quipes  bon management salaire correct par rapport \u00e0 certain site logistique ", " tive oportunidades de crescimento, na empresa atrav\u00e9s de meu esfor\u00e7o e a vis\u00e3o de meus superiores. ", " Dependendo do dia era tranquilo e agrad\u00e1vel, aprendi a lidar com o publico sempre dando o meu melhor para agradar os clientes. Tinha uma boa rela\u00e7\u00e3o com a diretoria e os colegas de trabalho. ", " como todas as outros sempre buscando seu lucro em dependente a qualquer coisa. ", " Lo que mas me gusto del trabajo es la seguridad que hay en el entorno , el compa\u00f1erismo y las facilidades que hay para realizarlo correctamente ya que todos los dias hay reuniones para corregir fallos ", " Muito boa de conviv\u00eancia com colegas e patr\u00f5es, aprendi como recepcionar clientes, coordena\u00e7\u00e3o de boletos, com ela aprendi a ser uma boa secretaria. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Environnement de travail stimulant, enrichissant et en perp\u00e9tuel \u00e9volution. ", " Ich habe nie irgendwelche Probleme mit Amazon gehabt. Das Unternehmen Seite ist gut sortiert und bietet eine unglaubliche Vielfalt an Waren. Auch der Versandt l\u00e4uft immer sehr schnell, aber wem sag ich das - Jeder der mal im Internet eingekauft hat, tat dies mal \u00fcber Amazon. 5 Sterne. Au\u00dferdem tolle Arbeitszeiten, nette Kollegen und Vorgesetzte nur zu empfehlen! ", " Les horaires sont du 2/8, le matin de 5h40 \u00e0 12h50 ou l'apr\u00e9s midi de 13h10 \u00e0 20h20, avec 30 minutes de pause divis\u00e9 par 2 fois 15 minutes. Chacun est assign\u00e9 \u00e0 un poste dans lequel il est le plus comp\u00e9tent. L'\u00e9volution est assez difficile car beaucoup le souhaite et les postes ne sont pas forc\u00e9ment libre. Sinon il y avait un bon esprit d'\u00e9quipe, tout le monde \u00e9tait \u00e0 son rythme avec une ambiance conviviale. J'\u00e9tais dans la r\u00e9ception de marchandises, malgr\u00e9 tout il fallait \u00e9viter les erreurs d'inattentions, ne pas en enregistrer 11 unit\u00e9s sur le pc alors qu'on en a que 10 par exemple mais j'aimais les calculs mentaux. Des tests sont effectu\u00e9s avant d'int\u00e9grer l'entreprise, juste de la logique. ", " pracowa\u0142am w niemczech w Bad Hersweld...mega wielki obiekt,wszystko sprawnie sie odbywa\u0142o,duzo ludzi ale kazdy z nas wiedzia\u0142 co do niego nale\u017cy.Ja na pocz\u0105tku pakowa\u0142am multi,nastepnie single.Bardzo mi\u0142o wspominam prace w Amazon.de. Kadra super,bardzo pomocna,no pocz\u0105tki jak zawsze s\u0105 trudne...zanim si\u0119 cz\u0142owiek wci\u0105gnie.Najtrudniejszy by\u0142 zaduch,upa\u0142 kt\u00f3ry tam panowa\u0142.Najprzyjemniejszy by\u0142 pocz\u0105tek pracy i koniec ;) ", " Me trouxe grandes experi\u00eancias profissionais. Bom entrosamento com os colegas de trabalho, trabalho Social com o p\u00fablico maravilhoso, pois n\u00e3o \u00e0 nada melhor do que ajudar uns aos outros. ", " Apesar da empresa ser um pouco apertada, dava para trabalhar normalmente. Mas as vezes chegava incomodar a passagem de clientes ", " \u00d3timo lugar para se trabalhar, servi\u00e7o f\u00e1cil, apesar de nunca ser pouco. ", " Nessa empresa, tive a oportunidade de colocar em pr\u00e1tica meus conhecimentos acad\u00eamicos, e de crescer profissionalmente, entrei para organizar o arquivo e quando me desliguei estava como coordenadora da \u00e1rea administrativa. ", " Keine Zukunft. Wenig Kontakt zu Arbeitskolegen.\u00dcbertriebene Kontrollen.Es werden immer hohe Leistungsanspr\u00fcche gestellt.H\u00f6herer Lohn wird nie erreicht,da Befristungen immer vorher auslaufen.Leere Lohnversprechen. ", " travailler pendant 3 mois mai j'ai du arreter car il a vraiment trop de cadance et quand sa va pas les manageur bouste encor plus ", " Ich habe gelernt mit einen Scaner zu arbeten. Ware zu beurteilen ob sie defekt ist oder gut f\u00fcr den Kunden ", " \u00c9volution de carri\u00e8re ouverte, culture d'entreprise agr\u00e9able et facilitant la communication entre les niveaux de hi\u00e9rarchies. Travail soutenu mais tr\u00e8s facile \u00e0 g\u00e9rer. ", " Empresa organizada, Com grade faciliadade de aprendizado... o motivo pela saida, foi pelo fato de ainda estar estudando. ", " tr\u00e8s mauvais entreprise je la d\u00e9conseille a tous, aucune consideration, mauvaise r\u00e9muneration, ne pas avoir peur de marcher, ", " schwere k\u00f6rperliche und stupide T\u00e4tigkeit ohne Chance auf \u00dcbernahme keinerlei Motivation ", " bonne exp\u00e9rience malgr\u00e9 les horaires parfois difficiles ainsi que la fatigue s'installant ", " Gostei muito de ter trabalhado nesta empresa na unidade do hotel de   selva em manaus, porem houve falhas da gerencia local, mas as pessoas s\u00e3o maravilhosas e aprendi muito, so tenho a agradecer a oportunidade que me foi consedida. ", " rapidit\u00e9,ponctualit\u00e9,beaucoup d'effort physique et de pression. ", " HORAIRES: Du matin, d\u00e9but 5h50 fin 13h15 De l'apr\u00e8s midi, d\u00e9but 13h15 fin 20h30 2 pauses de 15 min par jour La nuit, d\u00e9but 21h fin 4h40 2 pauses de 20 min par nuit  Les opportunit\u00e9 d\u00e9volutions peuvent se faire rapidement si l'on r\u00e9pond bien au attentes et surtout au quotas qui nous sont demand\u00e9. Ces quotas sont justement une pression permanente que nous mettent les \"lead\" et manager au risques de finir en fin de missions si ceux ci ne sont pas respect\u00e9s. L'ambiance au seins de l'\u00e9quipe \"high selving\" \u00e9tait plus bonne entre simple ex\u00e9cutant malgr\u00e9 la pr\u00e9sence de d\u00e9lateurs... Pour ma part le plus difficile dans ce poste ne r\u00e9side pas forcement dans l'atteinte des quotas demand\u00e9, ni dans le fait de devoir beaucoup marcher dans la journ\u00e9e mais dans la r\u00e9p\u00e9tition des t\u00e2ches demand\u00e9es ce qui provoque assez rapidement une lassitude dans le travail. En point positif je dirais l'aspect s\u00e9curitaire qui est parfois un peu trop excessif de la part de certaines personnes. ", " TRABALHAR NESSA EMPRESA FOI MUITO PARA MIM APRIMORA MAS MEUS CONHECIMENTOS. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Lo que mas me gusto del trabajo es la seguridad que hay en el entorno , el compa\u00f1erismo y las facilidades que hay para realizarlo correctamente ya que todos los dias hay reuniones para corregir fallos ", " Muito boa de conviv\u00eancia com colegas e patr\u00f5es, aprendi como recepcionar clientes, coordena\u00e7\u00e3o de boletos, com ela aprendi a ser uma boa secretaria. ", " Inventur, Qualit\u00e4t der Waren \u00fcberpr\u00fcfen, Probleme erkennen und l\u00f6sen; Arbeit ist sehr eint\u00f6nig und langweilig; keine Weiterbildungsma\u00dfnahmen werden angeboten... ", " Tr\u00e8s difficile d'avoir \u00e0 faire avec un manageur ou un leader. ", " Em dia tipico de trabalho atendo varios tipos de clientes. Eu aprendir a trabalhar com o p\u00fablico e negociar. A ger\u00eancia foi presente. O mais dificil \u00e9 negociar. O mais agravel e ve o cliente satisfeito com a compra eo atentimento ", " Una empresa diferente con una filosof\u00eda al estilo americano, en la que se aprenden muchas cosas ", " Toujours la m\u00eame chose ranger ou prendre des articles  Bon management Une entreprise am\u00e9ricaine qui pense a ses employers, il y a des animations, des concours etc... tout le monde est tr\u00e8s amical. ", " Trabalho voltado a desenvolvimento de novos cliente e manuten\u00e7ao dos mesmos. Aprendi a fazer as etiquetas; Diretoria atuante; Colegas compreensivos com o negocio da empresa; ", " Travailler pour Amazon c'est un plaisir. On nous permet \u00e0 la fois, \u00eatre personnes et avoir un travail confortable. En revanche, je demanderai du travail plus souvent et un peu mieux r\u00e9mun\u00e9r\u00e9.  Salutations ", " Atendimento ao cliente, a trabalhar com publico, pessoas muito humanas, uma equipe excelente, foi aprender fazer as coisas sem ter um treinamento, trabalhar em equipe. ", " Empresa boa para trabalhar, com um boa din\u00e2mica, sempre atualizada com cursos de capacita\u00e7\u00e3o para o empregado, uma ger\u00eancia organizada. ", " ogni giorno lavorativo mi cercavano di formare in base al tipo di lavoro che dovevi svolgere. ottimo il rapporto con colleghi di lavoro ed anche con leader e manager. ", " A Empresa, pela sua atividade complexa, requer conhecimento t\u00e9cnico atualizado, e perfeita integra\u00e7\u00e3o entre os seus colaboradores. ", " des que on arrive on prend les scanner on scanner un chariot et \u00e2pre on va cherche les article que le scanne nous indique d'allez cherche ", " entreprise a l'\u00e9coute de ses salari\u00e9s, travail enrichissant sur le plan personnel. une entreprise qui fait tout pour \u00e9viter les accidents ou incidents au travail ", " Uma Boa Empresa para se trabalhar, organizada paga direitinho boa comunica\u00e7\u00e3o a escala era 5x1 por um, era mais ou menos mais era tranquilo. ", " \u00c9 uma \u00f3tima empresa, um ambiente agrad\u00e1vel para se trabalhar. Tinha suporte da diretoria e de colegas de trabalho quando necess\u00e1rio. Aprendi a mexer com planilhas eletr\u00f4nicas ", " um dia de trabalho desafiador. a trabalhar mais sobre press\u00e3. Meus colegas de trabalho parceria. A falta de ambiente de trabalho A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel e trabalhar na profiss\u00e3o que eu gosto. ", " \u00c9volution de carri\u00e8re ouverte, culture d'entreprise agr\u00e9able et facilitant la communication entre les niveaux de hi\u00e9rarchies. Travail soutenu mais tr\u00e8s facile \u00e0 g\u00e9rer. ", " FALTOU COM A VERDADE, ME ENGANOU, ME FEZ PEDIR A CONTA DO MEU EMPREGO, N\u00c3O ME PAGOU E AINDA ME DEMITIU DEPOIS DE IMPLANTAR TODOS OS VIGILANTES NA AMAZONAS ENERGIA E REALIZAR TODAS AS AN\u00c1LISES DE RISCOS DOS POSTOS. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Empresa comprometida, organizada quando  se trata de bem-estar. ", " estressante aprendi a valorizar os clientes dire\u00e7\u00e3o ausente e gerencia sem comando  colegas de trabalho muito bons falta de estrutura no setor os colegas ", " Arrivo al posto di lavoro con alcuni colleghi, e subito attenzione al posto di lavoro con riordino di tutto il materiale disponibile per poter affrontare la giornata. ", " O trabalho era corrido, aprendi trabalhar em equipe, a ger\u00eancia era agrad\u00e1vel de se conviver; os colegas de trabalho eram bastante unidos e a empresa era muito boa de trabalhar. ", " El trabajo es duro y mas en el momento que particip\u00e9 yo,la gente superior y gente de la ett fu\u00e9 muy buena para que nos fuesemos adaptando al trabajo. ", " Eine gute artbeitseinweisung(die man schnell verstehen tut),mitarbeiter sind sehr freundlich und hilfsbereit,abwechslungsreiche arbeit! ", " J'ai appris \u00e0 travailler avec la vitesse et l\u2019efficacit\u00e9.  La capacit\u00e9 d'adaptation. L'organisation dans le travail. Le sens commercial et du resultat. ", " die Arbeit ist abwechslungsreich habe Spa\u00df gemacht! Leistung wird belohnt tolle Unterst\u00fctzung durch Kollegen fairness ", " \u00d3timo lugar para se trabalhar, servi\u00e7o f\u00e1cil, apesar de nunca ser pouco. ", " \u9996\u5148\uff1a\u516c\u53f8\u7684\u6bcf\u4e2a\u4eba\u90fd\u5f88nice\uff0c\u5bf9\u4e8e\u5b9e\u4e60\u751f\uff0c\u4ed6\u4eec\u5e76\u4e0d\u662f\u90a3\u79cd\u77a7\u4e0d\u4e0a\u7684\u6001\u5ea6\uff0c\u800c\u662f\u5bf9\u4e8e\u6211\u7684\u6bcf\u4e00\u4e2a\u95ee\u9898\u90fd\u5f88\u4e50\u610f\u53bb\u8010\u5fc3\u89e3\u7b54\uff0c\u8ba9\u6211\u4ece\u8fd9\u4e9b\u6210\u529f\u4eba\u58eb\u8eab\u4e0a\u5b66\u4f1a\u4e86\u8c26\u8c26\u6709\u793c\uff1b \u5176\u6b21\uff1a\u516c\u53f8\u7684\u6bcf\u4e00\u4e2a\u4eba\u90fd\u5f88\u5c0a\u91cd\u6211\uff0c\u867d\u7136\u6211\u53ea\u662f\u4e00\u4e2a\u5c0f\u5c0f\u7684\u5b9e\u4e60\u751f\uff0c\u4f46\u662f\u4ed6\u4eec\u628a\u6211\u5f53\u6210\u4e00\u4e2a\u72ec\u7acb\u7684\u5458\u5de5\u5bf9\u5f85\uff0c\u5f88\u8ba4\u771f\u9686\u91cd\u7684\u628a\u6211\u4ecb\u7ecd\u7ed9\u6bcf\u4e00\u4e2a\u5de5\u4f5c\u4e2d\u53ef\u80fd\u4f1a\u6d89\u53ca\u5230\u7684\u4eba\uff0c\u8bf7\u5927\u5bb6\u591a\u591a\u6307\u5bfc\u6211\u7684\u5b9e\u4e60\uff0c\u6211\u89c9\u5f97\u81ea\u5df1\u5f88\u6709\u5b58\u5728\u611f\u3002 ", " Empresa com poucos benef\u00edcios para o trabalhador. Por\u00e9m cont\u00e9m um ambiente agrad\u00e1vel para o dia a dia. ", " Amazon son baser sur le soutien d'\u00e9quipe pour que tout le monde face du bon travail dans des bonnes conditions. Un manager super qui est tr\u00e8s comp\u00e9tente. ", " Apesar da empresa ser um pouco apertada, dava para trabalhar normalmente. Mas as vezes chegava incomodar a passagem de clientes ", " \u00c9 UMA EMPRESA FAMILIAR,DE BOM RELACIONAMENTO ENTRE TODOS OS COLABORADORES, DO MAIS HUMILDE AO MAIS GRADUADO. ", " Um bom ambiente de trabalho, o unico problema que \u00e9 colocado muito carro na area Vip, assim exige mais aten\u00e7\u00e3o, sendo que deveria ter um limite de lota\u00e7\u00e3o. ", " Era um excelente est\u00e1gio, aprendi a lidar com pessoas e tive vasto conhecimento no ramo de inform\u00e1tica, \u00f3tima dire\u00e7\u00e3o. ", " Lo mismo anteriormente expresado. Casi se forma una rutina diaria, el director general y mis colegas siempre responsables. Pero con un ambiente que provoca calor. ", " A empresa oferece ao funcion\u00e1rio uma boa oportunidade para desenvover seus conhecimentos. ", " Travailler en \u00e9quipe permet de rencontrer des gens de tout horizons et d'en apprendre plus sur les liens entre humains. ", " Colleghi giovani. Buona organizzazione. parte difficile i controlli continui che ti fanno perdere tempo. "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Cuando empece a trabajar en Amazon descubr\u00ed lo que es realmente el compa\u00f1erismo. Todos nos ayud\u00e1bamos y ense\u00f1\u00e1bamos unos a otros.  El respeto estaba siempre presente. Se cumpl\u00edan todas las normas de seguridad y gracias a ello pod\u00eda estar tranquila. Cada ma\u00f1ana me levantaba motivada. Nada mas llegar nos reun\u00edamos por secci\u00f3n. Nuestro \"Manager\" nos felicitaba por cumplir los objetivos del d\u00eda anterior y nos animaba a seguir esforz\u00e1ndonos. Sin duda ha sido una experiencia incre\u00edble. ", " Atendimento ao cliente, a trabalhar com publico, pessoas muito humanas, uma equipe excelente, foi aprender fazer as coisas sem ter um treinamento, trabalhar em equipe. ", " Uma Empresa Din\u00e2mica e  que possibilitou muito novas experi\u00eancias na minha vida profissional. Comandada Pelo Gerente muito comunicativo, paciente e compress\u00edvel, ensinando-nos a melhor maneira de trabalhar em equipe. Organizando os setores atrav\u00e9s da comunica\u00e7\u00e3o o que tornou muito agrad\u00e1vel o ambiente de trabalho. A parte mais desagrad\u00e1vel para mim \u00e9 que cumprido esse desafio. Sinto-me com potencial de querer novos desafios futuro, o que me levou a disponibilizar-me para futuras experi\u00eancias. ", " -frequentemente estava viajando,  -a empresa foi \u00f3tima nela aperfei\u00e7oei meu conhecimento em georreferenciamento, -o gente era comunicativo e sempre nos motivando a confian\u00e7a, -os colegas de trabalho eram minha segunda fam\u00edlia, -a parte mais dif\u00edcil era que faltava uma log\u00edstica de viajem;  -como trabalhava com georreferenciamento rurais, fazia muitas amizades e saber que no final eles te cumprimentavam com honestidade ", " estressante aprendi a valorizar os clientes dire\u00e7\u00e3o ausente e gerencia sem comando  colegas de trabalho muito bons falta de estrutura no setor os colegas ", " \u9996\u5148\uff1a\u516c\u53f8\u7684\u6bcf\u4e2a\u4eba\u90fd\u5f88nice\uff0c\u5bf9\u4e8e\u5b9e\u4e60\u751f\uff0c\u4ed6\u4eec\u5e76\u4e0d\u662f\u90a3\u79cd\u77a7\u4e0d\u4e0a\u7684\u6001\u5ea6\uff0c\u800c\u662f\u5bf9\u4e8e\u6211\u7684\u6bcf\u4e00\u4e2a\u95ee\u9898\u90fd\u5f88\u4e50\u610f\u53bb\u8010\u5fc3\u89e3\u7b54\uff0c\u8ba9\u6211\u4ece\u8fd9\u4e9b\u6210\u529f\u4eba\u58eb\u8eab\u4e0a\u5b66\u4f1a\u4e86\u8c26\u8c26\u6709\u793c\uff1b \u5176\u6b21\uff1a\u516c\u53f8\u7684\u6bcf\u4e00\u4e2a\u4eba\u90fd\u5f88\u5c0a\u91cd\u6211\uff0c\u867d\u7136\u6211\u53ea\u662f\u4e00\u4e2a\u5c0f\u5c0f\u7684\u5b9e\u4e60\u751f\uff0c\u4f46\u662f\u4ed6\u4eec\u628a\u6211\u5f53\u6210\u4e00\u4e2a\u72ec\u7acb\u7684\u5458\u5de5\u5bf9\u5f85\uff0c\u5f88\u8ba4\u771f\u9686\u91cd\u7684\u628a\u6211\u4ecb\u7ecd\u7ed9\u6bcf\u4e00\u4e2a\u5de5\u4f5c\u4e2d\u53ef\u80fd\u4f1a\u6d89\u53ca\u5230\u7684\u4eba\uff0c\u8bf7\u5927\u5bb6\u591a\u591a\u6307\u5bfc\u6211\u7684\u5b9e\u4e60\uff0c\u6211\u89c9\u5f97\u81ea\u5df1\u5f88\u6709\u5b58\u5728\u611f\u3002 ", " Une journ\u00e9e type est rythm\u00e9 au gr\u00e9s des pauses (2 pauses d'un quart d'heure chrono). Sinon selon le poste o\u00f9 vous \u00eates attribu\u00e9s vous faites la m\u00eame chose toutes la journ\u00e9e avec une cadence soutenu. Le droit \u00e0 l'erreur n'est pas autoris\u00e9es sous peine d'avertissement.  Le management est \u00e0 l'image de l'entreprise du grand n'importe quoi. ", " O trabalho na empresa era apaixonante, pois eu lidava com lideran\u00e7as comunit\u00e1rias e moradores de 06 comunidades impactadas pela Petrobras, com a ger\u00eancia local da Petrobras e com uma equipe de trabalho que eu precisava liderar. Eu fazia a intermedia\u00e7\u00e3o das partes interessadas. Por exemplo: eu e a equipe faz\u00edamos o planejamento das atividades, agend\u00e1vamos com as pessoas interessadas (das comunidades, da empresa e da Petrobras) e faz\u00edamos as reuni\u00f5es e demais tarefas de campo. A equipe tinha um \u00f3timo relacionamento interpessoal e executava bem o trabalho. O mais dif\u00edcil era enfrentar as dificuldades da empresa (tanto financeiras quanto de gest\u00e3o), pois nosso desempenho dependia das decis\u00f5es da dire\u00e7\u00e3o da empresa. No trabalho especificamente o mais dif\u00edcil era lidar com os diversos interesses dos envolvidos, mas eu consegui contornar. O mais agrad\u00e1vel do trabalho era ver as pessoas satisfeitas, a equipe feliz e com o sentimento do dever cumprido. Pois lidar com diversas pessoas com interesses diversos \u00e9 desafiante e enriquecedor. ", " El dia comenzaba respondiendo los reclamos de los clientes del dia anterior, luego completar las planillas de excel con el reporte del feedback negativo del dia anterior de Amazon.Es (Espa\u00f1a) y de Amazon.It (Italia). Luego me encargaba de los reclamos nuevos (del mismo dia). Mi trabajo era solucionar casos como extravios de envios, ofreciendo reembolso o reenvios, u otorgando compensaciones ante retrasos en la entrega; cancelar a pedido del cliente las ordenes hechas; etc. Aprendi mas sobre el sistema operativo de Ubuntu, y trabajar con programas secretos que usan las grandes corporaciones como Amazon. ", " Horaires de travail: 2X8 Pointage-  Un  poste \u00e0 responsabilit\u00e9 car premier poste de la cha\u00eene, enregistrement informatique de marchandises. Environnement plut\u00f4t agr\u00e9able   L'aspect le plus difficile \u00e9tait de garder une productivit\u00e9 \u00e0 100% ", " collaboration correcte entre sup\u00e9rieurs et ouvriers travail tr\u00e8s \u00e9prouvant physiquement et mentalement  parfois compliqu\u00e9 entre les \u00e9quipes  bon management salaire correct par rapport \u00e0 certain site logistique ", " Amazon fonctionne avec un systeme de production \u00e0 respecter, c'est \u00e0 dire l'atteinte d'un objectif \u00e0 chaque heure. Notre performance doit constamment s'am\u00e9liorer. C'est pourquoi l'effort requis est \u00e9l\u00e9v\u00e9. Cependant l'environnement la bas est cool, il y a une bonne ambiance entre tous les salari\u00e9s. ", " ich habe dort im outbound packete verpackt und verschickt und einige kenntnisse im bereich lager-logistik aneignen ", " SEGUNDA SER INTERATIVO SATISFAT\u00d3RIA COMPANHEIROS O INICIO E A CONCLUS\u00c3O DO SERVI\u00c7O SABER QUE FOI BEM DESENVOLVIDO E SER RECONHECIDO POR ISSO ", " Supervis\u00e3o e controle das linhas de reembalamento de mangas provenientes do Brasil, Costa Rica, Equador, Guatemala, M\u00e9xico, Nicaragua e Peru, que apresentaram problemas de qualidade na chegada aos Estados Unidos. Levantamento di\u00e1rio da fruta estocada com objetivo de manter o departamento comercial atualizado sobre condi\u00e7\u00e3o da fruta dispon\u00edvel para venda, bem como a defini\u00e7\u00e3o do tempo que a fruta poder\u00e1 permanecer estocada sem afetar o seu valor comercial. ", " Ma mission a amazon \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u2019effectu\u00e9 la pr\u00e9paration de commandes et les papiers cadeaux si le clients l'avait demander lors de sa commande sur le site ", " Ayant \u00e9t\u00e9 employ\u00e9e dans une \u00e9quipe d'am\u00e9nagement, j'ai pu faire du move, de la stow, du picking, de l'\u00e9tiquetage et de la manutention d'articles plus volumineux, notamment en utilisant un tire-palettes. Les coll\u00e8gues avec qui j'ai travaill\u00e9 \u00e9tait agr\u00e9ables. L'aspect le plus difficile est la station debout permanente. ", " . Com bastante visita a fazer no campo operacional, para avaliar os servi\u00e7os dos colaboradores, e montar o plano de a\u00e7\u00e3o para combater o problema que era encontrado. . Aprendi que a humildade te ensina muito a amadurecer e a crescer em todas as \u00e1reas da vida, onde contagia as pessoas a ter voc\u00ea como exemplo, crescendo assim, a grande responsabilidade. . Todos sempre foram importantes, aprendi muito com eles. . Era quando n\u00e3o tinha veiculo para visitar um cliente, ai complicava, tinha que se virar nos trinta. Mais no final dava certo. . Era quando o cliente se sentia satisfeito e abria o sorriso, naquele momento toda equipe sorria e dizia valeu apena.  ", " Es macht schon spass wenn man mit den richtigen Leuten arbeitet ", " Lavoravo come magazziniere 8 ore al giorno su 3 turni, mi occupavo a prelevare le merci dagli scaffali oppure all'impaccamento dei prodotti.  "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Culture assum\u00e9e de la rotation des effectifs. Difficult\u00e9 d'\u00e9voluer en interne. ", " Ich habe gelernt mit einen Scaner zu arbeten. Ware zu beurteilen ob sie defekt ist oder gut f\u00fcr den Kunden ", " Bon ambiance ! Travail physique Beaucoup de marche, tr\u00e9s tr\u00e9s grand entrep\u00f4t ", " Journ\u00e9e type : arriver entre 10 min et 2 min avant la sonnerie pour ouvrir toutes les applications dont on va avoir besoin pour travailler. Apr\u00e8s la sonnerie 5 min de gym (r\u00e9veil musculaire) 5 min de r\u00e9union rapide pour savoir le travail qui nous reste \u00e0 faire et ce qui doit arriver 5 min pour se rendre \u00e0 son poste avec son ordi pour ceux qui sont sur les mobiles (compt\u00e9 dans le temps de travail).  R\u00e9alisation des quotas horaires obligatoire si on veut que notre lead nous laisse tranquilles. Limiter le temps de discussion (surtout si les quotas ne sont pas atteints).  Des contr\u00f4les r\u00e9guliers des chariots sont effectu\u00e9s et une surveillance du travail est r\u00e9alis\u00e9e si des erreurs sont trop souvent afin d'y rem\u00e9dier.  Possibilit\u00e9 parfois d'\u00eatre form\u00e9 sur d'autres postes, d'apprendre d'autres choses.  Rencontre avec beaucoup de personnes tr\u00e8s sympathiques.  L'ensemble des leads et des managers sont assez accessibles dans l'ensemble.  L'aspect le plus difficile \u00e9tait la r\u00e9ussite des quotas quand la quantit\u00e9 des produits corrects ne suivait pas. Ou quand l'ordi avait des probl\u00e8mes ou pires, quand la lead \u00e9tait de mauvaise humeur et s'\u00e9prenait \u00e0 l'\u00e9quipe. Ainsi que de travailler plusieurs samedis de suite durant les grandes p\u00e9riodes comme No\u00ebl. Le plus agr\u00e9able \u00e9tait la solidarit\u00e9, la complicit\u00e9, l'humour et l'amiti\u00e9 qu'il y avait au sein de l'\u00e9quipe.  Bonne exp\u00e9rience dans l'ensemble. ", " Ma mission a amazon \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u2019effectu\u00e9 la pr\u00e9paration de commandes et les papiers cadeaux si le clients l'avait demander lors de sa commande sur le site ", " sehr gut, dort ist alles eigentlich perfekt, bis auf die Pausenzeiten, da man es dort nicht richtig schafft zu Essen, in der vorgegebenen Zeit. ", " PORT DE CHARGES TRES LOURDES TACHES MAL DEPARTAGEES CERTAINS POSTES N ONT PAS ASSEZ DE TRAVAIL ET D AUTRES BEAUCOUP TROP ", " Excellent endroit de travail. Bonne entente entre employ\u00e9s et sup\u00e9rieur. Souvent des animations sur le lieu de travail. ", " SEGUNDA SER INTERATIVO SATISFAT\u00d3RIA COMPANHEIROS O INICIO E A CONCLUS\u00c3O DO SERVI\u00c7O SABER QUE FOI BEM DESENVOLVIDO E SER RECONHECIDO POR ISSO ", " Lavoravo come magazziniere 8 ore al giorno su 3 turni, mi occupavo a prelevare le merci dagli scaffali oppure all'impaccamento dei prodotti.  ", " Meiner Meinung nach ist Amazon einer der besten Arbeitgeber in Berlin. ", " \u516c\u53f8\u4f18\u70b9\uff1a \u6bcf\u4e2a\u4eba\u90fd\u5f88nice\uff0c\u6c1b\u56f4\u5f88\u597d\uff0c\u953b\u70bc\u4eba\u3002 \u516c\u53f8\u7f3a\u70b9\uff1a \u65b0\u9879\u76ee\u5f88\u591a\uff0c\u9664\u5f00\u6210\u529f\u7684\u51e0\u4e2a\uff0c\u5176\u4ed6\u7684\u7b49\u4e8e\u5168\u516c\u53f8\u82b1\u7cbe\u529b\u505a\u5b9e\u9a8c\u3002 \u5efa\u8bae\uff1a \u63d0\u9ad8\u4e00\u4e0b\u6218\u7565\u89c4\u5212\uff0c\u548c\u5e02\u573a\u654f\u9510\u5ea6\u3002 ", " Excelente empresa y muy profesional. Gran ambiente de trabajo y compa\u00f1erismo ", " Sono un estetista, mi ocupo di prenotazioni, e della parte nail art, ricostruzione unghie, smalto semipermanente. ", " Travail agr\u00e9able nous apprenons pleins de chose en travaillant, \u00e9quipe g\u00e9nial ", " GENERALNIE OK, POLSKA FIRMA W UK, WIADOMO JAK JEST. BYLEJAKI STOSUNEK DO PRACOWNIKA. PRACOWNICY Z CALEJ UE. ", " schwere k\u00f6rperliche und stupide T\u00e4tigkeit ohne Chance auf \u00dcbernahme keinerlei Motivation ", " bonne exp\u00e9rience malgr\u00e9 les horaires parfois difficiles ainsi que la fatigue s'installant ", " ich habe dort im outbound packete verpackt und verschickt und einige kenntnisse im bereich lager-logistik aneignen ", " cette entreprise doit servir de tremplin il ne faut pas compter \u00e9voluer "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " Kommissionierung (Picker ) Verpackung ( Pack) Rechnungserstellung (Collate ) ", " sem restricao contra empresa,, em dia com seu pagamento ..tudo dentro das ordens,, empresa boa para trabalhar, ", " travailler pendant 3 mois mai j'ai du arreter car il a vraiment trop de cadance et quand sa va pas les manageur bouste encor plus ", " siehe erste Bewertung von Amazon  sehr stressig und nicht konstant ", " EMPRESA DE GRANDE PORTE MAIS COM BAIXA ESTRUTURA E POUCA OPORTUNIDADE DE CRESCIMENTO. ", " da hab ich neue arbeitsatmosphere entdeckt sogar neue kollege und das hat mir spass gemacht und hab ich auch vieles neues gelernt ", " tr\u00e8s mauvais entreprise je la d\u00e9conseille a tous, aucune consideration, mauvaise r\u00e9muneration, ne pas avoir peur de marcher, ", " TRABALHAR NESSA EMPRESA FOI MUITO PARA MIM APRIMORA MAS MEUS CONHECIMENTOS. ", " Place of work with the possibility of development and education. ", " boa de trabalhar . mas com muita falta de comunica\u00e7ao entre seu profisionais ", " unw\u00fcrdige Behandlung, Stress, kein Arbeitsklima, wird zuviel verlangt ", " Environnement de travail stimulant, enrichissant et en perp\u00e9tuel \u00e9volution. ", " Une bonne \u00e9cole pour apprendre la strat\u00e9gie logistique et offre plusieurs opportunit\u00e9s d'\u00e9volution. ", " c'est un travail agr\u00e9able sans trop de difficult\u00e9 particuli\u00e8re ", " Es macht schon spass wenn man mit den richtigen Leuten arbeitet ", " packer et etiqueter les commandes correctement afin qu'elles arrivent en bon \u00e9tat chez le client. ", " Travail speed o\u00f9 l'on connait pas l'ennui. Action R\u00e9p\u00e9titive, et peut faire mal au dos. ", " Ce fus toute de bonne experience proffessionnel, j'ai beaucoup apris pour chaque domaine. ", " Aprendi a interactuar mas con la gente y mediar conflictos. ", " war nur Aushilfe-schlechtes Klima der MA untereinander,eben Amazon "], [" Best Ecom place to work for highly ambitious professionals. Strong business acumen and hard working capabilities needed. Need to have cross functional knowledge as well to grow in the role. ", " \u00c9 uma \u00f3tima empresa, um ambiente agrad\u00e1vel para se trabalhar. ", " Kollegen sind nett und hilfsbereit. Der Job ist anstrengend. ", " equipo bueno, caf\u00e9 gratis, todo ordenado, bajo mi valoraci\u00f3n muy exigentes ", " empresa com alta confiabilidade em seus compromissos, dinamica. ", " Bonne exp\u00e9rience professionnel dans l'ensemble. Il manque juste du mat\u00e9riel ", " rapidit\u00e9,ponctualit\u00e9,beaucoup d'effort physique et de pression. ", " je travaill\u00e9 en tant que pr\u00e9parateur des commandes pendant 2 mois ", " travail tr\u00e8s physique et peu reconnu, ambiance \u00e0 l'am\u00e9ricaine ", " ganas de trabajar. estoy en paro. disponibilidad inmediata. coche propio ", " Ein typischer Arbeitstag begann mit 3.00 Uhr morgens aufstehen, 4.00 Uhr losfahren bis zu den Messeparkpl\u00e4tzen von Rheinberg, der uns zur Verf\u00fcgung gestellt wurde. Anschlie\u00dfend wurden wir mit angemieteten Reisebussen zum Haupteingang der Firma gebracht. 4.30 Uhr schnell zu den Spinten, wo wir unsere Taschen eingeschlossen hatten, Toilettengang und in der Kantine wurden die Wasserflaschen auff\u00fcllt. Dann musste man durch die Sicherheitsschleu\u00dfe gehen. Man musste sich elektronisch eingeloggen (Zeiterfassung) und nochmals in einer Anwesenheitsliste eintragen dann zum allmorgentlichen Wettlauf um einen guten Scanner zu bekommen. Punkt 5.00 Uhr Start Meeting mit hunderten von Mitarbeitern. Dann schnell auf dem Scanner einloggen und zu dem entsprechen Lagerort gehen, ein Cart mit zwei Kisten best\u00fccken und los gehts. Laut Auftr\u00e4ge, die auf den Scanner erschienen, ging man zum Lagerort. Die Artikel aus den Regalen, wurden erst kontrolliert, abscannt und dann entnommen, in Kisten gestapelt und f\u00fcr den Abtransport auf die daf\u00fcr vorgesehenen F\u00f6rderb\u00e4nder, vorbereitet. Es war eine bestimmte St\u00fcckzahl zu erreichen, die meistens nicht zu ereichen waren, ca. 100 Artikel in der Stunde. Die St\u00fcckzahl war deshalb nicht zu erreichen weil man auch zu anderen Lagerorten in anderen Hallen geschickt wurde. Amazon hat mehrere Hallen und ist insgesamt so gro\u00df wie 17 Fu\u00dfballfelder zusammen. Die Pause war um 9.30 Uhr, eine 3/4 Stunde. Die Scanner wurden in dem daf\u00fcr vorgesehenen Scannercage ablegt. Dadurch das man durch die Sicherheitsschleu\u00dfe mu\u00dfte waren 15 min verloren. Anschlie\u00dfend musste man sich ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> zum Essenholen anstellen, dort verlor man auch 15 min.  Es blieben also definitiv 15 min zum Essen und Toilettengang, Das Essen musste man auch herunterschlingen, um Platz zu machen f\u00fcr andere Mitarbeiter, die keinen Platz fanden. Dann zur\u00fcck durch die Sicherheitsschleu\u00dfe (Zeit miteingerechnet in den 15 min). Danach hetzte man zu dem Scannercages um sich erneut einen Scanner zu besorgen, aber meistens hatten andere Abteilungen sich in der Zwischenzeit, die besten Scanner schon rausgenommen oder sie wurden vor der Pause versteckt, und f\u00fcr uns blieben nur die langsamen Scanner \u00fcbrig. Toilettengang musste man morgens oder nach der Pause erledigen. Wir wurden st\u00e4ndig \u00fcberwacht mit Kameras oder von den CoWorkern. Die Manager waren in der Beurteilung stehts ungerecht, weil sie einige Leute bevorzugten indem sie die Auftr\u00e4ge im Computer manipulierten, so das Ihre Au\u00dferw\u00e4hlten immer ihre St\u00fcckzahl erreichten. Vetternwirtschaft nennt man das. Es wurde Tagt\u00e4glich min 20 km, wenn nicht noch mehr, gelaufen, bei einer sehr schlechten Bel\u00fcftung und in einem flotten Schrittempo. Fast t\u00e4glich wurden Mitarbeiter von einem Krankenwagen abtransportiert. Feierabend war gegen 14.45 Uhr. Es wurde schnell H\u00e4nde gewaschen und zum Spint gegangen, einige Spinte wurden auch Aufgebrochen vorgefunden. Mit dem Bus, der schon auf uns wartete und die in Minutentakte abfuhren, wurden wir zum Parkplatz gefahren  und von da aus sind wir  nach Hause gefahren. So gegen 16.00 Uhr waren wir zu Hause angekommen. "]]