[[" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Mostly it's not so hard but it's too. Boring..And if any buyer than it will be a more  boring ..And even we need to spend our own money ...While just like every job it so. Boring at the beginning..And it become habit...And most important the processing is too slow....... ", " Good company but turning a little biased towards employees. More focus on hiring IIT grads and also creating huge salary gap between employees. HR policies have improved other than salary normalization. ", " i like electronics work technician then communication skills project work like an embedded and pcb designing networking laptop technician i am fresher searching for job ", " the work there was a lot of fun and and environment really fast paced . we learned a lot of sales tactics in the environment. the target were easy to complete ", " No Comments, as haven't work with Samsung direct , worked through iEnergizer, average work place, no leaves, less benifits, good environment, try to celebrate occassion. ", " A lot of knowledge in gadgets..which are releasing into the market....  We will know about everything about the gadget features .a nice company with a full pledged manner.....a lot of good experience ", " To take my job .my typical job Samsung mobiles. Mobiles futures and Mop . Smiling face on to welcome customers.  Peoples are easily coming to on show room to easily. Hartest job in no theft incoming onsite to looking. No the full time employees to happy ", " This job has helped me a lot in gaining the experience about the sales, how to read customers mind and attract them to the new product for the meeting my targets. ", " Samsung Electronics doesnt have a good work life balance but on the hand its salary structure and benefits are really good which compensate for not so good management and not a good work life balance. ", " this job would give me lot of experience leading me to get a good placement in a highly familiar company i will really be very thankful to u if you provide this internship to me for 2 months thank you. ", " I feel I had become much better at delivering information efficiently.  I have learned that the real world is much different from what you learn in the classroom, that some things you learn are similar to what you were taught, but that for the most part learning is achieved through the process of doing. ", " I like to work With team  I have ability to work With my own knowledge Samsung is a better company Which its bring the new technology From smartphones ", " best productive and better work place good team management great bosses good environment good team work together very greatful to work with samsung great place for work i like working with samsung ", " Samsung is the one of the best company of the smartphone world . so good products are available in this company I m very happy work with this company thanks for my seniors &amp; junior. ", " last 7 years work with  mobile.have good exeprince and knowledge with team.i have 2 time win prize on customer satsifaction.i have manged all service center activitis and all types query. ", " its very good company ,work culture is good, sometimes have to work more when ending of the project time work pressure will be more, freshers can learn many things in this company ", " Samsung challenges you with the problems of new technology.  I have designed and developed bandwidth optimization in 360 degree video streaming.  I have implemented video repair algorithms from server streaming.  My seniors helped me understand the challenges of CCTV cameras and how to implement virtual movement in the captured videos.  Samsung made me understand the importance of data Security in Android and how do Digital rights management introduced in Mobile devices for multimedia systems.  Projects in Samsung are based on the the research ideas suggested by people working there. Every project I started with a brainstorming session in which you are shown the problem and desired objective. The task is to find the path, every person in the team have equal say and every meeting is concluded based on agreement between the members. It is the place you learn how technology works. ", " I was working with samsung. it was a very good for me but i didnt realize that tym and now i realize that king of job i can do...well it was a something good memory ", " Samsung it's good brand but work culture Is very bad there is valuable lesson from Samsung incentive part is very very bad cheeting brand actually office workers is lezy felos ", " Very bad management. Traditional way of working, not able to adapt with current employee policies of good employers. The management is not at all transparent. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " - Tasks are not assigned according to skill level.  - Management doesn't care. - Ideal for those looking for retirement company. ", " Mid Management is weak and highly beauracratic There are many incentives for innovation from employees Quality management is bad ..................... ", " My work in samsung care  Computer operator and software Department...... My job is good but i don't satisfied my  salery  So my main problem my salery this is my opinions ", " Samsung is the good retail company wich is provide the good sailry  as well as good incentives. And its give good product trening for our condidates. And its product is quality full. And good sale also. ", " Its most excited company we will get more salaty and incentive and we all team have fun together it was so cool place.i feel if u want to work u should be cool at working place ", " Actually the role i did in samsung was an activity conducted by samsung to promote their brand new product EBD 40/48 &amp; RMD 40/48 signage displays. There was no job security ,one the activity is over there is no job . ", " when a typical day at work.the employee refusing for work. I learned in our company how to control the employees by phone. my company management is very good ", " when i start my job carrier this is my first job its give me good experience and knowledge. but now i want change according to my lifestyle. its a good time with samsung but now i want next step of my carrier . ", " Good place to work as provides an exposure not only on the product side but also overall solutions side. Learned a lot from strategy to consulting and solutioning in the mobility practice ", " I really like to work with Samsung because of this company provides ample apportunities to learn and enhance our skills and the work environment is also cool ....... ", " Samsung is a  big brand company and there mobile are low to high rates available.there feature are easy to use.and there sale are to high.and in this time moat of the person use to samsung... ", " samsung is god smartphone samsung is very good mobile phone in all smartphone i love to do job in samsung companey i am alread use samsung smartphones ", " That was amazing as a fresher and Samsung Electronics was an good company.But that day i was suffering from jondis that's why i leave that job. ", " Samsung is a very good company as the rate of the mobiles is lesser then other companies ...And as per the look and design of the mobiles it's fabulous. . ", " Was very difficult to start my work as a fresher, i enjoyed the work though. meeting new faces and missing friends was bit embarrassed. but started getting used to it. ", " i worked for six months as a software Trainee . A typical 9 hours work from Monday to Saturday. I work on debug mobile chip set  and automation of library model. A good management with team .i work under two member.The hardest part is debug mobile chips as it is completely new for me and i also not from EC branch but i learned and enjoy my work . ", " Samsung Galaxy Android phone is easy too use in any way..  Like, games, internet, entertainment etc...  It has a good version.  Faster net... Etc ", " A good experience working with samsung good features in all phones and a good aperture too so cool brand and further working it will be my pleasure ", " Lots of new innovative projects are running where you can use your skills to prove  Workplace is very creative designed and its really fun to work  fun place to hangon ", " I am happy with company culture as working in Learning and Training deptt in Samsung for Jio 4G have upgraded my self and evolved with latest Technologies and their implementation. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Daily 8 hours work. Every week face new policy. Learn about management .Co-operative co-workers. Face to auditor every month. ", " Samsung is one of the best company in world, especially mobile phones are long life product.backup for service is most important the Samsung is done good job for customer satisfaction. ", " Learned to face the complaint customer in a professional way. Management was good. Co-workers was all so very good Facing guest was most enjoyable part. ", " \uf0a7\tHandling all Accounts related works up to finalization of Account.  \uf0a7\tHandling the bank &amp; cash transactions. \uf0a7\t \uf0a7\tAssesses daily sales report of different location and reconciliation of inter company balance stock. \uf0a7\tPreparation of monthly Sales Report &amp; Stock report as per management. \uf0a7\tPreparation of  Financial  reports, Statements, supporting schedules and accounts ", " Typical day was the first day of joining afterwards it was nice,it was good to learn about my work and teaming up to complete the targets,it was better work culture created by management to work in,they were quite cooperative and helpful,co-workers were good as well to work as a team and giving helping hand to each other creating better work place to work in,hardest as well as enjoyable part of the job was when the target was tough to be achieved. ", " Responsible work very hard working very dutiful work honesty work seriously working hours and daily routine work site office and outing travel about tenders and banking work ", " Gained knowledge about management skills. Learnt multi-tasking,  Its a nice place to work. Co-workers are also supportive.  Hardest part of the job is getting the things done in a unified manner as the company has different processes and each process works independently and sometimes in silos. So to integrate them and work under one roof is the most challenging work but also interesting once it is achieved. ", " Good TO Join With Samsung , Product n all good Quality. Knowledgeable All Information given in training.full time job. salary basis . we work for giving good service to customers.job experience very nice. ", " Korean company Good in research and development leader in phone market and CE business is investing a lot in new business areAS ", " Global exposure.Few set of seniors have been a support in career path progression. I have gained global exposure by working at headquarters Korea and for my current project close interaction with JV like Petrofac. ", " Goodness as a value may take some framing for it to effectively motivate and guide behaviour.Reliable products must possess quality.The team structure, which assigns projects to empowered employee groups, brings out creativity. The standard top-down, bureaucratic structure tends to discourage it ", " i am very thankful to my previous organizations because i have learnt a lot of things from there and my seniors co-workers are very cooperative to me the hardest part of the job is preparing students financial documents of visa , and the most enjoyable part is when we complete our targets .     Samsung electronics its a grate place to learn sales and marketing and management is very good they teach me and guide me lot the hardest part was archiving targets and the most enjoyable part is doing promotion in the market . ", " It was fun working there the team was very good and helpful with good knowledge of project. The managment is also good with good working enviroment. ", " I want to work with A union &amp; i want i make my work welldon. Two years computer opreter in jwellary work . three&amp; half year in reebok  store . ", " a overall good organization. However can be much better. There are many areas of improvement. Probably not all areas are same. ", " Unforgettable working place. Nice work culture. Full support from management. Learned lot of thing about 4G LTE technology. learned little bit hindi to speak. ", " Its a nice place to know about technology. Satisfying customers is good to me. I really enjoyed in working in samsung service center. ", " Its good to say you about the management of the samsung company and staff members of the company. The management of samsung is   over all good and helping nature member. I have learned how to cooperate with the customers and give satisfactory to the customers by my service. My colleagues were good to support. The hardest part of my work is i want to be with every customers to present my service. My enjoyable part of the work is when their is no customers in the store. ", " Good Culture and working atmosphere chances to learn new thing which is beneficial for coming days overall a good chance to develop my personality ", " Learned about new technologies innovated by samsung. Working with the best management. Supporting ceniors. Enjoyable part is achieving more than targets. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Very less to learn, and dominating management which wont allow you to do anything freely but as per managements instructions. ", " I am fully satisfied with my company management and co-workers...I got an opportunity to develop my knowledge and skill through my company..It was a great experience with them.. ", " I learned how face to different type of customers and i learned moving all company products. [Mobile] I like this job and I want to learn more about it. This field is very interesting and enjoyable. ", " Not a healthy work culture. R&amp;D units have almost no say in anything. Everything is controlled by HQ. Very strict policy, not much trust on employees ", " Provides best environment for the employees to develop ideas and implement them in the future projects.  Highly standard technology and software used in the development of various new designs ", " patient is what i learned here . learned lot about mobile &amp;history i have natural interest in the mobile which made me consecutive incentive  achiever ", " Working at Samsung has taught m a lot of discipline. Apart from gaining knowledge on Wireless technologies- UMTS and LTE, I have learnt  about time management, deadline sensitivity. ", " samsung is my best experience ever. i learn how to do team work. i learn handle customers n work with so many people with trust n polight way as a senior sales executive i learn good things with enjoyment.. ", " Good Place to work. Cutting Edge Technology. Number one consumer product company. Good Pay. Nice medical and other benefits. Good environment. Need to improve work life balance. ", " Good company having lots of good product and good opportunity to work on cutting edge technology. the work life balance is not so good though. ", " Highly Productive Korean Culture Very Fast Career Growth Many Onsite opportunities Great Exposure to Top trending technologies ", " I am good in work but sometimes target should be not completed that time I feel very bad.  I am trying my best to improve my work. ", " worked with the company as a fresher,its a good copany for the freshers and they are mostly focused in man power supply.the management gives full support at work. ", " It was a great experience doing work with them . I learned alot about LTE project in their trainings and demonstrations. Co- Workers are so good in nature . ", " Simply I can say they support all the ways in all the way like technically, documents, and site supervises. I learn preparing documents. ", " Great work place for dynamic peoples Numerous chances to learn new technology and methodology. Think hard and work smart is the theme for work place. ", " \uf0de\tPreparation Outstanding Statements, Account Statements, etc. Adept in working in a SAP environment \uf0de\tProject Accounting preparing monthly summary report of cost data of project and its reconciliation with the expenditure shown in the conventional accounts and furnish it to the concerned authorities \uf0de\tLiasioning with the Statutory and Internal auditors for quarterly and yearly audit and other consultants.  \uf0de\tVerifying Vendor Reconciliation and Bank Reconciliation \uf0de\tChecking &amp; Booking of Bills/ RA Bill with Contracts/Po's &amp; WO's, subcontractors invoice suppliers, consultant invoices and accordingly releases payments \uf0de\tActively participation for development and implement of SAP   \uf0de\tFixed Assets Accounting  \uf0de\tPayroll Accounting \uf0de\tPreparing all documents relating to foreign remittance for import of goods and other then Import \uf0de\tSupervision and administration of accounts and other records   Taxes &amp; Statutory \uf0de\tEnsuring all taxes i.e. Service Tax, TDS, PF, ESIC, PT, WCT and Income Tax etc paid before due date \uf0de\tPreparing  ETDS Quarterly returns (24Q, 26Q &amp; 27Q)  \uf0de\tPreparing of half yearly Service Tax, MVAT returns  \uf0de\tHelping to Senior for assessment and notice received from Income Tax, Service Tax, TDS and Sales Tax department etc. MIS \uf0de\tPreparing Daily cash flow monitoring report  \uf0de\tPreparing Monthly profitability reports in the format required by management  \uf0de\tPreparation of Fund Requirement on a Weekly / monthly basis.  Finance and Banking\t\t  \uf0de\tTracking the compliance between lenders and company and Liasioning and maintaining relationship with the banks. ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> \uf0de\tMonitoring cash flow on the operations of the company to review the cash position and forecast fund required for numerous expenses. ", " i have learned working procedure of samsung. And I felt very good job by Samsung.and the management of samsung company is very good more then other company.. ", " Normally  its about solving the issues. And  most of the times its way too much to handle. Co workers are fine. The bad part is management system is very rough. ", " Management Politics and rumours are the killers not good to work , if you want to learn and improve your life and career  Deficiency of 1 sec will also be calculated after 10am. Factory type management mindset. Managers have no professionalism "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Whenever audit is come that days work load very heavy but I manage all things. Work with illiterate staff but output not effected. In last job after my resigned management given me award that I feel proud my self. ", " A great company to work with..awesome work culture...great support .. after working with this company i came to know the difference between samsung and any other company....samsung is a leader in electronics..and samsung justifies it ,this is because of the employees working here and the managment... ", " Awesome place to work as well as great time with co-workers. Had a phenomenal company culture centered around a work hard-play hard environment. ", " I had been worked in a Samsung for a product marketing Samsung S5 mobile phone ,in and around the city. of Chennai,India .the event work which i did was a pretty easier job which i loved it and i achieved my target ,the workers who worked with me was so friendly,and the environment was cool. ", " I use to learn everyday while translation new documents and meeting new person. All of the team member works very cooperatively. ", " I have a big strength to adapting the new envirment  Samsung such a big MNC company to do the continuously working here  In my view in the Samsung lot learning ", " i learned about teamspirit  how to sell phones how to deal wid customes mainly after working in samsung i earned how to live the life ", " i have learned there how to use your skills at corporate level. before join samsung i just have knowledge of spi and autocad. but now i know  how to use them correctly. ", " Diverse technologies and opportunities Poor HR Policies, too much strict about work timings HR should learn to trust employees More visibility required at Management Level for Employees ", " the company i work  good is samsung  it is enjoyable and fun to work in this job ,small things i learned from this company after i loss this company because my leave because my sick ", " Biasing is at peak here, Managers play with all employees and favour only those who are there friends, hard work is least respected, the only thing which matters is how much buttering a employee can do the manager. ", " Job culture not good and u cant mange ur official and personal life and work hours till work not finished ", " that was actually easy job and that was not upto my qualification ", " Brand value...Global presence but subsidiary management is not upto mark. Job security fear spoil the work culture environment, ", " I had to build up my product knowledge in order to keep up with customer queries, but always managed to learn the particulars of the job well and never faced any issues with that regards... ", " learning how to interact people+giving technical knowledge+friendly environment+i enjoyed my work+friendly co-worker+co-operative colleague+good management ", " Productive and fun working place but management layer is driven by HQ (Korea) ", " Samsung care is very good company properly customer satisfaction     good working time Samsung every product is very good &amp; branded product  i better understand customer how to talk with the customer how to respond to it. very good staff create job sheet and close job sheet ", " Good for me to engage &amp;get knowledge I would like to work more &amp;more with the team. ", " Samsung India, Bangalore Labs is very good place to work for someone who is coming fresh out of college. It broadens your learning horizon an fastens learning curve too. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Overall Samsung is very good but new in telecom.All policies are made for sales and retails.It is good to be the part of Samsung.The Samsung is doing   largest LTE project in India (Reliance Jio 4G project ).Here i have to work 6 days a week because Jio remains open on Saturday . ", " Samsung is one of the best company with good salary structure and good lifestyle. ", " Samsung is a good company to work if have passion toward your job. Good office culture with cooperative team. ", " Typical Day: Gathering requirements Talking to clients Brainstorming ideas Development Training  Most enjoyable part of the job: Client Interactions Applications that feature in the store immediately Working with smart people ", " I was an intern at Samsung, my expectations from this internship were that I would learn a lot about corporate environment, which I did.My superior's were very helpful to me when they could.  Even thou the internship was highly oriented towards technology development, I still had various opportunities to learn about the other aspects such as marketing, finance etc ", " a typical day at work what you learned management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job ", " Good one.The working culture is very hectic in manufacturing sector. ", " UX workshop:- We got a great experience on that day all SRI-N was there to experience our workshop. Technovate participation:- we have represented some innovative ideas. Happy feet Dance compition:- Participated in a Group Dance with my co-workers Enjoying alots:)  A typical day at work:-  once i found my self respect is getting hurt. The hardest part of the job:- As such nothing. ", " Here is no guarantee to secure our future and not received salary on time ", " Good products and learn the basics. Myself first join as a Service Engineer and then promote as Asst. Trainer in LCD Plasma, DVD, Home theater serive ", " The company provide several benefits to its employees but the employees are forced to work under extreme pressure and most of the time have to complete there tasks within near to impossible deadlines. ", " I started my safety career in this company. I am very happy that, I was a part in that company. ", " My Job was not so challenging. Otherwise Company is very good. ", " its a good company to learn new software and to improve work quality. In samsung work culture is nice and specially for womans very safe and comfortable environment is provided. ", " Good for freshers and good compensation and benefits. But there is no work / life balance. ", " a typical day at work what you learned management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job DO NOT include any personally identifiable information, such as names. ", " 1) not Bad 2) How Sales In Store. 3) Very Poor 4) Good 5) When i dint get my salry in 1 half month. 6) nothing ", " nice to work with samsung process was accesing high end smartphones like note 3 and galaxy golden and now s5 ", " seniors are very helpful. they always show us how to work. how to achive target.. ", " as its my first job , get lot to learn from there..the working culture is new to me ...help to work as a team to increase our scores etc.... "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Good management of my previous office , have to tell about my Team leader .nice person to give clear explain in all my doubts ", " Starting time Morning 08:00 to evening 6:00, and starting with 10 Minute physical exercise with all mangers and staff. Once works started confirmed day before work completion and than new assignment and day to day required update. Lunch Time 1 to 2 literally almost sleep and getting good enough rest for further work. sometimes we need to stay for pending work, or by manager requisition.  So many things learned, but most import is learned from the Korean staff that love our job and do it with all the efforts and complete in time. Time and management punctuality.  Management very co-operative, when and where required they are giving full support. Giving us take the decision by own and giving opportunity to work on front foot.  All the co-workers having good peace of mind, and that is why no contradiction among us. Whatever work assigned as team work everybody give their best support to each other.  Solve out the Local public issue, where everybody approach to the company making environment dangerous. The day when we are celebrating team building part with all family members at picnic place.  All together its having great time with the company. ", " i worked in good company.many times store closed late because its retail .Management is a average.My co worker are good.The hardest part of the job when i want a leave maximum time i not get.The enjoyable part is my achievement means when i fulfill the target. ", " i love to do and cook like that Samsung \u2013 Chennai /India Microwave chef \u2013 Demonstration  Since 06 Jan 2014 to till date  Making 03 Dish everyday / Soup - Main Course - Dessert/ Explanation of how to Cook /Timing/Temperature/Handling/Cleanings      Le Duplex \u2013 Pondicherry / INDIA  Sous Chef  &amp;  Sr.Sous Chef     Since \u2013 09.01.2010  to 21.12.13  24 hours coffee shop with 63 covers Preparing Indian, South Indian, Arabian and Grill food  Easy menu planning, grand buffet in weekends and holidays  Taking care of catering orders and store (dry&amp; cold), Purchase order &amp; delivery check up  Managing kitchen and kitchen staffs of 18   Royal Caribbean Cruise Line \u2013 US base  Freedom of the seas - First Cook \u2013 Asian cuisine     08 months \u2013 contract  Since 11.10.08 to 23.06.2009  Royal Caribbean Cruise Line \u2013 US base  Freedom of the seas - Second Cook   - Asian cuisine 08 months \u2013 contract  Since 14.11.07 to 23.07.2008 ", " There was nice cooperation from staff and other members. Working environment was average ", " Im happy with my work learned about the upcoming smartphones about new technologies. managing with my team leader and learned to handle the team  had lots of support my family and colleagues. ", " this is a good company , very good technology, but the location is mumbai so i am unable save money currently i am seeking job for abroad ", " I want to work everyday I learned that hardwork is the key of success I want to work from home . ", " 1) First day of my joining 2) convert the customer to our product 3) superb 4) rivals  5) to sell the costly product to middle class family 6) end of the month when i get my salary + incentives ", " * Good learning * Technical decisions * Handling team * Good co-workers * Time management * Collegues ", " it is a fun work where I would like to work every day . Because I am gadget loving person I love latest gadgets and latest technology. I love to interact with different people to know their needs. ", " My day start at 9 am morning I take a small meeting if some new scheme come I have to plane and implement in my market ,than market visit solve dealer   problem and full fill the requirement of dealer ...Dealer want every think solve in 2 days but its not possible to solve problem in 2days it will take some time,,, ", " i have learned many curios thing.. i appreciate yhe management.. my co workers is supporting me all time... nothing to b hardest.... next is what that the enjoyable thing of samsung employers ", " a typical day at work     what you learned     management     your co-workers     the hardest part of the job     the most enjoyable part of the job ", " gained efficiency and proficiency, trainers were the best, their training program was so impressive, learned things with a deep understanding , co-workers , supervisor and manager were so good . ", " Samsung is one of the leading Organisation in Mobile Technology and other Electronics products. Provides a work-friendly environment with opportunity.  Here, I have enhance my testing as well as co-ordination skills during   my working tenure. ", " poor work life balance. A typical day at work depends on the project Good place to learn new technologies. Poor management process.   ", " first day of job. present market position. good management. friendly nature. comfortable to work with less stress.  ", " A typical day of my work was when stock came at showroom and, I manage that, I learn many thing from that , it was my first offical job which i did in samsung at Moga , also i did fun with co-worker, I have good understaninh with them, office timing also suitable for me, according to me nothing hardest part of the job, my first job experiance was good ", " I worked there long back , but Samsung has transformed in to a very international company now. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " 3 days continuos staying in company day and nights  How to be in the office  is very well   ", " Company with Princples. Proper working hours. Here one learns what actually the corporate culture is. All my colleagues are very cooperative. The hardest part of the job is to make so many reports but then also every one is making those reports. The most enjoyable part is work culture. ", " SAMSUNG india I a very healthy career growing organisation ", " Learnt about What Administration is all about. Employees are very cooperative nothing hard..I take it as a challenge. I learnt new things from my mistakes. ", " I m now working with Everest Communication distributor of samsung mobile as a backend boy. Many of thing i learn there like management of files, office document and m also work on Logic for billing and invoice mangement. M also creat credit note of dealers. My co-workers like FOS &amp; Dilevery boy is also good nature. My hardest part of the job is when m join the job because then i don't know more about software and i can't understand company schemes but now m working on Core Stocky and Logic also. ", " Got to learn a lot of new things . It was a 25 member team . There was an onsite team in US, with whom there were frequent meetings. Sometimes there were times when things got tight unexpectedly and we had to put in a lot of extra time than what was assumed , but things were done by the deadline. Overall it was a good learning experience. ", " I have the company in temporarily job for the supervisor assistant my work is bill received &amp; Gate Pass company . &amp; salary is 5500 work only Six month . ", " By working at that place i come to know about so many good skills like time management , Positive and responsive attitude and professional. The use of telephone, email, the internet and face to face meetings to communicate with customers. ", " 1. Everyday I enjoyed work.  2. I learned things morally rather than just for work purpose.  3. very good management in all levels.  4. very good co-workers to work with.  5.leaving the job is the hardest.  6. With co-workers. ", " A day to samsung can be quite challenging or quite fun and mostly it is both. People are generally very supportive and thrive under pressure. At the same time , they are quite jovial and fun loving. ", " start with good day i learn how to talk and express products also gain knowledge how operate mobiles and laptops ", " My day at samsung starts with development activity. I got opportunity to work the technologies like Curl, Android, Windows mobile application development(currently).  Management is not satisfactory since they agree with what ever teh customer says blindly.  The hardest part working in samsung is changes in the technology which I was working. But there is no much Java/J2EE work. ", " I proud work with this company, here every day i learn somthing new, meet new and new customer every day, learned how to setisfied with samsung service. so helpful our friend who working with me that time, and last thing is you do not know even how post whole day in doing work. ", " Management is the best part in samsung,awsome management system in samsung ", " handling store, stocks , cash and doing all inventory work. ", " Good salary, but working environment is tough. Work quality depends upon project to project. ", " Company having good workplace environment with motivational factors like R&amp;D in technologies. ", " The work environment at the corporate offices was very cutthroat and competitive. Extremely high stress and constant micro managing and reporting. Unable to make decisions on the go without prior request and approvals of upper management. ", " Samsung compensated for hard work. Earned a Bonus nearly every quarter for the 19.5 years I worked there. Excellent benefits and work environment. Great company to work for. ", " Extremely difficult to get things done unless you're Korean and terrible, political culture. The brand and products are extremely good and if you can find your way through the organisation it can be rewarding. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Small teams were common and the daily routine was acceptable. Employees were polite to each other and always dressed formally in order to keep business presence in the office. Generally very positive thoughts about this job. ", " Company has you sign in to my single with a game to play then has I.T. look up to see how much time you are playing games at work. Just terminated 17 people for Playing games. Must be Korean to keep your job or helps them stay here in America. Stop buying there Junk! ", " such a great place to work, would refer people there any day anytime. learned that customers come first and working with people around could make a job easier ", " Samsung is the best school you can have for your career, you learn a lot from working there, everything is done following processes but you still have room for creation and initiative. The business trips are quite an opportunity since you can improve your resume (trainings) or visit foreign countries and learn new practices, success stories, ... But the working hours are sometimes very long and your personal life could be affected. The working environment and atmosphere are positive but competitive. ", " Samsung has supported my professional goals. This is a challenging industry, with very little margin of error. It can therefore get tough at times, but Samsung's ability to turn around quickly is impressive. And they never fire good engineers. ", " no strict rules that we can follow it, every day is an invention for a new rule and policy. depending on the situation or the case happened. which means no managerial mentality can be respected for their decisions ", " to be one of Samsung member, you need to know that the work there is hard not easy and you will work under pressure all the time and you will have a lot of work and reports. ", " i quit because they made emplyees liable and i didnt want to be a party to patent theft.  they have emplyees there that do drugs and the leads think they can deligate your breaks given by law, ", " Support offered all the time via conference calls and training sessions. Close relationships with management; helps when you have requests and need extra assistance. ", " Anybody with drive and ability is constantly in a 'warzone' with other like people. This is fostered by the senior managers, and the Korean expats.  Every month is a \"disaster\" as far as achieving targets. Much like a modern day slave driver.  You will have NO work/life balance.  It will just be all work.  And the HR group is in NO position to help.  As a matter of fact, misinformation from HR can actually put your job in jeopardy.  Happy to be released from the horrible cycle. ", " -  a good company with very supportive management and Korean co-workers. They would definitely provide you assistance and a good team with regards to work. ", " A typical day at work, is meeting for pass down, with the last shift, finding out what tools are down, and what tools are priority, then getting our work assignment. We usually meet with upper management about once every three months, unless we have a problem or a new work order. The culture  at times can be stressful and at other times can be refreshing,it's always changing, it depends on the individual, the team and Leadership.I don't no if i can say my job was hard, but it was a high demand on the individual daily, doing reports, interlocks, PM's, entering the part and serial numbers, of the parts we took out and the ones we installed, 5S,   sending out dirty parts, keeping the work station clean,looking up charts, posting charts,wet cleans, locating mobile scrubbers,some time we worked with gas mask, locating air tanks, keeping SOP opened, and learning to deal with the always changing environment.what I enjoyed most about my job , was to see a tool that I worked on, up and running in a good time with no issues. ", " i worked in sumsung campany soldering position but no enogh money its 9 dollar per hour and i use to drive 30 minutes per day i cost lot of gas but i do have good exprience for soldering cell phone ", " Excellent company excellent team excellent incentive Excellent pay excellent working time excellent commission excellent holiday packages excellent job ", " Work culture was fun and management work with employees to make the environment the best as possible. Make it easier to their employees to give their best and work efficiently.  I learned a lot from my manager as well as other departments. ", " i would say its a good company to work for the brand is strong lots of knowledge hardest part of my job was everyday merchandising shelf share friendly enviroment ", " To be successful, you must evolve and reinvigorate.  Samsung gets this and demands that its employees do to.  Constantly on your toes and ready to act and move, employees and management adapt to new market conditions in order to innovate, stay relevant and keep the leadership position.  You will hard-pressed to find such a unique and temperamental work culture.  Colleagues all get it and we become a fraternity of flexible and adaptable performers.  I loved it! ", " Excellent way to give your audiovisual work a window to the world of video creator, and big brands. A chance to get closer to big companies ideas, and the platform is very friendly in order to conect people with campaigns around the globe. ", " - Backdated Korean management style - Limited advancement opportunities - Limited opportunities to explore ideas/creativity - Although MNC, still very Korean based ", " Nice people. But I am looking to relocate and try different opportunities. MY time has come to an end as well as i do not have anything else to say about this "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " It was a great environment. I was able to work with a diverse group of people. People from India and Mexico. Workers spoke different languages but we were all able to work together because the work was easy to catch on too. ", " When i lost some documents its typical day at my work Easy Filling system management is good work place also good Final Documentation At site office work ", " Installation of cable tray. And termination of lighting panel. Street lighting pole, cathodic protection installation. Grounding system. Conduiting, fire alarm installation, CCTV camera installation with termination ", " Great competition, giving a good incentives. Training session are good. Promotions are very competitive. Awarding people who are excellent performers. ", " Samsung is a best company to work with , Iam huge fan of SAMSUNG mobiles i cant just use any other mobile other than Samsung . About the work environment it was perfect everyone was very cool . ", " working with dignity &amp; honestly, i profiled my work in different situation,i love my work with full faith. i really very thankful for giving good opportunity in this field ", " I worked here for one month exactly. The software they use SAP is horrible. The Greenville office is so ghetto and ANYONE can definitely be a supervisor. Turnover rate is VERY high. ", " New to the semiconductor field i experienced for the first time working over night. Cafeteria for the second shift major plus ! Unfortunately unknown reason for why im unable to return. ", " good company i spent a good time there attractive salary good accomodation really good job leave after every 7 months for 17 days air ticket from company food from company everything nice nice security no fear it is multinational company ", " The typical day is fueled by self motivation. As a team, we consisted of around 20 members including the team and regional manager. We did not work in a central location and most internal work was done from home, this includes emails, internal issues, daily conference calls, etc. In addition, there were regular training and product courses to do outside of \"retail time\".  Retail time refers to time we used to manage store accounts, visiting 5-8 accounts per day. This includes 50-80 retail stores depending on the territory assigned. In this role, we trained sales reps on selling techniques, helping customers, product features, as well as furthering knowledge and benefits of the Samsung product ecosystem. Aside from training many and managing multiple accounts, coordinating sales events and customer interaction events were things we did to help educate our customers as well as foster and build a good relationship between the store leadership and ourselves/company.  Every day varied to a high degree, from solving problems, holding sales events, hosting training events, spending time training store reps on top of handling internal issues and responsibilities.   Management varied in degree from good to outstanding, The organizational setup was fractured to say the least, as part of the team was handled by Samsung direct and the other half handled by a contracted company. This means the managers for one team each work for separate companies. This left a lot of room for communication gaps, delays in fixing problems, getting issues resolved, etc.   Culture was great, though ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> we worked basically independently there was a strong community atmosphere where team member help was always available via electronic chat.  The hardest part of the job was work/life balance. Driving over 100 miles a day between 7 or 8 in store hours and coming home to do the other half of the job made it very difficult to keep stress low and find time for personal interests. For instance, 7 day weeks would be declared with little to no warning as well as compensation changes and other organizational modifications.  The most enjoyable part of this job was handling my own territory and seeing my clients succeed. Receiving multiple compliments and requests for my presence. I received a number of complementary messages from clients to my management which is at the top of the list. Watching the individuals I trained improve in their position and increase their sales numbers, seeing client sales improve, and building relationships that made me feel like I was part of the clients team itself -being invited to exclusive events and outside sales events- was very rewarding. Especially being preferred over numerous representatives in similar positions to mine from competitor companies. ", " interesting company. like to work.worked there for a few years. enjoyed. people were good. poor management. they did not have direction, vision... ", " I'm working 8 hours a day I learned a lot on how to communicate different people and also its helps me a lot to develops my communication skills. ", " interacting with different customers that come to the counter everyday.managing all cash transaction and making daily sales report at the end of the night.i enjoy dealing with lot of people and getting friends with them sothat they always comeback in the shop. ", " Installation Cable Tray and Conduit,Termination of Panel,Termination of Fire alarm ,Smoke Detector Preparation of Drawing and document ", " Samsung made my experience awesome very professional and very good at cultivating talent to be better. Excellent on the job training, Awesome benefits. Samsung is so big  they have a tendency to contract segments of there  Infrastructure to bad contractor with terrible sub culture. ", " We ensure that all customers receive excellent service through direct salesmanship and prompt and courteous service. Being a sales promoter with our main responsibility being to expand the awareness and visibility of the brand owned by his/her employer and work towards its popularity and advertising. We are main responsible for administrating various contract terms with clients and closing deals which can bring about profit to the company or the brand. ", " A typical day at work requires you to make sure that your territory and displays are well kept. In addition to that, you must make sure that your customers are cognitive and understand of the deals and specials the store is offering. ", " Samsung is great place to work. The benefits are excellence and if go to shift work its even better due to the days off. Team work is very important to Samsung. ", " - Conservative, hierarchical and inefficient work culture - Long working hours (often after regular business hours, on weekends)  - Good salary - Brand-new and clean office building ", " I worked hands on with Samsung. It was a great environment to work in. Limited opportunities to move up within the ranks. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Good stepping stone to gain sales experience and grow learning everything about Samsung products and features. Doesn't quite have many career advancement opportunities. Need to have an energetic, passionate can-do attitude. Be fearless. ", " Strive to get efficiently of the stores day to day running by training and equipping floor sales people to have the right knowledge of the products. ", " Retail Consultant and Hybrid Tech Support, made for a fun work day, however, retail hours and no benefits make it hard to remain with the company for long. ", " We shipped broken TV panels to be repaired. It was a warehouse setting. All employees were well treated and compensated. ", " Good work environment great benefits very happy in what i did for 5 years, sadly i had to quit my job do to my high risk pregnancy. I learned a lot from management is a good company to grow in. ", " This job is a great starter job if you are trying to get into BMW. It has a very friendly lay back environment. While being fast past at the same time. I only left because ri went off o college ", " Convinient and so many ideas and experience i've learned. Safety environment and good cooperation from the lowest to highest personnel of the company ", " Fast paced, many disparate systems with cross cultures across North America Headquarters, Global headquarters and regional offices working independently versus in unison. ", " excellent support from management and it was down to lower class also, the benefit is  very nice every year increment in sallary as well as position with other facilities ", " Excellent and informative. Always learning and developing skills.  Typical days solving tech issues. It was difficult fixing tech over the phone. ", " A typical day at work was mostly selling to customers, teaching customers about technology and building relationships with management. I go up and beyond everyday to do things outside my job description to show that i am a team player. i also get to meet new people and help them trouble shoot on their Samsung devices that they bring into the store. ", " Great place to work. Fun and very fast paced place to be. You will enjoy it. I am sure as long as you like sales. Also you need to be active and vocal. ", " Usually your find yourself doing nothing, The job is not difficult. Selling is easy and most of the work is done by best buy employees. However you will be criticized by others for no reason. Customers will come to you and complain about best buy employees and regulations. ", " Working for Samsung can be boring and fun at times, its nice when it get busy but it could be very boring when its really slow. Management is alright, not enough hours. ", " Samsung provided a fun environment gave us all the new gadgets in order for us to use, enjoy and learn from their products. They provided us with all sorts of benefits and freedom for sales event planning and marketing. ", " good management,good people at work,.work place is good i enjoyed it.i learned a lot because i've been working with different kinds of people from different country.ive learned to be more active and independent,work hard and friendly. ", " Honestly working at samsung was a learning exprience the manager was a piece of work. You wont have a life just work all the time. Constanty demanding to make unfair sales goals. Work only if desperate ", " Taking on the lead role of the TECH program has taught me a lot about management. I learned so much about Samsung products. ", " Great work environment, training team is awesome people.are willing to assist if needed. Operating systems fairly simple operate, logging in and out is a simple task ", " The HR Team is doing transformation work aligned with our business strategy and core values.  In addition, the HR Team works cross functionally in supporting the business. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Samsung Is an Excellent Place to Work. Great Experience Friendly Staff and Awesome Customers and customer Experience. it also has awesome opportunities to Grow and Excel In. ", " Any given day is absolutely very exciting, working with both companies, Best Buy and Samsung. I learned how to build better relationships with both customers and associates alike. Having the point of view of  both management and associate roles helped me better understand the culture of the work environment. The hardest part of my job was the technology aspect of tech support, and the most enjoyable part was working with the people. ", " Pay is average when compared to like jobs with different companies but its hard to pass up because of the day to day work environment. Slow progression You will stay in your role for many years Below industry pay ", " Job security can be lacking a bit as you are there for a campaign period that gets extended every 3 months by 3 months. Meaning your job can end anytime. The job itself is fulfilling and gives you plenty of time to yourself. You are technically your own boss and a ambassador for Samsung within the store you are delegated to. Good hrs and ability for make relationship with the store to further benefit you and help you with your job. ", " A productive company in the world of telecommunication and every thing new in the world of technology. A good person in marketing can find alot of success there. ", " You cannot sit down at all even there are no customers and no task to do. Only 2 employees caused little to no room for sick days or time off, no clear direction of company. ", " I will miss working here. Great atmosphere and great benefits. Time to move on and find the company that truly needs my expertise. Would recommend them to anyone. ", " Do not have current review as of now but will give review soon later in the next couple of months of this year. For now, Samsung has been fun working. ", " great company to work for, reward staff in the correct way. I have learnt alot from my time at samsung, and contnue to do so, this is a company that constantly move forward and innovate in many ways. ", " Working for Samsung was a great experience. They hire great people, so the work environment was excellent.  The disappointing part was that Management was handcuffed by decisions that had to be made in Korea, therefore many opportunities to grow the business for our group were lost. ", " There is a creative and innovative work culture where ideas in technology are shared and developed through interpersonal relationships, brainstorming and focus groups. ", " There is a lot of interacting with the employees at the Best Buy that I was based in.  I enjoyed the relationship of the customers that I was able to build up. The hardest part of the job but not impossible was all the learning of so many devices that came out. Also the ways things kept changing so much. ", " Great fun working with so many types of technology, meeting passionate customers and fans of the brand. With the fast evolution of technology it's great fun to keep up to date. ", " Samsung is a korean company that deals in home applieinces n mobiles communications gain alot confidence through dealing with local n internation customers ", " Very hard to work in conditions Angola is providing. Lot's of construction materials are not available in/on the local markets and as one of the results, lot's of time is wasted and deadlines are impossible to meat ", " Very long hours No assistance from manager good AP team No recognition from manager. If you send an email, usually you get an answer, not there Too much Korean speaking, if you don't, you will feel bad ", " This is a Korean based company and they demand a lot from you. Management expects you to not talk back and accept their ideas, no matter how insane. They expect you to work long hours and will look down on you if you refuse. Most of the people are great to work with but beware of the managers. The pay is good and the benefits are excellent. However, the stress put on the employees has caused physical ailments, with people having to leave due to health. ", " The Job was very easy the training wasn't so much.  I liked the people that I worked with, never a duel moment.  The hours where great, pay was great. ", " i say it is a great place to work bit it is different for each department because the people there are cool but everyone has their ups and downs every where ", " Productive and fun place to work. Must have self discipline, drive, and motivational skills to become top 10 in company. Very fun environment and very advance technology to challenge you. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Samsung Austin Semiconductor is a great place to work especially starting out of college. The wages are very competitive. However, the hours are long and there is not much room for growth. ", " Happy &amp; very much compatible for my skillde.the management are very helpful to ther  workers specially labor..all of the activities in the job site  are very much easy ", " Great company with good pay and benefits. The company is very innovative and fun place to work. Management it's very proactive and problem solving skills. ", "  \tBusiness should depends on data   \tExtreme target driven   \tSupport each other to be a winning team  \tChange immediate where requires ", " Pros: Great benefits, state of the art technology, decent cafeterias, good gym, basketball court, pool tables Cons: Hard to advance if you were not an employee pre LSI conversion, some knowledge that the older techs have they do not share, management plays favorites, basically the same cons you'll find at any job. ", " This is a great company to work at one which provided a 5 glass environment for their worker.and also would recruitment  this to anyone seeking a job in the electronics industry. ", " Great management team, fun working place, people are friendly and accommodating, great compensation benefits. Clean environment and safety as a number one priority. ", " I was worked as QA/QC inspector in batch plant to casted new concrete piles. Every day in this project I was made cube test for concrete and check calibration for batch plant plus check cage of steel and mold before casting concrete. ", " I really enjoyed working at Samsung , management was not good ,  they did not take employees to office to discuss anything that might be wrong ", " Excellent place to work in. It gives me the opportunity of working with people who know their work and are serious towards it. Making the company prosper is what we really aim for everyday. Amazing work environment providing equal opportunities to everyone. Always feel blessed and proud to be the part if them. ", " I worked at both Plano &amp; Coppell TX sites in repairs QC &amp;  shipping &amp; receiving. My daughter worked at Plano It is ridiculous how horribly they treat the employees. Most were temp workers none got any kind of benefits ie: medical, health, PTO etc.... They had mandatory overtime. Day shift would come in at 8am &amp; not know if they were getting off at 5pm or 8pm and never paid overtime just sent home early on another day of management choosing. They were low paid warehouse workers who fix products (often told to just ship back to customer with a new charger &amp; without proper repair) that often cost approximately a months wages after taxes During a meeting held on the open warehouse floor I SAW &amp; Heard them told they may have to work on a federal holiday (4th of July or Labor Day) one lady raised hand &amp; asked if we would receive holiday pay &amp; they told her to go to the office.  We never saw her again. We only assumed they fired her. No one asked anymore questions after that. No, they didn't pay holiday pay either. The Coppell place was so crazy I quit after a week. Our experiences with this company was so horrible my family won't buy any Samsung products ever. ", " Good job with good benefits and pay. Not flexible with schedule. A lot of studying and testing required. Good job for the right candidate. Vacation time and sick time. ", " worked part time, made pretty good money for college. Cannot complain about the wage given I was still in school. This job was a good gate way into my career. ", " I work as auditor for all production process for TV main line Analysis the defects and find solution and solve it Monitor all the production support ", " A dynamic &amp; productive company where you can learn a lot, share ideas &amp; leave your print. long working hours &amp; very systematic company with value of time &amp; ability to coop fast with market changes ", " Control MTBF by weekly Plan maintenance and hand on with technician. Monthly recall calibration in-house or external. Monthly control cost effectively. ", " I learned more in Troubleshooting, the most enjoyable part of my On the Job Training, Im Enjoy w/ my co/ Workers and good Company Management ", " It was a great time working for this company, very fun and competitive field in sales for home electronics. I was in charge of 3 territories. I was also responsible for training the bestbuy associates on new products. ", " am very hard working  and honest my consecrate on my work only who is fair me for very big benifit company is great and he also mobile phone is very awsome ", " SARC in Austin is a great place to work. There are many talented people working there, and they continue to grow. That's about all I have to say about that. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " A typical day: Work, meetings, etc What you learned: Korean language, work culture, semiconductor physics Management: a little hard to understand at times Your co-workers:Great people The hardest part of the job: Language barrier The most enjoyable part of the job: Company dinners, and time spent with co-workers ", " 4-2 4 day work 2days rest day    i learned how to mixx i learned how to Create a chip  Management? management are so Strict my co workers are so friendly but some are plastic people,, mY hardest part of my job is to Smell some hazardous chemicals  the most enjoyable is we are just like part A family in the company .. ", " Fast paced environment, micro level management, varied technology infrastructure. Cutting edge technology, Extended hour of work. Very hard to take initiative to do your own project due to hierarchical structure. ", " Working as a contractor for Samsung works if your objective is to do your job, get paid, go home. That is all that is valued, and the separtism is palpable. ", " Loved every moment of it, it was a honor working for Samsung. You learn to gently repair phones and or help with minor problems when customers need help. ", " I got a lot of experience in this Very big project ( west quern 2nd phase project). It's Oil and Gas project. it's the third Biggest project of oil and gas in the world ", " It was a very fast paced environment in which you had to keep up with. I wouldn't recommend for anyone that is not used to being in a fast paced setting. Overall, it was a great assignment job. ", " Typical day was a 10 to 12 hour shift with 3 to 4 overtime for every other day. I maintained 400 production tools process flows and adjustments for the majority of the time. The rest of the time would be dedicated to meetings and management of passdown logs. I learned a lot from samsung. Physics, quantum mechanics, chemical engineering and so much more. It was the job I loved just because of the amount of things to do and learn. The culture was very segregated engineers and techs would be separate from production and house services that caused a lot of political infighting but things got done. Most of the management had a very high attrition rate and was replaced often. Mostly due to the lack of advancement. The pay raises were there but there was no upward movement in the company. The hardest part of the job was the balance of the information and its application to the production. You had to be able to see things down to the submolecular level to figure out how you needed to fix any given situation while trying to figure out how it would affect the rest of the production line as a whole. The best part was when you figured it out. That realization when you can hold your own with some of the brightest minds in the world when it comes to something you can't even see. ", " I did a few months work at the San Jose Campus location prior to its rebuild. The management is great in the Sales department as they take care of their employees and contractors equally when I was there. ", " Professional Organization to build career and experience has vast knowledge and experience of Sales, customer service and contact centers, delivery exceptional customer service and exceeding all sales and profit targets. ", " I love to work in Samsung and i like to grow very fast but some conditions is preventing to achieve to my goal. Remarkable  i got more than 15 certification in 2 years. ", " I've been working at SAS for 1 year and 4 months. I am a contractor. People at SAS are very nice and always willing to train you if you are open minded. ", " 1. Korean culture company, been trained to be multi-tasks. 2. Learned about systematic control from country to country. 3. Good team work among the team. 4. Enjoy working with the team and with my vendors. 5. Like working with the deadline givens, trained to work within the deadline. ", " The hardest part of the job is that I must be more productive, every day a new defeat, accept working under korean stress. ", " A good place for foreign MBAs to have a unique experience working for large Korean business with unique access to senior individuals.  Sometimes tough culture to navigate for foreign workers and hierarchical management structure can be frustrating.  A great opportunity with the right perspective in mind. ", " Company does not know or train supervisors to be any kind of leader.  Good ole boy network is alive and well here.  I know people here that have been with the company 16 years and have never been promoted. ", " Management has no direction, just follow what HQ says.  Long working hours but not efficient.  They want their staff to stay back even there is no job to do. ", " I loved my job, I hate that I had to leave ... military orders. My boss was great and I loved the challenges they had for us. I do wish it paid better considering the large amount of Miles, wear and tear it did on my car. ", " - Many meetings and work pressure - Best in class Corporate Operation - Responsibility and pressure - Many co workers rate Samsung same as I do - Employee audit - Good Pay for hard workers ", " Employees never stayed long and something was alwasy wrong with checks on payday. The work environment was intense and stressful "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Work manageable. Environment is wonderful  The company offers continous learning and you will be able to speak your ideas ", " In red zone I worked hard. Management is fevered in their nationality staff. I fail in global culture Coordination with staff. ", " This is a good place and have nice person here.  It is far from USA.   Main job here is develop new TV and monitor models for Asian Europe and America.  Management here is more like western style than 'Samsung' style if you know what I mean. ", " Samsung company is a stayble and good assurance in all employees future and they always care for it! Samsung never delay on their salary schedule s they always on time ", " I love what I do when I work for Samsung but trying to move up in the company takes a really long time. There are no benefits for part timers and everything is focused on full timers. Enjoy my just and the people I meet just wish there was more. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job is where its all Chinese co-workers and there is no racist issue,friendly environment,benefits are unlimited,allowances and bonuses are good.The company really takes a good care of their respective staffs ", " Alorica is a nice place to work at somethings within the company are not professionally handled. Would like to understand some of their policies better, not every inderstandable ", " we have a play station room to have fun during the break to take out from the work mode and the pressure and also we have a pantry to make coffee or tea ", " Good brand name but many applicants so no need to make employees happy  Not good environment to train myself as an expertise ", " At typical day to day would be checking stock at Samsung making sales booking in test placing orders,learn a lot about customer service ,the co-workers was very friendly ", " Management and coworkers were fun to work with, and all materials were provided. We had proper training and if anything had to have any sort of difficulty, our manager made sure to train us properly on it. ", " Since it was a third party company outsourcing customer service, there was no internal growth possibilities due to preferentism therefore no job security. ", " If you are not accepted from the beginning, the \"Country Club\" crowd will push you out and make completing task virtually impossible to complete in a timely manner. ", " Shipping and receiving products via 18 wheel deliveries.  I had an entry level opportunity that has lead me to my current employer being Wireless Evolution, Inc.  Wonderful Management, very educational.  Co-Workers were not a part of my team.  Associates within the Warehouse works for the Warehouse we leased.  I lead our Warehouse staff from our only Samsung Distribution center in the Midwest and reported to upper Management at home office in Dallas.  Working 3rd shift, decision making was always crucial as the rest of the company was asleep and most likely unreachable should an issue arise.  Working for Samsung which is an innovative leader in the industry. ", " i have goog workimg experience in this company....i want to get more experience through working under your kindness. kindly show your kindness on me. ", " Samsung work environment is hardship based on customer requirement. but for the employment an employee can live for the long time in samsung ", " i work more overtimes in my work place and ive learned lots like how to deal people, how to motivate my self and how to become a good employee, the hardest part of my job is when fix season because lots of work but im happy and enjoying my job. i hope i can find again another job like my job before. ", " weekdays are so typical because of less foot fall of customers. Being a sales executive we are the first to experience the new products and getting chance to learn new things. Building good relation with customers, management and Colleagues for creating a joy full work environment. Hardest part of the job is to convince those customers who think that sales promoters are just to push their own brand but at the same time I enjoy convincing this type of customers in a very nice way that they agree to change their opinion and ready to buy what we suggest them. Most Enjoyable part is competing with other brands and always trying hard to stand in first position in achieving sales target and set goals. ", " I enjoyed working for Samsung as I was in a good team where everyone got along and gave each other assistance when necessary. A normal day at work there consisted of answering a large amount of calls and assisting the customers by answering any queries they may have. This was also at times the hardest part of the job as you sometimes had to deal with angry customers who tend to get abusive but the most important thing was keeping calm and remaining professional. I learnt a lot working there and picked up a lot of skills that make me a great worker irrespective of wherever it is I am working. ", " Help to improve and utilize my skills i ve been worked there around four years and i promoted there, on the other hand there is no clear plan to educate the employees and give them courses related to their work . "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " I recieved 3 certificate  from this job for being best line worker of the months i learned how to do everything  on the line,if i got to work and my lead was running late i knew how to start the line and get everybody going ", " Conduct Testing of the materials used in CD/DVD drives. Sampling procedures of incoming materials and parts. Measure the weight and size of CD/DVD drives Ensure that the products manufactured meet standards of quality and safety. ", " A very challenging work and yet can do more experience through the field and working to other people in sales and marketing areas. ", " I'm looking to build a name for myself with a new company at this point. Working for Samsung was fine. The company itself is amazing. But I didn't see room for advancement. ", " Samsung overall is a great company to work for. They treat all employee's equality and fairly. Each day we were taken care of and made sure we felt part of the team and we were happy. As every job not everyday was the best day and the environment would be stressful surrounding the events of the Note7 having issues. My co-workers were very hard workers and all enjoyed being at work. The management was also pretty good. Some supervisors were a little lazy when it came to stepping up and helping fellow agents that needed it. ", " I enjoyed my tenure as Senior Document Controller in Samsung Engineering Co., Ltd. where I was able to handle about 10 staff under my supervision at the same time handling all the duties required of me. ", " I actually total use it.n i guide to many people  i like this company n i love this company its many benefits who use this company's products The people like this company ", " You are usually walking around trying to find customers to interact with but most customers come to you. The best thing i recommend is that if you are in a best buy store you need to build a relationship with the bby employees. ", " In my personal opinion Samsung is a great place to work for if you are in need of call center experience. I also feel that Samsung is a company that has too many changes which causes the work to take you out of your comfort zone. ", " Work places are dynamic, Less chances for career advancement,  Compensation is very regular, 5 stars for that, Favortism, Regular trainings for new launches. ", " Cool working environment with cool working colleague and they always are ready to work as team and understanding each other jod description without pushing the jobs to others. ", " Samsung Austin Semiconductor is a great place to work after college and they help you transition into the work place. The hardest part of the job is balancing a great work/life. Samsung operates 24/7 in which requires engineers to stay more than 40 hours per week. ", " i enjoyed my time working with them and really learnt alot. In all i'm really excited to work with such a customer service oriented company ", " output always first being disciplined the management is highly well manage always focus  being flexible the company had the most enjoyable getaway or outing seasonally. ", " Good at hiring talent terrible at keeping them their. A lot of time is wasted reporting same data to many managers. There is a lot of work that need to be done, actual improvements. But after 15 meetings it is easier to get the chamber up and dump the proposal. There is \"Get off my lawn - It is perfect\" mentality among departments. Thorough investigation of issues are not promoted. As long as one can argue that the source of the problem is their department, they can go Scott Free. Koreans - I work with many smart and talented Koreans but they have TERRIBLE bosses. Unfortunately they are the real decision makers. When they propose something, it becomes a mad rush to implement immediately. Disagreeing with those decisions can become a career hazard. It involves meeting after meeting with different managers, directors and VPs to explain why the proposal is terrible. We have had many instances of failure due to project implementation due executive decision. Simply put - it is a pretty hostile place to work. ", " good working envireonment. Manager always help team in doing projects. very interactive. work on new projects like VOLTE, LTE,CDMA, Technologies best of the best ", " Great company to work for with a lot of responsibilities. Work hours were pretty flexible and the management was great to work with. Great work environment. ", " Very energetic and lively place to work it is a fun and professional environment with a varied culture they really pride themselves on their customer satisfaction and image ", " Hard working but good compensation &amp; great welfare. Systematic investment and management based on the exact strategy. Proud for workng on the world best company. ", " A very fun and loving place to be at but can sometimes get stressful with the customers that gets very angry when their device isn't working anymore. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " I spent 3 and a half years with Samsung/Mosaic and I learned a lot and made lots of great connections. Unless you are willing to sacrifice your personal time and have no roots to where you live, this job probably wouldn't be for you. ", " This company was really great place to learn what is management. They had the great working environment but they also give a lot of pressure for competetion. You get the pride and stress at the same time. ", " Company management is good. Company policy is perfect.I enjoy this job.I would like to work again.Company food , accommodation and other facilities is very nice.it's comfortable to us. ", " Diverse corporation with a diversified product mix in a highly competitive, consumer oriented business.  A culturally diverse organization operating in a highly competitive electronics business. ", " Great company to work for, work with some great people and made some great friends. Was very sad to be made redundant as I thought I had a job for life. ", " The hardest part is that, you will do something that is not in your contract and never get a raise - If you complain, they will set you up for failure ", " clock in, updates, speak to every living soul in that facility, sell product to accepting customers all the while allowing the opportunity to grow from a business standpoint. ", " Samsung struggled with Silicon Valley culture.  Samsung did provide a positive work-life balance for its employees.   Samsung HQ was highly political. ", " My company is the leading Samsung Electronics. I got a lot of gyeongheomreul and development of the world's first product. And it secured a number of patents. ", " its a good company to work for. its good with working with your school schedule. I would refer anyone to them. im just looking for a better paying job with my experience an that fits my schedule since I have a toddler. ", " I've been a CMP Process Tech in the Semiconductor industry for 21 years. Samsung is a good company as far a benefits are concerned. The 12 hour day is grueling, getting time only for lunch. Processes and consumables are out of control as the business model has changed. Not enough people to do the work required with the analogy being they try to stuff 10 pounds of potatoes into a 5 pound sack. There is no time to think with a constant barrage of issues. ", " The company is great. The benefits are good. One of the challenges that I faced there is the fluency in English of the Koreans. They are hesitant to interact in English thus creating a gap between them and the other employees. But overall, my stay has been meaningful. I learned so much how they conduct their business and I have a vast insight of what their culture is. ", " Some bosses do not take care of work life balance, they are extremely high demand on your OT to complete task given. Immediate boss do not provide clear direction for most of the time, bosses required you to handle and make your own decision for 99% of the time ", " Samsung have a very wonderful personnel, nicest working environment, strict safety control to ensure staff safety, flexible hours to suit individual preference, wonderful personnel. ", " 1. Professionally advancement and good future 2. its a plat form team to showcase my skill. whatever the goal i set. I ensure to complete them within timeline. 3. The team which I was a part of have successfully completed and the project within deadlines. ", " - poor management - poor salary (lower than industry field level) - poor work and life balance (over than 12hrs per day)  I really regret to select this company as my first. ", " * Weekly market data collection ( sellout - shelfshare) and collect new market news constantly Motivate dealers to increase dealing in Samsung products Open new market *How to deal with all segments of society and solve their problems *Easy access to management and the transfer of fact properly *Excellent staff * No thing harde at job Everything is possible *Dealing with the dealers and the public ", " I would go back to Samsung if the opportunity is provided. i enjoyed working there and had the chance to work across different areas of development team and learned quite a bit about the new technology stack. ", " Worked for a third party company and represented Samsung. I worked as part of a field merchandising team. I did not work directly for Samsung. ", " it was a very nice a place to work. the time i worked there it was good. very nice people's to work. everything was nice. i got to meet new peoples. would i work there again yes i would. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Complete Amenities In Our Camp Gym , Jacuzzi ,  Shops , Basketball Court And Special Food Every Friday , Asian , Western , Indian Food Available , Every Friday Free Bus Going To Abu Dhabi City ", " In my previous work, I have learned to many things, professional and  personal with the person I have meet. This is my first encounter working with the different nationalities They are very helpful. they have thought me a lot especially in Piping department. ", " At the company, the time to start and get off work is left to the discretion of the employees but the meeting start at 8am every morning. I developed new product as a engineer for refrigeration system. Designed cooling parts &amp; algorithm, Experimental study and simulations for cooling system,Managed all kinds of Reliability Test, Quality improvement and Value Engineering also. ", " Safety rules and gov. Regulation work , worker benefits also good give,salary, 32 daya per year leaves working candition good. All over company is ok ", " Typical day at work - fieldwork is 90% Learned - learned to work most of the time in field Management - not perfect Co-workers - cooperative The hardest part of the job - doing unrelated jobs The most enjoyable part of the job - travelling ", " A great experience in sales department specially with an eastern culture. It is a good place to learn a lot about the ways eastern people work, their costumes, and experience ", " fast paced, ever changing direction. exciting products and industry. Co-workers are great, we all work extremely hard and long hours. Learned a great deal about retail. ", " working as a samsung promoter has been a good experience especially the fun in convincing customers to buy some electronics and giving the best service. ", " Samsung Tech Support is a alright job, but if you are able to handle customer calls it's an awesome job. Only problem is they are not family oriented! I enjoyed the people I worked with there, some of the supervisors were really awesome at there job and how they handled situations. Other supervisors would just slack. ", " 10Hr a day forced to make anything to be benefits good co-workers but not your friend. Big responsibility less right Women to good work at here ", " Samsung Brazil is a great place to work, the company cares about your personal life and helps you by improving your skills by training and couching, they just need to listen more to they engineers. ", " friendly,hardworking,fast learner,funny and loving to co workers,down to earth,go out with co workers after work,managing the time,easy to handle the customer ", " no pay day for typical day. you learne many job i can scan shipping and receiving. the hardest part of job we stand longer standing. we working in good condiction ", " Great benefits and great . New Samsung building is great with a cool game room, basketball court, volleyball, ping pong, pool, video games, nap pods. HR are quick and responsive and very helpful. When CEO come around they have meetings for them to communicate with employees and let them know status and plans for the company. ", " It's a great company with advanced management experience. Its benefit for employees is really good. Samsung also provide many training for its new comers, such as sale promotion, marketing and so on. ", " Lots of communication makes this job very transparent and easy to maintain. There is a lot of independence, which is great for those who flourish more independently ", " Very strong for competitive products with quick decision. Catching up with the leading tech. very quickly. Accumlated technology know-how and exprience ", " So far its been awesome getting to partake in the wireless phone/tablet world featuring the latest technology in our latest and greatest handsets/tablets! ", " It is a very clean, attractive place to work at. It is very dynamique and fast paced, very versatile. A lot of employees from different parts of the world make it a very interesting environment. Great people and great place to work.  There are many opportunities to learn about various topics in the semiconductor industry. Good food, resting areas, gym. Benefits are awesome and kick in as soon as you are employed. Some are lucky to travel for free to headquaters and have the chance to enjoy South Korea.  Free lunches to take place at least quarterly and public recognition is a practice to appreciate performance of employees at any level. ", " Assist customers with their inquiries on CCTV products . Place orders . Interact with business. Answer call and sent out emails "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " its a shame if they had direction then it could be a really great place to work. spends too much time allowing its partners (carphone warehouse) control what happens but carphone dont take any of the bad press for it. ", " Samsung provided me with the great opportunity to learn wireless technology by offering me a job in the technical support tier II organization.Our daily job consist of monitoring and analyzing traffic measurements on all the 4G Core Samsung core network elements (MMEs and SAEGWs) The group also work closely with RAN tier II on any issues in which the access network was not communicating with the core network. The group had 8 team members and all of us worked as a team helping each other on issues that were assigned to the group.This part was the most enjoyable working environment. The hardest part of the job was convincing the customer that issues where in the IP network outside the core network, The team had to capture data and analysis providing it to the customer validating the cause of the problem. ", " Maintained customer database, developed new clients, maintained company performance standards, evaluated market information, researched new trends, identified sales initiatives, created strategies to increase sales and responded to customer inquiries. ", " There are variety of chances for employees to get promotion, besides, benefit package is quite good. In fact, it is normal for most of staffs to work overtime every week. ", " Nearly 4 years I has been working at Samsung, which I learned a lot that is co-working between my team with the other departments where you can received most of supported in order to finish your job, your task at that time. Every where have smile, everybody is very friendly and that's reason you can freely ask with supporting. And It's making you will reply when you received request from other ones. ", " that job wasn't that easy because half of the people was about to see and play but we still sale and made it good, the management wasn't nice that lady who every single time shouting at everyone but thanks god all of us an handle our self on that kind of pressure and we also get the target and we sale almost all of the new phone stock we had, all days was good. ", " A company of family values and grooming. Quite busy and mobile technicians with little perks of everyday duties but heart warming upon completion of appointments. ", " Worked nights with minimal supervision.  Learned to make decisions without pre-approval from engineering.  Had too many technicians after moving memory line to South Korea.  Some technicians without seniority got cut. ", " No respect for employees. No communication. No privacy. Terrible HR system. Typical Korean company. Generous to foreigners. ", " Processing claims via business applications, business to business phone interactions, creating spreadsheet. I have learned to reduce any work I inherit by half thru innovate problem solving and time management. Management was poor, didn't have access to the business application was not very knowledgeable on the job. Co-workers were mostly around my age, very friendly and professional. The hardest part of my job was getting answers from management on how to process some claims. The most enjoyable part of the day, was completing task ahead of time and precise. ", " Learned to be patient to not jump to a conclusion. To listen to the customer to better suit their needs and questions to the fullest in order to truly solve their problems.  Co-workers and store management was amazing and loved to work with them.  Upper management outside of the store made you feel as you were simply means to an end ", " Management will not encourage creativity, but there is no resource limit if you are creative. It is wealthy company with lots of benefits for employees, though work/life balance is bad. ", " I am a professional and a hardworking person that can work for 9 hours 6 days a week and willing to work in a shifting hours. I learned a lot on sales and and even using P.O.S machine doing customer service and communicating to clients/guests. I am grateful that the management of my previous company give me a chance to experience such kind of responsibility that help me to build and boost myself as a worker. The hardest part of the job is when we have to extend more long hours and cancel rest days that we have to do during holidays. The most enjoyable part is when we got our commissions/incentives as part of our hard work in our job. ", " Great Management  Great Culture  Fun place to work - co workers make you feel apart of a team You get to play with cool products and test drive them. Working for a technology company is fun ", " - Enjoyable work days with fun &amp; friendly colleagues - Learned skills to be a leader and mentor - Hardest part of the job: Having to be comfortable with meeting new people and interacting with them  - Most enjoyable part of the job: Colleagues who are eager to include you and guide you on the job ", " joining pipe using gtaw/smaw apply safety first, perform related duties required must able to pass qualification test become friendly to others  respect the supervisor   the hard work place free from the work place ", " Large multi-divisional corporation with normal \"positives\" and \"negatives\" for such a large company.  Well compensated and benefits were amazing.    Decisions and adjustments are very slow to happen.  Very few people want to take responsibility so there is a lot of running it up the chain-of-command which unfortunately slows down the reaction to market changes. ", " In this company i learn how to handle the different electronic device or appliance(specs,advantages of product to other product.. ", " I was working on wifi and other linux issues,it was onsite from India work three months.I have solved many Linux issues. ", " While I was working here it was a 4 man group that was going to help out with making computers ready for first time use since at this time they had made a deal with Best Buy to have Samsung employees in their stores to help customers with any Samsung issues that customers had. What I would do is update the computers to have all the programs needed so one they started they would be ready to go and trouble shoot the tablets, phones or laptops. The hardest part was to make sure we didn't take up too much bandwidth on the network so we had to come up with a way to have all the laptops ready at a certain date. I enjoyed that for the first time I was about to put my own thought on a project and between our selves we figured out what hours we would work and how long we could stay on the network. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " I had the pleasure of working with some of the finest people in the world. We manufactured and sold top boxes to DIRECTV and several other companies around the world. It was a demanding job, but very satisfying and I. was proud to be part of such a fine organization and to represent Samsung globally. Al l of my managers but one were of exceptionally high caliber. They took pride in their work and their people, with the singular exception. I looked forward to going to work every day and made good friends in many countries. The people I came in contact with were the best part of my job. Unfortunately my position was eliminated due to the needs of the organization. I did not agree with this assessment, and felt it would impact our customers in a negative way. ", " - low salary need to coordinate to Qatar and talk to the Manager and report what is the status of Project as well I had lots of experience also. For co-workers -harmonious relationship with each other Hardest part- completing and hit the target for the completion. Enjoyable part- submission and completing till hand over ", " Bad copy of Japan corporate culture + some bad things taken from China. Nepotism is highly common. high suicide rate especially in Korean HQ. ", " Being a Front Desk Officer for so many years. I have met a lot of different people and is nice to have such interaction with all kind of people. I learnt a lot from customers by knowing how to handle their complain till I know how solve their issues. ", " Job consisted of great communication with customers in order to fit the products fit their lifestyles. A typical day would consist of making sells, light troubleshooting of devices, inventory checks, and maintenance of workstation. Management consisted of keeping track of promotions, goals, staff development, staff training, and constant action plans that fits the company's future goals. ", " No benefits at all, just overtime. There is no life and work balance and managers are bad and not understandable I worked there for 4 years and only a 1.50 raise plus bonus Now is good for people with no family that just want to work ", " Great company to work for. Amazing team. superb benefits. But less ability to grow. less polarity of changing job between departments. ", " My typical day at work would start by checking my mail and start answering the important ones. During the day I would have several conference calls, meetings with departments managers, and calling clients.  My relation ship with my co-workers was a team work relation ships. We relied on each other to improve the sales of the company and to come up with plans for marketing. The hardest part of my job was when I need it to lay off a worker. and the most enjoyable part of my job was when I gave a raise to an employee when he or she didn't expected. ", " Nice job. Great experience. I learned a lot of things like how to communicate with others and to give clients all the information that they need to know. ", " My experience driving a forklift has allowed me to work for this high tech company. The work environment was always clean and cordial. Management personnel always provided great input to promote the safety and productivity of the employees which allowed the environment to be very cohesive in these regards. Being able to train new hired personnel was a favorable aspect of this job because it allowed me to refine my already innate leadership skills. During the busy season, however, overtime and the increase in production sometimes weighed heavily of my wellbeing. ", " Support inside and outside sales representative, distributors, and regional customers \u2013 answer questions, resolve issues. ", " It was hard but very dynamic and full of fun. Must be able to hadle the work load under the pressures and team work include HQ who were directing with every innovation team memebers were brilliant. Leard lots of how to deal and change the distributors. ", " I was a internal English Tutor in this company.  It was very good opportunity work experience.  It was so much competitive and stressful you should think about but the result through this hardship was way bigger than expected. ", " My favorite aspect of this job was that my main duty was to engage customers in a meaningful conversation. After grabbing their attention, the next step is to introduce the possible consumer to the products at the tables. Thankfully, the job was not based on commission, which takes pressure off of the employee and that stress-free detail would transfer to the guest.   The hardest part of the job was teaching elderly people how to use new technology, hands down. And even this really was not bad, as long as you are patient and respectful. Afterwards, customers are usually extremely grateful for your help and will often try to tip you (even though its not allowed). ", " As it was my first working experience, Samsung helped me a lot, specially during the training it was very useful, and Samsung gave me a lot of confidence after that. ", " This Job was more of g training and learning more about marketing and sales. But it wasn't too good for personal development and advancement in life. ", " Not family friendly and does not maintain commitments to employees.  Very poor project management and organizational leadership skills.  Two people died from heavy work schedules coupled with stress.  Company is NOT recommended. ", " Good management and work load is high but it is part of work. co-workers are nice and good behavior and the most enjoyable in the life field . ", " I work with many talented and intelligent people. The relationships i have made and the knowledge i have absorbed has been invaluable. ", " Best employees, work hard, responsible. I love to work with my teammates. Free lunch. Good health benefit.  Need to improve work environment. worked last almost everyday. Directors pushed employees regardless responsibilities. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " While the pay seems incredible at first, after a certain point you realize it isn't worth it. SOP changes regularly, quotas are completely unreasonable, and management will treat you like a child. If you are extremely sales oriented and are able to put your principles aside for the sake of the company, this will be a great position for you. ", " Performed various secretarial/clerical duties such as documenting, photocopying, faxing, mailing, and organizing filing system, Answer telephones and transferred calls to appropriate staff members, Interacted with organizational staff, executive, clients, vendors and visitors on a daily basis, Organized the scheduling of meetings, conference, and events; distributed minutes for them, Created spreadsheets and presentations for corporate executives. ", " Samsung is a fun place to work with a lot of Buzz in the workplace. Learned to give the community Had the option to work 2 days from home every month which enabled to balance the worklife balance Coworkers are helpful and committed to grow as an organization Very high KPI's to be met Lots of lucky draws and events and the employ discount on electronics ", " It's a really fast paced company, their metrics are weekly, so everything can and normally did change in a second.  But you receive a really good and solid internal training and team support, so it's a load of work but at the end of the day your are satisfied with your accomplishes. ", " Samsung NAC specialize in Samsung PABX, Samsung CCTV, Samsung Copiers: Wireless communications, Digital technology and Office Security; combined with the latest I.P. technology, Exceptional service has made Samsung NAC a market leader in it's relevant fields.   Samsung NAC provides Wired, Wireless, Voice, Data, Security, VOIP, LCR, Call Center, Voice Logging, Fax2Email, Broadband, LTE and many more solutions to its clientele. Samsung NAC is a fully BEE empowered company as well as a member of the Savant. Samsung NAC has affiliated itself to Verizon, one of S.A.'s largest I.S.P.'s. NAC is an accredited partner of Cell C's community projects. ", " Day to day work is more interesting coz ive learned different new things, and ideas in my job, have a good management so far, making a team with our co-workers, and the hardest things part of the job is if you cannot accomplish you work for that day, and the most enjoyable is if you always make a team building in order to bind us together and working as a team. ", " Good Medical benefits and good hospitality and treatment to the workers and good benefits. Have a challenge to work with other nationality. ", " Engineers are given lots of responsibility quickly which can be a great learning experience, however it is highly dependent on the department you work in. The work can be challenging and exciting but a lot of the time engineers are treated like robots executing repetitive tasks in part to make up for the atrocious systems available. The best part about working there was the people and the benefits. ", " good salary but overwork is required. It is quite typical Korean Company which is quite similar to any other Asian companies such as Japan, Hong Kong or Singapore. ", " Samsung is a fast grow electronic company since 2010. This allows to work to employee under high pressure and always has high target to achieve them in a set period. This sometimes made employees hard to get over and lead to work long hours ", " one of the best work environment and invest lots of effort to train its employee. have learned risk management skills. but the company pushes employees hard to be the world best in their job. ", " Excellent technology company lacking in PC products for Enterprise accounts.  Very good mobility offerings from phones, tablets, wearable and Virtual Reality. ", " I wanted to company where had wide room to grow, but this company does not provide such opportunity. Also management personels are from Korea, who makes harder to work with. ", " Transitioning to work for Samsung has been one of the best decisions that I have made because I am always up to date with the new technology in the cellphone and tablet world. I am honing my communication skills while being at this big corporation along with becoming knowledgeable on Samsungs' latest products. Management is awesome, they work well my with my schedule and are flexible about the hours. The most enjoyable part of my job is to see that I have satisfied the needs of the customers after they leave the Samsung area. ", " full respect of procedures with strong push for forecasts and operational plans. strong followup of marketing activities and progress. ", " One must go throw so much red tape for mundane day to day activities making it difficult to perform any real engineering. ", " Enjoyed selling to public, by listening to their need and identifying the appropriate product for the user. Also had great support from the manager that allowed me to try new ideas to help sales and to make it easier for store staff to sell Samsung products. ", " Samsung is a great company to work for.   They take their time and educate you on the latest products and development. You get a chance to meet some great people  Train on the best devices Stay up to date on the latest product ", " Very energetic and hard working environment. Need to be focused at all times. Working long hours are quite common to be expected ", " New cultural experience with an asian company  Chance to promote  Opportunity to work at long term. Opportunity to work within an international company and have experience working with people where English isn't their first language. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Samsung is a very difficult place to work.  They offer a great benefits package however the work/life balance is slim to none.  They expect employees to be available 24/7.  The employees are frowned upon when not available which also reduces any chance of promotions. ", " Great place to work.  Have the ability to move up within the company. Co-workers are nice and management makes sure that you are representing the brand very well. ", " my typical day at work was balancing  sometimes stress free  to be understandable and good communication skill  management was good and make work load easy for us and the benefit make workers ready to work more they hardest part was customers that are hard to explain to and making budget or target co-workers are reliable and easy to make friends with and ready to help out when asked  the most enjoyable was the customers and the planning time and training period and explaining products ", " Military style of management poor work life balance great insurance package Constant urgent requests for reports Creativity is not encouraged ", " It's just like any other retail position out there but a lot more is expected of you (you are compensated for it all) but you're never really in the loop. It's the most \"Outsider\" position in the company. It's great and the pay is awesome. The hours and \"Always on call\" thing can get a bit annoying. ", " I give my best in my type of work, learn as much as my capability to manage my work and to help my co worker as i can do.The hardest job was to understand the Korean on how to communicate with them.To finish the project without any accident happen to us on site. ", " Mandatory overtime and countless meetings unrelated to my work.  Typical day: eat breakfast at work, check emails, attending meeting, go to lunch, check emails again, get coffee with manager, start working, go to dinner, run into some authorization problem or some problem related to someone else's work but they are not available, continue trying to fix the problem until midnight, take a taxi home (not reimbursed). ", " attendance in time staying in touch with team leader to know the news and offers and stand in the show room waiting customer and greet them and offer them   i learned too much leadership skills management is smart the hardest part is in DSF working 12 h for 1 month the outing is the best good thing in our work coz it match all whole team ", " Over all not bad. The shifts are long. Advancements don't really happen, and pay raises are tiny. With that said the work is easy, and the people are okay. I didn't like all of the politics, but that happens in every job. ", " in this company, ive learned everything, especially of using MS Excel for making file update from time to time. But at the same time, it encourage me that i can do more, and i know i can grow in other company after finishing my study. ", " Samsung Electronics Italy is a very productive workplace, where there's always something to do. You have your daily or weekly tasks but if you are a proactive person there's always the possibility to acquire new skills and help the others. People are usually very friendly, gentle and enjoyable. The toughest part of the job is that during the first two quarters there will always be extra activities and extra reports to carry on due to the continuous  request coming from HQ and the many VP visiting the company and requiring details information on the status of the business. The most enjoyable is for sure the people and the atmosphere inside and outside the workplace. ", " all management in N and controlling remotely. no positive/negative feedback no training opportunity below average salary no balance  i was salary but they call me whenever they feel to. 10PM, 2AM, whenever. ", " Samsung is a good employer but they need more projects in US.  They have good technology, their sales team need to get more projects. ", " I was associated with Samsung for 4 years.  In which i learned lot of process, System &amp; Global policy  Its a Great place to work.  Samsung is a Target oriented company we should be ready to work with all environment &amp; Challenges. ", " - compensation is good. - management encourage all staffs to work and give time to learn for skills - they also provide good bonus and assess staff equally ", " Learn how to conduct consumer training, push sales, operation check, maintain cleanliness and others, enjoy working with colleagues, hardest part of the job is to learn something new and take assessment after learned. ", " Started with Sprint's NW Vision Deployment. Samsung had all the Markets from Michigan to Nevada diagonally. Samsung's travel policy was very good (M-F), and you can come home for the weekend. All expenses paid. I learn to work on 4G, IP based 3G network. We had a good deployment team to support each other and together we completed the job ", " Very innovative company with great people and benefits. Work Culture is excellent and lots of team work happens here. Typical day starts with challenging tasks and lots of collaboration ", " Samsung Australia was a brilliant place to work, a great team that felt like a family and a great manager who motivated us on a daily basis. ", " Samsung is good company and good learning experience. It maintained  the Work culture. I have work on CDMA and LTE optimization and done the optimization for Sanfraciaco and San Jose City. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " I think Samsung would have been great place to work for me if the manager was not as micromanaging. Samsung is all about quality of work but the micromanaging style of management could get you frustrated. ", " 5 days a week work procurement learned multiple management between HQ and US Many over time work KPI achievement is hard to maintain Good PAy ", " High pressure/stressful work environment Very boring work place Good staff but no Team work Highly discriminating work processes ", " My review to my past work I have many things learn in life starting im working .. and also to my co-worker. The management sometimes I dont like how they handled the employer because sometimes they have a favorite employer and sometimes they not fair to other employer. The typical day is fun and more exciting because my co-worker and our OIC is friendly we always have a fun time in our store if no customer. ", " It is a low stress sales environment, but you are still required to do your job and facilitate sales. Management is reasonable. It's a good job if you enjoy talking to people. A con of the job is dealing with troubleshooting and angry customers. ", " - Very hot in workplace but enjoyable because i like my work. - i learned a lot of things about instrumentation and control. - management are great - i love my co workers as they treat me - the hardest part is when our work is on risk but need to fixed it on time - the most enjoyable part is when you finished the job on time and the quality is good.. ", " Awful corporate culture, extremely hierarchical. Very inefficient. Korean managers control every step, give you no freedom to operate, which strongly demotivates employees.  However, Team spirit among local employees is great, this is the place where people become friends, not just colleagues. ", " Working for Samsung has been a wonderful learning experience. Interacting with customers regularly and continually working with technology has kept me up-to-date with the latest and greatest Samsung merchandise. The most enjoyable part of the job is the relationship with my coworkers. Communication is efficient, smooth, and effective. ", " - high business rhythm - possibility to test any new ideas - high level of management  - 30% of co-workers really are the best on the market - a lot if stuff like report about report - the most enjoyable part of the job to be the winner ", " It was a really enjoyable work over there i enjoyed a lot.The working crew was amazing who gave me a lot of support they taught me a lot i learned lot of thing about manpower handling,time sheet making,payslip,etc But the hardest part is had to listen shout without any reason but my manager was very nice he never sought me for any reason he taught me a lot. ", " As a UX designer, I have a lot of work experience in diverse Mobile platforms. I used to work for Samsung Electronics over 10 years, and I was one of the main visual interface designers for Samsung Galaxy Smartphone series. From what I experienced, Samsung deals with various mobile platforms such as Android, Tizen, and Web OS because they have a multiple platform strategy. Therefore, many of employees completely understand about a fragmentation of interface in all platforms. ", " A truly horrible place to work. For any individual who is not a native Korean speaking individual, you are severely disadvantaged from the get go. There is no sense of \"team\".  It is a \"sink or swim\" mentality, and co-workers and managers are rarely willing to help. Management does not foster an environment of learning, support, and care for the employee, it is more of a \"do this or else....\" Training is poor, individuals are thrown into the mix from day 1 and expected to fend for themselves (sink or swim). The culture is such that if one is not working 60 hours per week, on the weekends, on call at all times, then you are a slacker and you will receive poor reviews. Management has no sense of the culture difference between America and Korea. Therefore it heavily promotes the Korean ways of doing things, while ignoring the American, and expects one to conform. Management is not interested in changing to try and promote a more well balanced culture and assist those who are not Koreans to fit in, feel welcome, and want to work hard for their employer. The list goes on and on and on..... Eventually this philosophy of never changing/continuing the same exact path that brought success 6 years ago is going to bury them. I look forward to the day.   -A former employee ", " Work is fast paced and mostly quality is compromised for saving time. Work-life balance is not ideal except on weekends. Working more than 12 hours per day is taken for granted and 18 hours is a must if you need to be considered a top performer. ", " My time with Samsung Roy Hill\\ Most contractors work in together to ensure a smooth working work place.  Management very helpful for my questions. End of the day blue collar white collar we all enjoyed a nice cold drink together. ", " Working with Samsung Gulf helped me improve personally and professionally. A typical day at work starts with greeting my colleagues and superiors and people I work with that is important to establish sound relationship for a good team work. Achieving months target is the hardest part of the job on the other hand team building activities was the most enjoyable part of it and getting high incentives. ", " Only way to advance is to be chummy&amp;be a tattletale w/Mgmnt.,but even that won't get you anywhere.VERY stressfull work environment,even when you try&amp;keep to yourself.LOT's of hazardous chemical inhalation/exposure sure to create health hazards overtime.Very slacked/lacked security,so no safe work environment.Lots of horseplay&amp;offcolored jokes made&amp;when you bring it up to your Supervisor,Mgmnt. or HR,they either turn it around on you or they play the blame game!No leadership anywhere,the ppl who were on your side are long gone for being fair&amp;considered too soft&amp;buddy buddy with the good hard working ppl who are there to truly work&amp;feed their families vs the fresh young talent out to party&amp;step on anyone along the way to get to the top. ", " start at 8.00 and finish between 18.00 - 24.00  repair and servicing electronic device nationwide  learn repair tv, printers, projector also how to set up interactive board and panels. ", " It's pretty difficult to advance, unless you put in tons of extra hours. Also, it's not encouraged to make mistakes and fail, which translate to really limiting yourself since you don't want that to be in your record for your year end review which will be remembered... ", " It was a very productive and well equiped company I've learned how to be independent and work as a team member. The management was good we were a family. My fellow co-workers and I were united we worked very hard to keep our customers happy. The most enjoyable part of the job was dealing with angry customers ", " Coming in and see to it that the store is in order. The shop is clean and the price tags are on all items.  I have learnt good customer service, how to handle difficult customers, how to work well in a group. Management is generally supportive and understanding.  There are good and bad days when in comes to co-workers but generally we get along well. The hardest part of the job is having to stand the whole day which takes its toll on us but I am used to it now. Having to sell products and up the shops sales is very rewarding in addition to the commission that comes with the sales. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Overall ok job. Management wasn't very organized and the benefits and holiday pay where horrible. Job environment very cool and laid back co workers easy to get along with ", " I enjoyed working here at samsung I learned a lot about there products and agree there number 1 in the electronic industry ", " change of work day and night 8 to 12 hours work,, experience testing,inspection, computer related..co worker is nice we been together with almost 8 yrs...no hardest part of job...most enjoyable of the job is our daily process we love our job,,but time need to experience knew and need to help financial support to the family. ", " Many constant hours, have to be on top of DAR, CCTV, and have knowledge of excel, outlook, and Microsoft word.Make sure to be on time! ", " A good company to learn and work with. An amazing work culture and good experience. Recognition for Research you do. Samsung overall great workplace. ", " Samsung is an amazing creator of products however its a huge surprise how they continue to stay in business given the terrible management in place. There is no clear direction, almost 0 inter-departmental communication, and current management team is absolutely one of the worst I have ever worked for. ", " Latest technology, casual dress code, relaxed atmosphere. At Samsung, we believe in revolutionary technology for all. That\u2019s why we strive for global impact, developing tomorrow's innovations to enhance lives today. ", "  \tMonitor daily instrumentation activities and verify compliance to project procedure, specification and standards.  \tIdentify quality problems, recommend and provide solutions to the problems with approvals though QA/QC documentation control, further process of non-conforming items, deficiencies of unsatisfactory condition was rectified and remedial action or resolution was approved.  \tCalibration of gas detection system and sensors.  \tEnsure the HSE is given highest priority, and particularly that all personnel are adequately trained to execute work assignment with safety training &amp; seminars, personnel must comply with safety instructions and identify potential hazards at all times.  \tResponsible for clearing and signing off Inst. Punch list item were completed as per originator. ", " fun place to work understand new people, talking to many different customers also with the store staff as well teach them about new products and lesson if needed. sales driven an targets which would get bonus from. ", " Trainings are offered Monthly for the Employees improvement. Nice workplace and colleagues that can make more productive. ", " Excellent organisation to be able to work within. Highly innovative products and a driven forward thinking culture of individuals.  The greatest learning comes from working for a channel based organisation, whereby you need to be able to utilise a large network of customers, colleagues, resellers, distributes, systems integrators and unique partners. Excellent people skills and self marketing is vital.  The hardest part of the role but equally the most exciting is the innovative products and change is direction. You must be willing to be agile and easily able to respond to change in this organisation. Its not for the faint hearted!  The most enjoyable part of the job is the constant learning of new products, markets, ways of working, forward thinking products and also the solutions that can layer over the hardware to truly bring it to life. ", "  Keeping the work invironment neat and clean.  Actively engaged in developing more effective customer service skills.  Greeting customers  with appositive demeanor. ", " Samsung Europe comprises 17 divisions (subsidiaries) across Europe that represent circa $36.5 bn. in sales. It has recently become the leading Consumer Electronics brand in the region in terms of recognition and most preferred by consumers. However, the ambition on the business is to become The leading Electronics brand and to double its turnover by 2020. ", " The hours are long but with a compressed work week the longer weekends make up for.  The benefits are really good.   Downside the communication within the company is really bad especially when things change.  The company doesn't require the supervisor to remember very much for reviews, it is up to the employee to have to sell themselves every year.    They are quick to  blame the technicians when things go wrong.   Overall if someone is a \"yes\" man they would probably fit in well. ", " 1. Productive and friendly environment  2. Was able to be trained to respond in both Voice (inbound and outbound calls) and Non-Voice (Email and Chat) inquiries of customers.  3. There were areas of improvement for the management. ", " The people at Samsung made me feel like I didn't belong. I'm not a Golfer; nor do I attend sorority parties. I'm more of a back woods Red-neck. It's not that I didn't try because I tried to fit in. I tried to get along with everyone there. I did get along to a certain degree but I guess not enough to keep my job. ", " Management varies the priorities often, therefore it is difficult to get one big project completed because of shifting views. ", " The management was very accomendating to employess with shift preference. Salary was generous and bonus' were good. The people you work with were helpful and willing to learn from an experience person. Hardest part of job was the amount of software you had to learn and learn quickly. ", " good work environment  a lot to new technologies but too many manager not enough engineer good work environment too many project not enough engineer ", " a place where you get a lot of new things everyday efficient top management  rewarding based on performance good working environment "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " -a place where you get to learn a lot of new things everyday! -Rewarding based on your performance -Efficient Top Management ", " Samsung is a global company whose Internet Mobile division markets cellular phones, wi-fi tablets and wearable communication devices.  Employees are hard-working and demonstrate above average intelligence.  Samsung products are exciting and innovative, and move quickly from design and development to market.  The biggest challenges working at Samsung are communicating with other groups across the world and maintaining technical proficiency in a constantly changing environment. ", " After Working for 5 years with Samsung, I learned a lot from my managers and I understood the international business way of success.  The most enjoyable moment of my job was when we could achieve our target and mission was completed. ", " Working with Samsung was very stressful since I am working in Sales Department. Everyday was a busy day for us specially if it is a Friday or cut off day. I have to make sure that we will be able to hit our weekly, monthly, quarterly sales quota. But all in all, despite of how stressful, full of work day, everyone is getting along just fine. Every Wednesday, we have this called \"Family Day\". And we are allowed to go home early. Sometimes we watched movies, dine out with colleagues and sometimes head to gym to sweat out. But the most fun was when we get to have a pot luck in the office. We get to have lunch together and not to talk about work for once. ", " leaders determine the workers spirits, we dot have to overwork the minor to reach the given target of work instead we motivate  the target will be attain ", " Work environment is always happy and upbeat. Faced with different tasks each day to meet customer satisfaction. A place where you are excited to come to work. Great team to work with. ", " big company with a lot of challenge , working with great people , learning on new product and dealing with the customers , solving issues and pleasing the customer .. ", " Had a productive workplace with fun and friendly employees. What we had was a project based work and it was very helpful for a student like me at that time. We get to communicate people. ", " Learned a lot as an Intern at Samsung Electronics UK. A challenging workplace. I have developed excellent web-technology and software skills, UI/UX designing as well as project management, team management, presentations and communications skills. ", " Good Experience and good salary. You refer back to 3GPP a lot.  Documentation isnt that great. Very secretive company.  Sometimes it is slow, other times you will work till 8 PM. Enjoyable co-workers ", " Selling Breakthrough technology. constant innovation and a drive for change. Good benefits (Health Insurance, PTO), decent pay Opportunity to do exciting work and partner with smart and passionate people Global brand recognition and large scale projects If you have a good manager, good flexibility and team sub-culture ", " Good Working Experience More Experience Learned Good Communication with other Department Good Coordination Good Salary Enjoying and Finishing the task ", " Good Company for experience Different Projects  Long hours Good Office  CEO needs to not micromanage Good benefits  Constant Changes ", " Provided plenty of professional training in sales, merchandising and managing my team.  I trained customers, trained my sales team, and other workers of Best Buy. Therefore, maintained my training capabilities I gained while in the military.   Hardest part of the job is not receiving the merchandise on time when we had new promotions, receiving incorrect merchandise that was supposed to be displayed at the store. Their logistical system does not maintain a good accountability of its items. It felt as if working against the wind. ", " i able to learn how merchandising is done cause actually it was my first experience on that field,only that we are an agency based deployment and only on contractual basis which we can't assure how we are stable on it.. ", " My previous job helped me to gain knowledge and confidence in regards to my work. The co-workers are so nice and helpful. The hardest part of the job is to work for long hours during busy days. You do not have time to take regular break intervals from your work but in other ways it helps you to gain skills from your work. ", " Situated in Coppell, Samsung is a cell phones company. There is 2 shifts there, the first shift starts from 7:15 until the jobs ends and the second one begin from 9h until the jobs ends. But the quality begin from 5:30 ", " everyday you need to update the promotion and the display for the product and the tag price and also stock availability.everyday i atlk to different people sometimes they become my friends thats the one of the best of this job is making friends with people.the management is very strict and high standard they expect a lot to your performance.my co workers are very kind and all of them are my friends.the hardest part of this job is the sales  target so much pressure.besides of the sales target the best of it when you hit the target you will earned the monthly incentives ", " Offers great opportunities to work on multiple projects Great co-worker team spirit Fast paced environment - technology  good benefits  management requires improvement ", " i learn a lot from samsung and as a tean leader i can handle my department well becouse of waht i learn to samsung on my 6 years in sales "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " On a daily basis I will make sure that the stand looks really clean, team knows the target and have different responsibilities communicated by me or by the manager, I will make sure that they approach every single customer and that the team deliver an excellent customer service, I will take care of the daily situations such as delivery issues, stock, training with the team, emails , phone calls, oragnising events ", " I am proud to be one employee of Samsung and wish Samsung to be global leader. We have very nice ethic working with korean colleague in office, I love korean food, there is work life balance, respect each others, bosses are so nice after all. ", " Samsung is an excellent manufacturing company.  As a retailer, however, it's still not an established area of business.  No work/life balance, no clear direction, unclear expectations, and soft leadership.  It's a frustrating thing to cope with when it's such an outstanding company in other areas.  The Korean culture of working people into the ground holds true in this case, but those that are passionate about the company can withstand the torture. ", " A typical day at work is helping customers decide what is best for them (consulting), demonstrating usability on products, Teaching Workshop classes, cleaning, training the other employees at Best Buy, and general cleaning. I've learned about the differences in the products Samsung offers. Management is friendly for the majority of the time. Working with the Best Buy staff at Greenbrier is great! The hardest part of working there is the typical retail customers that are hostile, but this is easily defused if you know your job and how to do it. The most enjoyable part of my job is working with the customers on how to use their products. I wish there was more one on one rather than sales focus, but that is just the business. ", " Samsung is a vibrant company with superb product quality in mind. I worked for several providers in my tenure and Samsung has a keen mindset of providing superior proactive support for its customers in the telecom field. ", " Being the face of the largest electronics company in Australia and at the head office was eye opening.  On a daily basis I provided exceptional customer service for face to face and over the phone customers. It was my responsibility to ensure customers enquiries were met.  My role involved multi tasking by answering a busy switch phone, coordinating incoming mail/ couriers and outgoing mail/ couriers. ", " As an employee of Samsung, I usually promote my product which is the Appliances like TVs, Refrigerator, Aircon, etc. At first, my job was easy because i'm a type of person who loves to talk and mingle with people. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job is my dresscode I love being able to dress up in business wardrobe also I had my own office was a plus training was one on one , very nice employees and I enjoy helping customers ", " It is a good first engineering job. The work balance is too heavy because it is over 60 working hours per week. Pay is good and the learning curve is very steep ", " need to be self motivated and strong sales skills. the fun part of working for Samsung is every day is a different situation. ", " This company does not care about their employees. I would not recommend this company to anyone. They have no benefits worth speaking on, they lie to their staff, and provide no raises. The stress level is extremely high, there is no room for growth due to favoritism. This is no career,definitely a last resort. ", " It was a very productive and free workplace, where everyone communicated well and motivated each other. I personally loved working their and taking care of customers, and seeing our customers walk away with a smile. It was always great to learn different personalities and different ways we could use our product. My manager was great, he was someone who cared about his job and his workers. The hardest part of the job was to be able to help angry customers but, somehow I still manage to succeed. The most enjoyable part of the job was to see new faces come in get helped and leave with a smile filled with joy. ", " Enjoyed working at Samsung. I have learned a lot during my tenure at Samsung. Job culture is very good. Fun and joyful place with a great environment that allows you to grow in many aspects such as a person ", " I loved loved loved this job! I miss it so much. Helping Samsung mobile users how to use their devices! I love to solve problems so this was one of my favorite jobs!! ", " I worked weekends, Saturday and Sunday. 8 hour shifts on Saturday and 6 hours on Sunday, paid \u00a375 per day. Campaign originally lasted for 6 weeks but was extended for a further 3 weeks.  I had to learn about each product that was involved in the nano campaign as well as learning how to close a sale with customers.  On a regular basis I had to feedback to my Samsung manager who would give me support if i found that i had problems during the day as well as give me targets to reach.  I had to work alongside Currys (Dixons) staff and other company reps such as LG and Sony.  The hard part was learning the information, but after awhile the knowledge was built in and i was able to learn all the necessary information.  I enjoyed giving demonstrations on the TVs to the customers as well as being able to answer questions about the TVs. Another enjoyable moment was being able to help customers find what they wanted even if it was not part of the nano crystal range. ", " A day full of new things. MANAGERS are friendly and easy to work here, not as much stress. I will always refer people to work here, it has been a pleasure to work here. ", " Typical day at Samsung would consist of  taking Inbound Calls setting up new delivery dates as well as providing damage allowance for products that came damage also setting  up service call for appliance that need to have door replacement or any type of maintenance service ", " it was a good exposure indeed, working with people of different culture, communication or interaction is my daily bread ", " Primarily working independently with limited supervision to accomplish aggressive KPI goals. Constantly changing, rearranging and adjusting sales goals to obtain higher sales achievement. Meeting new people everyday and developing relationships is the most enjoyable part of the day, but lack of career developmental path can be discouraging. ", " Overall my job experience was very good at Samsung, i learnt the basic customer dealing in a mixed international environment, with my coworkers always their to assist. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " The most enjoyable part of the work was the positive climatic condition and the people was so cooperative.  The food and accommodation was good.  The site was near to city. ", " I was task to conduct a detection review involving a very difficult senior director, I avoided him during the audit and a month later I uncovered the fraud all suspected. ", " This was a great place to work, with good team members and knowledgeable folks to work around with great perks and benefits. ", " friendly staff and welcoming team. Great place to improve one's sales and communication plus teamwork skills. Because of my future study plans I left the group and I hope to come here again with High degree for high position. ", " Good place to work. Very little stress in the environment. It is great to be around new technology and learning all it has to offer. Wish it had more opportunity for advancement. ", " With Samsung gulf I earned more experience because I'm handling the brand number one sometimes is giving me that pressure but I like it  With Samsung gulf I earned how I can handle more than tasks at the same time.  Handling the customer with ensuring great service I will deliver to the customer. The day is beginning with challenge for your target which is the most aggressive thin at the day cause that is give me motivation and I like that. As a management I can assume as employee it is good from internal but the point of communication between them and the guys whose on the floor is messing and that is thing which I don't like at my job.   My co-workers as we spend daily almost around 9 hours and above we are dealing with our selfies as friends and family. The hardest thing at my job is the feeling of terminating which is passing from the managers to us and that is thing which I don't like at all at my job. The most enjoyable part of my job is when I'm scoring my target and the customers appreciating me because I give them the right service ", " Its always a busy hour working in Samsung Customer Service, providing various levels of support from Agent Technical escalation to Customer Complaint escalations regards to services, warranty policy and technical support.   I have learn many things working as customer service agent, customers are always right, we need to speak on the same level as the customer and keeping ourself in customer place to understand customer concern and issue in order to give them with proper solution.  The hardest part of my work can be managing angry customers to provide them with satisfaction answer.   Managing more then 50 agent with 8 department and checking there daily performance and monthly KPI.  Most enjoyable part of my work i love my work and always dedicated to my hardware policy to complete my task. ", " I learned the judge loan business. It was very interesting. Everyday I had to work with my team. I had always enjoyed with my team. Tough task was to work with my team, ", " Great to place to work and very challenging. I think very highly of this job and loved to worked there. Long work hours but good pay rate ", " Worked for Samsung for 3 years directly started as a contractor worked my way up into Samsung Direct and to tell the truth; it was a dream come true - for every contractor to work for the client. Once in Samsung you become acclimated to a culture of good is never enough - the leadership and management teams use scare tactics to try to get you to achieve Mbo Goals *bonus* goals - there is no work life balance at all - they claim it is , yes for leadership while us regular employees are forced to accomplish coverage goals that constantly change at will. The analytics team is the worse ever they manipulate the reports hide reports from employees to try to increase productivity. I would never recommend anyone to join the organization at this time b/c of the culture, In the 3 years I have been here going on 4 now - the Ceo has changed 3x already and the direction is always this is what's best for leadership never for the good of the employee's - there's no loyalty to the workers at all. ", " Fun and joyful place with a great environment that allows you to grow in many aspects such as a person and as a worker with many politics. ", " Process from start to finish with negotiations was smooth. Work was updated as needed and a very professional environment. Communication was punctual and tasks were clearly laid out with expectations. ", " Had faced so many hard situations but could able to handle. Line Manager is so supportive. Developed so many projects Co-Workers are more supportive. Worked in more than 1 system support Good Team Members ", " high  pace  cultural differences experienced multiple jobs  working with professionals Samsung was a great experience the multi cultural environment was a lesson ", " This is a behemoth electronics company backing a fabric and apparel division.  In my opinion, it lacks the flexibility necessary to succeed in the apparel industry. ", " 1)i lent a lot working up in time other-lines. 2)the management is good they take care of there workers. 3)me and my co workers we co-prate well   4)the hardest part of the job is when you have costumer on your neck and the part is not ready to fix his/her unit. 5)job is always enjoyable when you have all the part to fix costumer unit.am always happy when my costumer is happy. ", " A great company to work. balanced life. great team. great talent. good learning. nice to work in Samsung. Great projects. Well maintained environment. ", " Typical day at work would start of by logging into the computer and setting up everything for the day. Make sure display models are on and fully charged, make sure counters are clean and desk are fully equipped with the correct gear. I learned a lot about customer service, and more specifically on how to handle working in a time pressure environment. Also, I learned on how to  handle certain situations more delicately, as well as handling certain situations differently. The hardest part of the job is sometimes telling the customers that you can not do certain things because they do not meet the criteria, and the most enjoyable part would be to try and help a customer out where they need and deserve it. ", " Overall the time I spent working with Samsung threw OHL LLC was great. One of the jobs that I actually like getting up to go to. I learned many things from an CSR stand point. Also did inbound receiving, kept me busy but that's what I liked always having something to do. Makes the day go by. ", " its a good to work with it but its on my home country so the salry is less that why i move to uae for batter future and hope for good "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " its a good company but i am not seen any growth here that why want to change the company and managment is also good but i want to change the retail line because in Eid In Any weekends weekly off cencelled ", " Have been at Samsung for almst 4 yrs &amp; been involved in many projects, with no recognision for results. Samsing it a telocomunications company. ", " Working at Samsung as an Intern was a great experience. Very helpful co-workers and learning was a constant upward curve. Work hours may be long and tough but as an Intern it was worth it. ", " I learned many things from my time at Samsung.  I had great time working for them and being a part of a company that has great products. ", " Excellent colleagues. Business trips to other countries (mainly to Korea). Project are related with future consumer electronics devices. Paid vacation is longer than law requires. ", " Samsung Electronics Co,.Ltd. is System Oriented Company . Everyemployees try to become a world best engineer through sacrifice of their life. ", " Corean Culture provides an excellent job system, my whole experience as Engineer was adquired working in Samsung Mexicana. It\u00b4s not the best place to work, but it\u00b4s a great company. ", " we assembly ODD Optical Disk Drive known as CD/DVD rom, the hardest part of our work if some part of assembly line is on trouble that cause of line production stop. The most enjoyable part is we can talk to each other while working and the bond of our team is good. ", " Lot of learning : open for change in the verticals to get more exposed to different areas. Sometimes you may feel less work life balance but i was more focused on learning so didn't care about long working hours ", " Call center environment. Taking 150 - 200 calls a day. With call inquires ranging from just a simple question to going into complete detail of how to reset a device. I learned a better habit of patience. During my time with the company I had two different immediate supervisors and both were really great. Any questions I needed answered, they would provide swift assistance. Every member of my team was a great coworker and I can always appreciate a good group of people who help one another. The hardest part of the job was meeting the standards of the quality auditing. The auditors were very strict, and in most cases I believe too strict. ", " This is a company that has worldwide recognition, however is trying to establish a larger footprint in the U.S. outside of Televisions. ", " Not challenging enough. Easy job. Great pay. Only able to advance with BA degree. Usually have to relocate to a different city. ", " Very good infrastruture and facilities. Its a huge campus. Work is very fast moving and very rapidly changing.  Buses, gym, swimming pool, very good meal 3 timesa day etc. ", " Technically I have learned a lot but management wise there is a big cultural difference, its Top-bottom culture.. You need to listen to your boss, you cant question your boss, that a real challenge ", " It was great and busy on a daily basis and it was including long working hours and  there were parties that we will attend and treats ", " work was alright but a lot of hours plus weekend work is also required. co-workers have agendas to prove they are highest performers ", " Great place to work.  My manager was not only my boss but my friend.  I had to multi task, but it was fun and very enjoyable.  The benefits were great and affordable.  I enjoyed working with all of my co-workers and the holiday events were fantastic.  I learned a lot and gained year of experience I hope to take into the job opportunity. ", " hard work and big pressure to achive goal however this company is the best of the best to develop yourself as a professional ", " with great brand comes great job culture. It was my first real working experience in a company rather than school or family business. I witnessed a lot and it helped me to understand a lot the importance of good comunication with kind mood. ", " My manager was great, but I have heard horror stories about other departments (long work hours, no training). The training in my department was so awesome, and I made great friends with all of my co-workers. I had no problem with my department, or my management. I rarely worked over time, but my friends in other departments were ALWAYS working extreme overtime to finish projects. This was mainly due to their managers and the way they ran their own department. Although my team was awesome, this is why I left the compan "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " I worked monday to fri 8:30 to 5:30 when I work as full time. My main duty was translating important documentations such as design book, contract related documentations. Also, interpreter eng to korean or vice versa at the skype meeting every week and writing minute. ", " Provide on line as well as over the phone technical support to service centers across Canada. Offer bilingual support to Clients from Quebec process orders,follow up on technical emails Provide on line training and manage the official website. Assist co-workers with their daily tasks ", " The working culture is good and had fun work place with my supportive management. My manager helps me a lot with my work and encouraged me to learn new things that will served as a strong foundation for my professional development. The most I enjoyed was working with my colleagues and learning from them. ", " Good place to work. Many work situlations all happening at the same time. Laid back most of the time. Great people working there. relax rules and very understanding. Liked it most of the time. ", " Although I did not work for Samsung for too long time, I can say that it was a really good experience for me and I learned from there a lot. The management was fair enough and supportive. The working team was the best and very friendly. There was organized system of work so we did not get overloaded and each employee did his duties in time. ", " if you like tech then this is the job for you, the pay is amazing the culture is amazing and you meet amazing people. depending on the managers it can be really laid back. for this job you MUST like helping people and solving problems, you have to be personable and able to build report with clients ", " A great place to work for, I've learned so much. The hours are great a typical 8-5 pm schedule. There will be a lot of work typically on our busy days, I am in charge of our Addison and Fremont warehouses for the inventory that is coming back to the warehouse as well coming to our Bethel warehouse. Microsoft Excel and SAP is used on a daily basis, reporting skills is a must. ", " My career is involved and engaged.  See a problem then fix a problem keeps me active.  I stay loyal to my employer and work diligently to maintain my goals.  Those goals include reducing stop loss, Lean principles, 5S items, express communication, and teamwork. ", " Great team work experience with all European colleagues, Global integrated system based operation. Great learning opportunity for all different systems. Excellent benefit package. ", " Typical days at work can be very demanding, but when the day is complete, it can be quite rewarding if a significant amount of the tasks were able to be complete and working by end-of-shift. Shift-work consists of a minimum of 12 hour days with it extending as far as 15 hours.   I learned very quickly that the semiconductor business is very fast-paced and goal-oriented: Something that worked well with the personality of someone who is seeking to always do better every day. There are typical management and \"political\" hangups like every job now, but for the most part, Samsung can be a great place to grow a career.   By far, the hardest part of working here is the work-life balance. Expecting to get home on time or be home for holidays as a person working shift, it's just not possible to predict. Mandatory overtime to meet deadlines and customer demands is enforced. PTO requests are negotiable, but require adequate coverage on each shift appropriately.   The most enjoyable part of this position at Samsung is their benefits - from healthcare coverage being amazing, their break policy for hourly workers, and lunch/dinner pay, Samsung definitely has a lot to offer as far as that goes. ", " The company is solid, good pay and benefits. There is room for advancement, and the executive team is very personable. Good place to work and great environment. ", " Great place to work with a supportive and productive team. Customer experience is number one, ensuring every customer is happy. A change to develop within the work area would a brilliant also a pay rise would do just great. management is pretty decent but could b improved. best part of the job is working along side my colleagues and supporting them. the clash between samsung and carphone plays a huge part with the store, leading to a lot of customer complaints and problems. ", " In samsung I had to inspection all products before the product go to the client and, in Samsung I learned a lot of things about quality, the most enjoyable part of jod was learn more and more and  team work. ", " Samsung did a great job entering the wireless infrastructure business delivering quality products and on-time execution. ", " This job was a good paying job but they were a lot of racism. People were not discipline and the supervisor bias. By race and peoples cultures. ", " diverse benefit options, workshop available. HR service is very useful and fast to reply your email. I have extended my Excel skills greatly. Long working hour might be a bit hard to adopt and it takes time to get used to Samsung management style. ", " my best job i ever had but the money wasnt best , really good organised company and good trainings when you start working there. ", " The bes thing about Samsung Engineering was to have a great relationship with collegues. They are all educated and passionate work partners.   Since I had projects mostly in North/South America, I worked late night for 3 years to continuously communicate with relevant parties in Ameirca, and keep update any events that need to be solved urgently.   Yet, the senior engineers always encourage juniors, and educate them through many technical seminars twice a week.   Samsung Engineering tries to adopt the latest software and system to become a global engineering company, and the working atmosphere at sites are safe, and friendly.  All of documents, engineering drawings, terms, and etc. are in English, so we could avoid any confusion communicating with any relevant parties outside the company. ", " Scaffold supervisor and scaffolders trained for working at heights and hand tools safety and certified to do the work. ", " fun work place with supportive management not all about the number but how you personally grow and develop . there was a lot of variety in what i did each day ranging from the monotonous tasks to new projects that were challenging and exciting. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " * a typical day at work:  CD list, cross check the daily production plan, confirm the shipping schedule, find solution for aging ratio, shortage items, quality issues..  * what i can learned: + The way to co-operate well with other dept and vendor  + How to solve in urgent case (global shortage, big quality issue) + How to develop personal and improve skills day by day + Analysis the risk and manage it   * Environment + Fun work place and Supportive co-workers ", " The employees have freedom to be creative and improve the projects that they're included. The management motivate the subordinates everytime, to do our best. ", " The Company offer opportunities to grow up into organization, the international training are frecuently in South Korea. The SCM and Logistics \u00e1rea is very interesting and we have the opportunity to see internal buisness movement ", " You can enjoy dynamic life, never been bored.  Busy, but not efficient - Management directive goes left and right Never expect work-life balance. ", " it was my first time to be leader and the people i worked with they indirect reflected how good i was in that position i found some difficulties but later i stand on my legs and i amazed other. manager or leader with 26 years old will not control the quality of big factory such as SAMSUNG that what they said when i came. i made a very cool environment with employers and we were on point always and every task will be accomplished before it's deadline. i left them because i wanted to do my MSc and i have done it. ", " i learned alot about the corporate culture. its a great place to work with and develop a career. collegues were very supportive through out the tenure ", " ggod work place learnt a lot how to work on sap and work culture was well oriented. learned SAP and deal in customer service as well. ", " A sales environment with multiple facets of work including running workshops to train both consumers and employees, along with technical and software support for Samsung Devices ", " This was a great job with amazing compensation. There however wasn't any real advancement opportunities for anyone. The management was vague with instructions and consistently changing things even after they were complete. ", " i have come to respect the hardworking personnel because its vey good to work with good measurements in place. i look forward in getting an another job. ", " Excellent combination of diversity and technology development, with a culture of sharing and focused on results. Advancement of technology is primary. ", " good work atmosphere. It was pleasure working with this company. the management and the co-workers are very nice.  Excellent company to work for. excellent employees. Would love to work again if an opportunity offered.  Cons none , do not know any thing about cons It is an outstanding company. Advice to Management  Excellent Management style..Thanks ", " nice environment to work nice salary and freebies they giving us seminar about the product nice colleagues nice team work and sales target ", " I loved my time with Samsung. The management was very organized and on top of their tasks. The management was very involved in the training of all of the associates which helped immensely when the time came to prove our worth in sales. Overall I was very impressed with the company and loved the opportunity I had to work for them. ", " * Typical day at work include review of latest approved    documents, organization meeting, site inspections, testing   materials, work co-ordination with construction team and with   consultant, issue of site instructions, deficiency or non    conformance reports. * I learned that work can not be achieved successfully unless   Quality management system is carefully applied and unless the    spirit of co-operation and co-ordination prevails as one team work. * Management is the most important job in any project which   requires long vision, work strategy, understand importance of    quality management system, understand client requirements,   awareness of all jobs' responsibilities, good co-ordination between   all departments, control of all staff, control of progress and cost,   solve main problems &amp; good relations with client and consultant.   I think the project was well managed to a far limit. * My co-workers are sometimes self motivated but they still need   some advise regarding organization and co-ordination. * The hardest part of the job is the beginning in order to get all   project documents well studied and to get familiar with all staff. * The most enjoyable part of the job when you finish your job properly and attain satisfaction of client and consultant. ", " management is very awesome and supportive..apart from that gives the suggestion for the improvement in future.the facilities are also worth... ", " A typical day at work starts with stand-up meeting. Then I spend 15-20 minutes on catching up with emails. Most of the emails are bug reports, and requests to review codes. My typical day at work is constantly iterating on Samsung products which millions of people use in day to day life. ", " Fast paced environment, with loads of experience.  There is no typical day. It is always changing. Day to day changes with store visits, interviews, training sessions, and business needs.  This job provided true multi-unit experience with the every changing market.  Leadership and coworkers were great. We set a culture of not only trust, but the ability to challenge each other.  Hardest part of the job is also the most enjoyable part. It is always changing. It is fast paced, and you must keep up. ", " Management woefully lacking basic business management skills.  Strategy and long-term business planning sorely lacking.  Culture encourages individualistic atmosphere, with collaboration discouraged. ", " Fun work management supports team all about numbers hard to move up to much favoritism.Decent amount of  work if you like to travel, and have the next iconic device this is the place to be also team is very helpful "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " I loved my job and i love people so it was pretty easy for to go to work and leave with a big smile. I also enjoyed learning all the new and cool things that Samsung had to offer. ", " I had to work for few hours a day, but lots of preparation on my own time. I had to prepare different topic for each day and help them to comunicate in English. Through this job I was able to meet many new people. As it was teaching office workers I had to get to work early, so the class can take place before their work. ", " I learned Port Forwarding, DMZ and LAN/WAN. Most of your day is Port Forwarding sometime you would need to use the DMZ as a way around the Port Forwarding if it was not working also leaned about web Viewer port 80 and how to change that port. ", " Typical day included talking to customers ,explaining specs of different phones TVs and other Samsung household goods .working at Samsung for a year i learned that competition is stiff as they are other great product providers that are ready to take your customers the moment you slip up.To that degree working at Samsung everyday you would need to be at you best performance   I loved the management because they trusted us to do our jobs by giving us monthly targets and letting us go to work without being micro managed .  The hardest part of the job was dealing with clients that will not be satisfied with our products but it did no happen that often .   All in all  i enjoyed my time there. ", " This company has a lot of dedicated employees that make it successful.  Salaries are competitive and benefits are excellent.  Company provides typical bonuses and 401K matching programs. ", " In general the work environment is good. Work life balance also okay, but sometimes it can get crazy, in emergency situations. But that is normal to all tech company. Culture is more HQ oriented. Management is very supportive. ", " Very organized workplace with intelligent workers who are good communicators. Highly evolving environment and very face paced. Highly recommend it to anyone who can adapt quickly. ", " I really enjoyed working as a temporary employee at Samsung for four and a half years.  For every assignment I enjoyed been part of a team and learning from my fellow co-workers. ", " On daily basis just come and do your job not much changed until peak season. I learned a lot more traits that can be used everyday. Management was okay not very organized work environment. Very hard working co-workers not given enough credit for work done. The hardest part when we got short staffed or when they added more trucks to our schedule. Most enjoyable part was lunch or breaks being able to chat and have lunch with co workers. ", " A nice competitive organization with powerful global footprint in the technology market.  It needs a real champion to prove him / her self there. ", " Nice working with the company. The management style is unique and the bosses are approachable especially when things aren't going smoothly. The most common complain is the type food to eat which was standardized to be of arab foods which is not good for asians like me. ", " Must be well rounded with all products and have to be flexible to assist with any type of customer across all Social Media forums ", " Amazing experience in a multicultural company. Hard work to ambitious goals everyday, great team work, professional team with big deals, huge budget, huge goals. ", " This job has been a joy and if they had a open position in Tampa I would not be leaving.  This is the most professional and loving company I have ever worked for. ", " I love this work environment. We get to learn new things every day. This is a multi band technology. Had an opportunity to learn new tools here. ", " Working with organized company is give you lots of knowledge as well as good and bad experience.  Which helps you to shape up your carrier and future. Enjoying working style and try to complete our job with in time limit. Really good experience of my life. ", " Team work in everything.  Work hard, play hard!  Everyone is willing to help and they have some state of the art systems for everything they do. ", " Good Was fun Positive outlook would be busy always has lots of support and manager would cheer employees always xvdfvfvfddfdfvdfvdfdvfdfddvfffd ", " I love what I do and working with new technology and Samsung does a great job at providing a very educational learning environment. ", " I truly enjoyed working for this company and assisting the customers with all issues and concerns. It was a true learning experience "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Good place to work with nice benefits but policies are ever changing and there is mis communication between most departments.  No work life balance. management expects employees to work at least 12 hours a day. ", " The first call center I was employed by a fast paced environment to troubleshoot clients over the phone. As well as being able to thoroughly document each conversation. ", " Great products, great coworkers. Opportunities to travel, educate and interact with the public on a daily basis. Fast paced, always changing environment. ", " It was a great opportunity to work in a call center as a start to gain the technical Knowledge and participates in different activities. ", " Success is really all about performance and how well you are able to adapt to the ever changing electronics industry. Very much a \"what have you done lately\" culture with reactionary style leadership. ", " I like to work here as i get to learn a lot. Perfect work environment. I can try many new things here. Hardest part is variety of projects makes work sometime very very hard. ", " Samsung is a typical Korean Company. People work long hours; the company seldom fires employees; the organization is very hierarchical. If you thrive in an Asian culture (Korean, Japanese, sometimes Chinese), then it's a good place to work at. ", " good  and supporting management complete compensation benefits understanding management every week we had a 2day restday with pay ", " There is no real job security working at that place. They preach about safety, but a lot of violations get swept under the rug, and no one really does anything about it. There is no accountability for \"ones\" actions. ", " Fun friendly work environment , adapt fast to co workers and supervisors. Position was mainly focused on production and numbers but it was also paced. I learned how to work in all areas of the warehouse and I love learning everything it helps me in the future. ", " Compensation is good but there is no work/life balance. There is too much overtime and management is very poor. Since headquarter is located in Korea, and due to time difference, we have to have a lot of conference calls around 8PM onwards. ", " -Maintains an awareness of all promotions and advertisements; Assists in processing and replenishing merchandise and monitoring floor stock. Assist in floor moves, merchandising, display maintenance, and housekeeping. Help customers in locating merchandise; Assist in completing price changes within the department. Communicate customer requests to management. Participate in year-end inventory and cycle counts. Assist in ringing up sales at registers and bagging merchandise. Ensures that each customer receives outstanding service by providing a friendly environment, which includes greeting and acknowledging every customer, maintaining solid product knowledge and all other aspects of customer service. Any other tasks as assigned from time to time by any manager. ", " Samsung's work environment is always challenging and expecting employees to be innovative at work. Cross departmental work creates opportunity for skill development. ", " I learned a lot about optical coating and metrology. It was a good company. The working condition were good and supporting was good. ", " Samsung is a values driven company. Lots of opportunities to meet enthusiastic people and drive their success. You have to be a self starter to be successful within the Samsung organization. ", " The position involved driving around the city and making sure the accounts are being taken care of. The problem is that pleasing all the management and accounts is almost impossible. The sale quotas per location were hard to keep. each store had its own problems and solutions that needed to be taken care of that needed to have approval through me. Upper management never communicated fast enough to us to get things done. ", " This place is extrodinary as far as technolgy goes.  I was able to go to Korea for training and help start up the new 300 mm wafer factory before I moved back closer to help my family.  A very good place to work from what I expierenced. ", " good tech company, not much cooperate discounts, good benefits and ok salary. strong culture , work life balance is ok good be better.  some late hours. ", " The department i was in, it was great until the past year. The department is slowly becoming more close minded and having less freedom to be creative. The biggest issue is there is no future in this company because there is no option to expanse on a career. ", " Had an awesome experience with Samsung. I loved the job and the products, my co-workers we're excellent and very fun to be around. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " A typical day at Samsung was like any other regular day in the world outside of it. Some days could be outstandingly merit and or some days could be very defective. It's all about the atmosphere or if your attention is more pivot on anything else other than getting to work. I always looked at the typical day as a good productive day. What I learned about Samsung is how they prepare the phones before shipping them off to their rightful companies such as Metro PCS, AT&amp;T, Verizon, and T-Mobile.It also has taught me that I have cannot stand in one spot for half a day (laughs) I always seemed to doze off every now and then but that's only because I rarely gotten sleep. Any other day, I would go in and work like I were in a competition to win the grand prize. About management, there was a diminutive problem with the way they operated but they were organized. Co-workers? There were a few that were good to work with and there were some that gave me an energy of deficiency. The hardest part of work would be when the lines filled up with phones back and forward but that was also the most enjoyable part of the job as well because it would motivate me to speed up my pace. ", " Samsung expects employees to work from 6 or 7 am to 8 or 9 pm if you do not put in the hrs. you will not advance.  Also while this is not advertised, if you are not from South Korea or speak the language, your advancement opportunities are very narrow. ", " I was responsible for aligning the computer monitor tubes with their housing. It was a dangerous role and received numerous electrical shocks doing this. ", " Samsung Electronics, the world's number 1 electronics manufacturer, is an interesting place to work. The work is highly demanding, fast paced and dynamic. I have learned so much working at Samsung for 5 years and grew with the company as a professional. If you are the person who is willing to take the challenge and want to experience the dynamics of world's number 1 company, I recommend you to give it a try! ", " Too much work and not enough employees. They expect you to work lots of hours. Pay is great but they get their monies worth from you. ", " Organizational chaos, very little structure, little to no communication, seriously lacking in leadership, coaching and development\u2014at all levels.   After working at Samsung, I am amazed that they are able to be successful. The culture is dominated by fear (do this or you won't have a project next year) and micromanagement from headquarters (Korea). Samsung claims to value innovation but provides the most suffocating culture I have ever worked in. The overall environment was based on vague requests in another language and an inherent bias against asking questions (just do what we say).  Major job burnout and turnover, frequent lay-offs and terminations; redundant management positions; lack of cohesiveness between internal U.S. teams and internal Korean teams. HQ mirrors and policies make it difficult to equip teams with tools and processes they need to drive success. No structure where needed most; too much structure where least needed. ", " The most enjoyable experience of the job is seeing the new software and hardware for future market devices. Co workers are fun, easy going, and have great communication. The one hour lunches are great to unwind and give plenty of time to eat lunch without having to rush around. The most difficult is being able to manage your time outside of work, the overtime takes up too much time that you're unable to do other things you need to do in your personal life, home life, and limited time for anything on the weekends. Micromanaging, social politics, supportive and strict management. ", " the work place was very fun and the work was easy, the company is innovative and growing quickly and always ready for the next big thing ", " 8-12hr work per day R&amp;D and Management  Good Good To meet R&amp;D Dead line Good communication with co-workers can be trained to work smartly and proactively, to be purpose-oriented, and to find innovative solutions to design problems on deadline. ", " My day consist of educating and promoting Samsung brand name through various ways such as training on product, teaching classes, educating customer, increase sales and etc.. this is accomplished through many tools we have at our disposal to help us achieve a high level of success in our industry. ", " picking goods for order using in-house system using hand held scanners and loading and unloading lorries.Getting goods ready for dispatch ", " Samsung is an alright place to work at. It's not necessarily bad, but for what you do its base pay. There is also no benefits provided with working here. ", " friendly company with open vacancies to all nationalities,better employee treatment with incentives like transport allowances, tips, sales target commission fees, over time payments and an attractive monthly salary and many more. ", " The greatest experience to date for me in my career. The entire time I was on the project was fun and exciting. I look forward to another opportunity with them. ", " Worked at Samsung for 17 years thru 4 positions and enjoyed my time there. I was part of a Reduction in force of the Network Engineering Department and probably will look to return in other departments very soon. ", " working with Samsung is a fun place to work with,a lot of  very cooperative people from the back office people to the higher management ", " Samsung used to be an aggressive and growing company. Lately there are too many new executives and all are trying to prove themselves and there is randomness in everything. ", " Very fast paced company to work for. Training for new employees can be lacking at times with the old  \"sink or swim\" mentality. The shift schedule is really good, allowing for a good mix of family and work. Compensation in terms of healthcare coverage and bonuses are really good. Pay is good as well. ", " The management is all over the place and clueless at times. However, you typically never have to see them anyway which makes the above statement bearable. The hardest part of the job is putting up with incompetent management and unrealistic sales goals. The pay is competitive if you are a lead but regular part-time individuals don't receive many benefits even on Samsung products themselves. I would not recommend working for this company in no way or fashion. I have been working for this company for a year and half with no chance for upward mobility. ", " saturday, automotive mechatronics, electronic control units,  i enjoy diagonising motor vehicle electrical faults "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " busy with not much downtime. lots of conference calls. learned project management on a large scale. push you to complete deadlines and complete projects. ", " Selling is a typical routine day at work, Everyday you may encounter different kinds of people and all you need to do is, deal with them, satisfy their needs and reach your sales target. Actually, there will no tough or hardest part of the job if you will just focus and try to find ways to solve it. Because i'll always set positive vibes or attitudes to start my working days. I always put on my mind that everyday is a challenge, everyday is new to have a learning experience. It will helps me to maximize my skills that I can be used to the industry that I have chosen.I become a strong communicator because of that different experiences I've learned. Through dedication and hardworking I'll accomplished my work well. Actually, Ill enjoyed most the selling process and the customer interaction thing. Then at the end of the day, if you reached your goals or sales target, you will enjoy the after rewards of your good job deeds which makes the promoter more active. ", " Many of the co-workers brought donuts and pizza. Also we used to go out as a group for lunch and we always brought waters and other beverages to cool of from heat environment. ", " Samsung is a very diligent company. They require a lot from their employees. Expectations are extremely high. Typical day would be visit your stores meet with upper level management, tackle any product or customer related issues. Build relationships withing each store to drive business. ", " Cross cultural problems has led to corporate and client disconnects which has led to eroding margins and frustrated internal employees. No planning, no processes and shrinking accountability equals decreasing profits. ", " This was my first Job in my carrier and this platform taught me plenty of things about life and  behave like matured with experienced work force with great professional people around.i've learned how to tackle the tough situations at power plant while in Emergency cases and learned not be a single fatality in work place area. I become very strong has rock to take right decision on spot. ", " Great people and a good company culture make this a fun place to work. I definitely recommend this company to others. This is a fast pace cutting edge company with aggressive goals and a very capable management team that practices effective communication and leadership by example. ", " Excellent company to work for if you want to be working 70-90hrs/week.  Compensation varies, no support from management in process improvement. Only looks at the short term goals of selling products, no real customer support ", " I have enjoyed working for this company and appreciate having had this wonderful opportunity to work with you all. During the last 27 months you all have provided me support and through your encouragement and guidance I have been able to excel at the projects offered to me ", " Daily operation tasks such as part sharing, delivery shipment, negotiate with suppliers on pricing, lead time, delivery schedules. Manage reports to the management Handle and lead a team Dealing with warehouse and logistics issues ", " Working with Samsung and 2020 Companies, is a great job with excellent benefits and pay compensation.  I visit 5 to 8 retail stores daily consisting of Wireless COR doors, Wireless Dealer doors, and National Retail.  I build and maintain business relationships with store managers and retail sales associates.  Training on the latest technologies and devices produced by Samsung is a daily task in each location.  The most challenging part of the job would be work / life balance, there's not much time off, but to become successful, one must sacrifice at times.  I do enjoy the freedom of managing myself on a daily basis, and do so with pride and integrity. ", " Samsung has a bright and energetic culture. Have enjoyed my time here. Fantastic coffee in the breakrooms, and a give back mentality of the management and people. ", " Management was very driven and focused on providing the necessary tools, leadership, and direction for you to complete your job. ", "  \t Provide safety advice and guidance to site management &amp; supervision that only safe procedure will take carry on the jobsite.   \t Conduct periodic visual inspection of heavy equipments, electrical power tools, and vehicles utilized at the jobsite.   \t Auditing site for safety compliance as per procedure, process, and office management   \tPointing out the unsafe condition and corrective action to minimize incident/accident in the work place.   \tTake active role in the accident/incident investigation.   \tEncourage near miss and incident reporting in order to identify and rectify unsafe practices.   \tAssist in enhancing employee productivity by monitoring and tracking return on training.   Carry out periodic/Quarterly Mock drill in Emergency/Fire/Toxic gas release in association with Fire Marshall/Paramedic/Rescue team.   \tManage &amp; coordinate with sub-con site HSE teams for activities executed in the worksite. ", " Samsung Electronics is an amazing company as a whole to work for. You will always have something to do and something to learn. However, due to the nature of the company and culture, there are many glass ceilings placed on workers and blurry lines in workflow processes. ", " I work at Samsung Electronics Suwon South Korea Overall I can rate the work culture and relationship between my mentor/team members and me was 3.5/5. ", " process oriented work culture, hard working people and productive work place tight time schedules, like always !!  late hour and night supports kill ", " The On the job training was excellent and got to meet many new people during the work. The management helped in understanding the products properly and explained us on how to attract the customer too. ", " Lead a team of engineering and project management   Managing engineering schedule, resources and cost Review and control engineering system and quality of deliverables  Interface management among contractors ", "  \tLaunched new products to all Samsung distributors and partners using Live WebEx Video, including training videos, and PowerPoint presentations.  \tDeveloped and performed live product training to audiences in excess of 750 sales professionals, managers, and end user throughout North America.  \tAnalyze chargeback process and design a way to lessen number of deductions or process more efficiently so end number is reduced.  \tCommunicated with product groups on a regular basis on status of products being launched, refreshed or discontinued.  \tWorked closely with VP and Director of printers to launch new products and sell push old products for all vendors.  \tI enjoyed all the live presentations.  It was a great thrill and gave me a confidence boost that nothing else would.  \tCo-workers and all team members were amazing.  They helped and were there no matter what time of day.  \tHardest job was the travel.  I traveled about 90% of the time. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " One division was the greatest division to work under Samung for about 7 years including management and co-workers, not so much with the previos division I was working for 5 1/2 years, but I tried my best to make things easier for me to work in a good enviroment and tried to be friendly with everyone.  I was always ready to help anyone that needed my assistance as I am a team player. ", " every day I learn different problems and resolved it. Improve myself &amp; work performance also. execute excel formulas in payroll system for easy work. ", " Since this was a new project there were a few hiccups but overall through the management this became a good workplace. I had a good learning experience here ", " Hard working company where only the best survive. Very high expectation that will make you successful to succeed in your sector.  A lot of dedication needed for your job, so there i a very bad work/life balance.  Great compensations for hard working and loyalty.    Job security is very low, because the Korean culture just replaces people when they under perform. Very bad communication to evaluate your work. ", " samsung isnt the company the company is Iqor who is a outsource company for samsung. it is a great place to work. everyone is nice and the customers are always happy to have a problem fixed. ", " Samsung Electronics MEGT Libya is been established at one of the most reputed business units of Benghazi City renowned for its business culture and hundred of offices. the Company is been established by the MD / Owner who has been in the electronics market for last 46 years where as the company is based upon more them 150 employees.  its been more over the 8:30 till 4:30 pm office, usually spends dealing with Korea and Tunis Offices as well in market clients and merchandising wing of the company dealing with the OOHs as well as the 3 quarterly and seasonal ATL &amp; BTL Activities where as the top management has to be reported on the weekly basis formally.i have been connected to the BD, Technical Team as well as the Merchandising force of the company collecting and following up there daily based reports and maintain the achieve system of the on ground teams based on which the reports were been prepared to be provided to the management, when ever required . the hardest part of the job no doubt was to accomplish the surprise orders from the GM , who requires the presentations on different aspects including the Social activities , as well as the company prolific meetings and PR , which may occur from no where during the task assigned by the Samsung Korea , or MEA which is usually to be done by the dotted time with particular dead lines. the most enjoyable part of the job was the facilities that the company has provided including , communication , residence &amp; transportation allowances along with the domestic traveling allowance etc. ", " Typical Day at work : Dynamic Collaboration of Cross Functional Teams  What You Learned : Multi Layer Project/Resource Management  Your CoWorkers : Very Enthusiastic  The Hardest Part of the Job : New R&amp;Rs Quarterly  The Most Enjoyable Part of the Job : Rapid Team Growth ", " My Day Normally starts off (at work) I stand in my Telescopic Manlift and help my co-workers. I learned a lot in this company how to improve my self as employee from Pipe Fitter to Manlift Operator A companionship management Were working as a team, as family and respect each other. Working at height and installation pipe fire water. Breaktime. ", " Stay away until they settle management issues. Used to be a better place to work filled with excellent hires. This is no longer the case. Avoid the New Jersey office, the culture there is horrific. ", " they where one of my best jobs! very understanding . was very helpful. training was very good. we were like a big family and no one was left behine ", " Samsung is a fast paced organization that creates leaders. The organizations growth in wireless technology afforded me the opportunity to learn first hand how to manage complex products on aggressive timelines ", " Assigned in the Electronics section of the store. Assisting customers and making sure they are satisfied with their choice of products. ", " I was able to learn many things as far multitasking and being able to use my excellent customer service skills. Even though they didn't offer raises and many advancement options it was an ok place to work. ", " A Certified Project Management Professional,  with nine years of experience in telecommunication/mobile industry during which I acquired diverse and multi-disciplinary skills by being heavily involved in various core business projects within different aspects of the organization such as Sales,  Networks,  Sourcing,  Supply Chain,  Call Centers,  in addition to managing massive launching campaigns in terms of ATL,  BTL,  Retail,  in addition to manging VIP events  across Levant region.  My strengths lie in my ability to manage strategic projects using different project management methodologies, communicating with clients to understand objectives,  diagnosing problems and devising viable solutions,  and ultimately creating actionable recommendations to meet their requirements,  implement marketing launching campaigns in several countries with very strict deadlines    I am exploring new opportunities in the project management &amp; marketing fields where I can utilize &amp; continue to provide strong project &amp; marketing leadership,  as there is considerably more to relate,  I look forward for a meeting where I can illustrate my skills &amp; qualifications further ", " Some days you may work 8 hours, most of the time you may work 3-4 hours.  At times if the lines were down, you may be off work for 1-2 days.  Not a hard job, but can become frustrated when you drive 40 minutes to work just to be told that they meant to call you, not enough work or the line is down, so you can go home. ", " Very relax place to work and commission is good. You will know it's a typical day at work when you start to feel sleepy. And the management is fair in my opinion. Despite it being a sales job,they dont really rush to close on targets. The hardest part of the job is handling customers. If you are not patient enough,one single harsh comment made can cause a huge commotion. But that is quite rare as most customers knows what they want to purchase. ", " hard work, fast pace, good technology to work with, chalenging but interesting. moreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ", "  a typical day at work: Routine  what you learned: I learn more description in my work  management: so far not bad  your co-workers: Team work  the hardest part of the job: When the parts not available with service center and the customer asking for immediately repair.  the most enjoyable part of the job: Updating the pending parts ", " Value your own integrity because it is severely lacking in many managers in the company.  Samsung has quality products but does not do a good job in their hiring process of leaders.  It is a free for all and a significant amount of discrimination that occurs.  For the few leaders that are good they are overshadowed by the bad apples that seem to be allowed to run amuck. ", " If you looking to be confined to one position with empty promises along with unrealistic goals this is the job for you! Only benefit to this position is the ability to network and find other work worth your time. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " 1.nice place &amp; nice work grew ever. 2.Multinationals co-ordination together 3.good management 4. Comparatively better administartion 5. Proper communication between crew 6. Regular work intervals 7.Regular work break ", " My typical day at work are focus, selling on my product and how to achieved my target. I've learned so many things specially in our field as a sales executive, because in our field their is no stop of learning and studying. You have to study, learn and apply in your everyday life as a sales executive. The management are good it is easy to reached them even thou they are in higher position they are very cooperative. The hardest part of the job is if I did not reached my target. The most enjoyable part of the job are I met so many people that I can share what I've learned and because of me they know all about this. ", " *Monitoring of Installation of pipe spool above and underground piping, Supervision. *I learned how to communicate different nationality and understand. *As a Piping Supervisor you know how to manage or handle your people or men in job site, you must provides isometric drawing before they start the job or task and show them the exact location and work place. *I like my co-workers to participate in work not to standing in one place and watch the people what they do. *There's no hardest job if you are hardworking, what can i say,if you are not hardworking you will say hardest job. *Supervisor and workers understand each other and helping each other you will enjoy your job and the job will done easier. ", " Nice environment, great people, heavy workload. The job was very flexible with your personal life. The pay was very good. ", " This place was horrible. I was always singled out and harassed. It was a mess and wouldn't wish this job on my worst enemy. ", " I have enjoyed my experience working at Samsung. I have learnt how to communicate in a professional environment and deal with customers. ", " feel good to work because i can make differences in company. I am a go to person on technical issues since i understand well company processes. ", " Good   - location: near Seoul, it takes 20 min by subway from Gangnam  - salary &amp; welfare: linked to Samsung Group  Bad   - inefficient management  - product portfolio : CCTV, defence, chip mounter                   each product has little connection and market is declining ", " * a hard work on site. * good relation ship with management. * Good co-operation and communication with sub cons,Etc  * Conduct TBM and training . * attend weekly meeting with sub cons management. * ", " I truly valued my time with Samsung and I look forward to enjoying their products for many years to come.  It was a lot of fun helping transition their headquarters to the New Jersey offices and I feel that I made some positive impacts on their day to day activities while working with Hans Shafer and Michael Ham.  I was able to introduce a new set of Cisco Nexus 5596up switches into their environment to create a stable data domain, update and repair their Solarwinds installation and get their Websense working properly amid a busy active directory transition.  Great company and great people! ", " Great company to work for. We are full of high energy and brought a lot of creative ideas to the table to expand knowledge of the Samsung ecosystem daily. It is very enjoyable working with many different retail accounts and training and developing the teams. For more info, contact me. ", " - Challenging work (face to face sales/competing against apple) - Was #1 in Des Moines market for sales at the time I decided I wasn't enjoying it any further. (14 stores in market) - Tracked sales via excel and sent out sales reports daily ", " it's a very intense place to work. you can learn a lot, but you need to be fast. get everything done quickly and with good quality. ", " Fast pace with multiple things to watch and get done. I learned a lot about technology and how to communicate with people better. The management was great, always there if you needed help or had a concern. The co-workers were nice hard working and helpful. The hardest part of the Job is getting everything done in a required time frame. The most enjoyable part of the job has to be learning about the semi-conductor world and how amazing technology really is. ", " knowledge in computer hardware software installation and troubleshoot or diagnose any problem of computer device and fix in different ways ", " Great place to work and awesome company to work for. Learned a ton on how to work without supervision and keep myself motivated at a high level ", " Strong R&amp;D and ambitious company Well procedure and lots of controls monitoring Reward people well based on their performance Care for the staffs from top management Conduct training through the years ", " Great company to work and fun environment. Would love to work in this environment over and over. I recommend this work environment to anyone in this field of work. ", " Good for reputation but, very hard-pressing work environment.   I would not recommend this place for someone who is used to working in Western culture and mindset.   however, it can give you much wider job experience because you have to take on many roles at your post. ", " Tough hybrid american/korean management culture. Very unclear career path and long hours. On the bright side you'll take on a lot of responsibilities quickly and will learn quick. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " An lively workplace environment which is suited for those who love to travel, and train employees on sales strategies and product knowledge. ", " Since I worked with the company as a Construction &amp; Project Management Specialist (Data Center) a great opportunity to develop my skills and learn new things ", " Koreans and the global employees are not treated equally.  Everything though is provided for, from the food (eat all you can resto 3x a day), hotel accommodation, laundry and room service, gym, basketball court, etc.  But the thing that is lacking is the work/life balance.  We were required to work for 11 hrs, 6x a day.  But of course, Samsung is still Samsung.  The perks that you get in working with a prestigious brand cannot be denied. ", " This company was a great university of life. Management helped us through our daily tasks, but we also were taught well to procede on our own. ", " The position I had was very flexible but we worked very hard.  It was a great company so working hard was fun and very exciting. ", " Selling job and become competitive not just to develop myself but as well as fulfilling my goals and my mission to the company. ", " pay rate is too low for the work amount given; everything is urgent and needs to be done asap; best health insurance plan with low payment ", " Great company to work for. Excellent Compensation packages. Good location and excellent benefits packages. Good management teams. ", " It is amazing and truly an excellent experience, and a lucky opportunity to have. Learn so much about the corporate responsibilities and work culture.   \tResponsible for supporting the brand management of display categories, focus on product launch, sales planning, marketing programs, support/management of pre-sales product demo activities.  \tSample Management; Support daily sample requests from sales, maintain relationships with vendors, manage 3rd party sample warehouse, attain over 1,300 products inventory level  \tExecute pricing/promotional bulletins that communicated invoice prices with B2B/B2C customers  \tResponsible for executing customer programs, including promotions, sales incentives &amp; market launch activities  \tCollaborate across various third party vendors, agencies &amp; customers to execute launch in a timely fashion  \tDeveloping product collateral sales support materials , advertising, promotions, &amp; retail events  \tTrained in pulling and manipulating BI reports (net sales, gross sales, sell in vs. sell thru,)  \tCreate weekly salesforce reports/ROI reports, reporting weekly Opp. Wins and newly created opps. Based on the sales reps input  \tMaster admin of new Software License Management portal, generate license keys for North America/Canda for LFD media software products   \tCreated GSCM reports with AP1/AP2 forecasts  \tAssist technical engineers hardware/software to resolve all technical issues ", " Worked at Samsung for over 20 years and it was a wonderful opportunity to work with such amazing people.  I learned most of my skills working in the Credit and Collections dept..working with top electronic companies.  Also, was wonderful working assisting in the sales and marketing department.  The co-workers and management were extremely knowledgeable and treated everyone respectfully. ", " -i'm happy to have everyday morning exercise before doing our job. -a lot of new knowledge about instrumentation work. -they have a good management,they always monitoring us specially about our safety. -the hardest part in our job when there is an accident and injuries. -the most enjoyable part of the job,is when i accomplished the assign work accordingly. ", " I always work remotely, but they bring a good support. Some time there a lot of work, but once your finish all return to the normally. ", " Great experience to learn about different markets and technologies.   Good opportunity to learn about anew culture. Takes a bit of time to get use to the culture but that is with anything that is new. ", " responsible for the construction supervision and installation of structural/fa\u00e7ade works. He is reporting to the resident engineer. His job entails the inspection of curtain wall / fa\u00e7ade construction works in progress that ensures the compliance of materials and workmanship with Approved shop drawings, specification, and method statement,  Submittals and  Monitor the contractor\u2019s progress of work, issues Surveillance Deficiency and Non-compliance report and reporting daily site activities. ", " I experience in this company how to develop my self and to be a high quality workman..Many of them  are creative and helpfull aslo about safety . ", " As with most contract companies, there is no job security at 2020 companies. In a one year time, I had 3 awful managers in 1 year., Except for ride-a longs, our team leaders did their work for them. My last manager scheduled 2 early morning meetings a 6:30 am and a 7:30 am, and was a no-show for both. We were always asked to put in extra time but were never compensated. They do not promote the hard workers, in fact when they need eliminate head count, they do so based on the zip code you live in and not on merit. Do not work for this company. ", " Working with this international organization I was responsible for performing pre-launch, post launch and reproduction tests on CDMA mobile devices. Coordinating and assisting R&amp;D team in resolving protocol, audio and application issues. This also included meeting with the client and preparation of project schedules. QXDM, QPST, QMICM, QCAT and wire shark tools were used. ", " It is really a fast pace company..always biz to deal with...many things to learn and Samsung name is out there.  You can always learn different things from this company. ", " experienced leading of  full product life cycle from concept, requirements obtaining, through design, implementation and validation phases, created a cutting-edge product  in a great fast paced working environment. Improved cross-cultural capabilities. ", " During most of my Employment, I enjoyed my work during performing my assigned task. I worked with my co-workers as a team. The hardest part of the job is during under un-comfortable work environment as the time of excessive humidity during summer.The most  enjoyable part of my job was when we about to accomplish a certain job , We were happy when we were presenting our progress or production to our superior/ manager. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " A typical day at work starts with clearing of emails and attending to phone calls from internal colleagues and external agencies or candidates. ", " Company is good enough. Staff, owner all of them good to each others. I improve my communication and sales skills. Hard part of job is only wait for salary. ", " my main duty for the position is to collate sales information into reports for management analysis purposes and the whole day i handle only data.  However, i managed to learn the technique of using pivot tables in excel to present the relevant data and update data on a regular weekly basis.  The management are great as we are free to communicate using communicator and whatapps.  I only report to 2 managers but my colleagues in office are friendly and willing to teach you.  The most enjoyable time working there is when I am able to learn new things every day and get the reports completed on time.  I can learn new products of the company as they do provide internal product training for staff with lunch provided.  The biggest turnoff from there is the aircon is really cold. Very stressful at work most of the time. The lunch places there are very expensive and crowded too. ", " Great benefits, good overall culture, multinational company, departments work well with each other, strong management, great accomplishment in work. ", " woking timwe from 6.00am to 6.00 pm I learn the welding activities in HRSG &amp; Boiler power piping Samsung is a Korian management company,my management was good and efficient ", " There is always a lot of confusion and no one seems to have any shame in telling you that they don't know the answer to a question you might have... even though knowing the answer to the question is directly relative to their job description.  Payroll is a joke the often mess up your money. But the pay is good, benefits could be better, no corporate discounts with partnering companies. I could keep going.... ", " - Nice to work with. - Good working relationship. Politeness  - Mgmt was good - Very polite. - Working long hours. - Salary time. ", " Co-workers were nice and smart. Work life balance was great when I worked at Rakuten. Benefit was just middle level, can not say good. ", " Good company, emphasis is process. Good benefits and personal time off. Employee picnic, Christmas party, and other fun activities. As long as you understand the Korean culture, you should be fine ", " Good management, experienced senior level managers to guide the peoples to work. more opportunity to learn. can gain experience in all the deciplines ", " There were a lot of chance for improving my skill and learning the new technologies. Also, I could have some pride for my job and my duty. ", " Surah al Maidah Quran chapter 5 verse 32 \" And whoever saves one life\u2013 it is as if he had saved mankind entirely. \"The Glorious Quran teaches us how to live and safe lives . I will do my best to save mankind the rest is in the Hands of God . ", " I learned about differences between Asian and European work environment. I had very professional coworkers in many fields. The company was very high end. The management was very hard working and worked long hours. They traveled a lot to European countries and all over the worled. The hardest was to coordinate between the company's operational facility and the Main Office and scheduling tasks accordingly. ", " 1. Learn new way of hacking application, because I spend too much time to fix Security Issues. 2. Management is good. 3. Workaholic are best suited for Samsung environment. ", " i learn how to communicte with my employeer and co-workers,welding of 38inch stainless steel is the most challenging job i have done with the company ", " Samsung is a great place to work, but DO NOT work for their 3rd party vendor 2020 Companies. They say that they promote from within, but they do not, they pick who stays on jobs by geographical location not performance! ", " Good experience in EPC, new kind of jobs &amp; tasks learned what kind of problems are there in all types of job good co-ordination with co-workers ", " There will Job Work/Life Balance working in Samsung, the only weakness is the Competitive/political sale culture where not every work professional can adapt ", " good place to build experience. great co-workers but not a good pleace to grow within.  it is too fast paced and you have to work over the weekend. ", " Worked as an Intern during Masters, It is very exciting as it is my first job in United States,which helped me to learn and enhance my management and technical skills. It is nice working with co-workers, made me learn different new aspects. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Interacted with clients to make bookings. Analyzed weekly and monthly performance reports of FEDEX\u2019s delivery logistics in the middle east ", " Working for Samsung was one of my best jobs I've had to pleasure to experience. Even thought the story was still in it's infancy the level of training and support both product wise and technical support was phenomenal. We worked closely with the sales of every Samsung phone, tablet and camera on the market the features of each phone in depth along with troubleshooting any phone that came in.       The team environment at the store was great everyone got along and didn't care as much who commission for the sale went towards as long as the customer was happy, And any new employees who didn't feel the same way about putting the customer first didn't last long.        The hardest thing to overcome at the store was when i joined it had only been open for a few months and the stock channel's weren't always set up. This led to times where we would be sold out of 90% of our stock and became a show room at times. ", " I oversee and manage several samsung stores and make sure that our products are being held to brand standards and sales are being driven. ", " Nasser's Al Hajri Corporation Company provides good Working atmosphere between colleagues, company as well reputation with major companies. ", " Check work permits everyday I learned so much regarding safety management and risk assissments. A hard working co-workers in a company. Hardest part of the job when workers do not follow and violet safet rules and regulations. The most enjoyable part of the job when i trained workers that i know they learn so much. ", " Samsung provided experience to work in new culture and best work environment to thrive in consumer electronics area. It was fun working with new technologies and simultaneously learn new language and new culture in South Korea. ", " A very good place to work, solid company, always learning some new. This is a very fast-pace company that keep growing faster than competitors. ", " Great part time job. Typically work day included troubleshooting problems with samsung devices and selling phones, and tablets. Learned a lot about customer interactions and being a vendor within another company. ", " I enjoyed working for Samsung, and appreciate the information I learned. It was a wonderful work environment and I had a lot of opportunity to grow my career. I am, overall, very happy with my experience with this organization! ", " I have learned a lot with my colleagues and had a good team work with spirit.The management provided us a great support for making project execution well. ", " Every day was is challenge. I learned that everyone I worked with I could learn something from and to add to my knowledge base. Management was always supportive on the job and made sure we had personal time for family. My co-workers we always willing to help and be supportive. Hardest part of this job was being away from home. Always learning something new was the best part of this job. ", " day at work receiving all the check-in and check-out form for the new employee and for the emp.who will go for check-out.and start updating my data base. Being a camp administrator i learned how to communicate to other people and how to give people a good and normal life. My co-workers are very nice and professionals. My hardest part of my job is when the my overtime will be cut. My most enjoyable part of my job is when they promote me and increased my salary. ", " Due to proper management, I was able to garner a great amount of exposure in a very short time...  I worked in a very fast pace environment amongst a lot of very talented individuals and I will forever be grateful for such... ", " Great employers to work for with great management with realistic job role expectations. Very varied on a day to day basis and a very enjoyable atmosphere to work in. ", " At nearly every opportunity in my time at this company, I have seen fundamental issues with every aspect of business operations.  From the constant and chronic theft (and misapplication) of ideas from experienced people who come to this factory from previous companies, to the almost religious fervor with which management and supervisors micro-manage every aspect of every single action of employees' days, the miles and miles of red tape that is placed down by executives and management who don't understand why or what they are doing, a culture of complacent non-innovation is fostered that impedes progress.   Employees are encouraged to simply 'be present' in order to get a good review, rather than simply 'doing a good job' or being innovative.  Working hard during the day is simply not valued; rather, focus on developing reports and dealing with constant panic-fueled situations (putting out fires) are the things that motivate people.  People that stay late into the night and do no real contributions are rewarded with favorable reviews and promotions.  Most of the senior staff are grossly incompetent and are simply at high positions due to staying around.  Huge and crippling turnover rate. ", " Samsung is a very innovative company. I have seen Samsung's brand equity grow throughout the years and I am very proud to be part of it. ", " - Everyday at work are started by checking emails in the morning. - I have learned many things on EPC Company in terms of sub-contracting, costing, estimation, and standard procedures of taking a project. - Fortunately, our managers are very good in leading us in very effective way. - Our co-workers are very satisfied and are dedicated on their work responsibility. - The difficult issue in my part is dealing with many different types of people with minimum common sense and understanding at work. - The best part is during Team Building in which we go to a restaurant and gather as a team and celebrate our milestones at work. ", " Very few opportunities going forward with my career there. I am now at a stage, where I own 2 homes, rent a flat with 2 friends, and need to secure my career going forward to bigger better things, ", " I wake in 3am morning and I go to work with my workmates. I go to office to make a daily time record and to report to my supervisor. after that i will go to the stock room and to prepare the cleaning materials and ready to clean the guest's rooms. After that i will check all the room assignments and start to clean. If i finish my work early i will go to my workmate who not yet done to their work and i will help them. After duty i will go to our office together with my workmate and submit our report to our supervisor. The hardest part of my job is to communicate the korean guest and saudi nationals, because almost of them can not speak or understand english. The most enjoyable part of my job when the company went to beach and make team building. ", " I learne dhow to trouble shoot tvs, washer and dryers, refrigerators, stoves and microwaves. the hardest part of the job was helping a customer under 7 mins, but it was possible. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " - Very tight management in work time and accomplishment of work. - Working at weekend is common. - Very proud of Brand-name. - Taking care of each other when working together ", " very fun place to work    We thrive in energy-charged environments, where statements are made and are unified by a single idea - that creativity matters. ", " I loved this job. I enjoyed showing my team different things. We were just a big learning family. ", " For Korean Employee, Samsung culture is very hard to work. Almost decision was only handled by Korean expat.  Local hired person don't have any authorities. Koran Local Employee who is not a Korean Expat have to follow Expat's order. Even though He is not a expert of Customs tax(My Special Job area)  It is very difficult to realize my passion and my goal. That's why I decide to find another job now.  If someone question to me about SAMSUNG, I never recommend this company for Korean ", " Samsung, through Mosaic, is a fun company to work for but there is sadly little in the way of advancement or wage increase. The two positions available are lead and part time which is great for a temporary job but not great for a career minded individual. ", " The management has been fair and supportive when it comes to our needs. ", " it was a good time i have spent with my friends,i have enjoyed that time,learning a lot of things about retail industries. ", " I have learned to have patience and focus on customer's needs.The cooperation with my partners was efficient and help me manage my personal goals and company's targets.Giving the most suitable solution at the requests of clients was the best part of my job. ", " Samsung is a great place to work but is very high paced and has an awful work/life balance.  They carry a typical do more with less attitude.  On the bright side they have amazing benefits. pay well and have a great management team.  Over all it is a good place to work. ", " I found samsung engineering a different company than others in the scence of work culture. In this company all the people are very sincere and very responsible and cooperative with othere discipine also. ", " I have an amazing team and boss at Samsung! Great place for learning and moving fast. ", " Samsung is a good place to work for your single male/female who isn't scared to be in the public eye. With my position I was more of a solutionist. Which can be frustrating, but rewarding at the sametime. ", " A very fast-paced, innovative company that is driven to be the best in everything category it launches products.  Team was best in the industry in creating first-class marketing.  Always pushing the limits and wowing consumes new and exciting ways. ", " it was a hard days at work but i agreed to do so, I've learn that functuality is the most important in my job mand honesty. the hardest part of my job is when obtaining the signature from the issuer at my first day of the job. ", " Our offis is a small one mixed with contractors for a project. Most people are very relaxed enjoyable to work with. Because of the nature of the work I sometimes have to deal with work on weekends and nights. ", " 25% of employees time is spent reporting.  lots of soldiers but very few independent thinkers at the company. ", " You come in and learn from the previous shifts what tools are down and what issues they experience during their shift and sometime previous shifts.  The opportunity to learn quickly diminishes after you're training phases (roughly 3 to 4 months) as the senior personnel are asked to do the more complex jobs in the essence of time.  If you're picked to help then great.  If not then when you ask to  help for learning purposes you'll be given a \"busy\" assignment.  The co-workers with seniority have a distinct leg up as they know what you're trying to learn when their wasn't so much pressure to excel.  The hardest part of the job is finding the \"perfect: time to learn newer task that you haven't seen before without being in the way of progress and slowing the job down.  It is rewarding when you complete task way ahead of schedule and set new records simply because you're learning the tools more and more. ", "  \tInvolved with the national team deploying the new Samsung MMBS for Sprints Network Vision project in the greater Chicago, San Francisco, Puerto Rico, Indianapolis, Pennsylvania, New York, Ohio, and New Jersey areas.  \tSupport the field using BSM (CDMA) and LSM (LTE)  \tCommissioning and Integrating CDMA, LTE, and TDD-LTE  \tCertified in installing and maintaining Cisco's MWR 2941 Router  \tDevelop/Maintain commissioning &amp; integration documentation and provide necessary technical support to engineers nationally  \tManaged/support Field Engineers on a market and national level  \tConfigured and Troubleshot Cisco ASR 901k Router(Firmware, License and Configuration).  \tManaged various projects including but not limited to 800MHz/1900MHz CDMA and LTE as well as 2.5MHz TDD-LTE ", " The working environment provide a great place to learn and improve upon computer and customer service skills. ", " Interesting projects, team and technical features to work with... "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " No over times most of the time. Got to work more than 8 hours most of the time. not good work culture. Benifits are good. ", " Iqor is a great start off stepping block and is very eductional only learning samsung products ", " remote into people tv to fix their problem and then help co-workers ", " I have been working at SAMSUNG R&amp;D INSTITUTE, Dhaka, Bangladesh full-time (more than an year). Great products and innovation. Potential for personal growth if you are willing to work hard and focus on corporate initiatives, there is definitely potential for personal growth! If I had to point out a negative it would be the amount of time spent on administrative tasks and reporting which does impact time spent with our customers. ", " Too many dispatcher from HQ and control all of employees as Asian working environment. ", " Good working environment, nice accomodation, nice transportation. Up to date salary. Problem is no give up to date contract............................................................................... ", " liked working here was a very lax environment .............................had fun met a lot of people  learned a lot of new things to healp me move forward. good management and employees were okay not the best but alright ", " I am going to talk to you about the hardest part of the job i was in on my previous company that i worked with. The hardest part of the job was actually communications between us co-workers. As our salary is all actually based on personal sales. Having personal sales as your target will actually increase the competition between me and my  co-workers as there will always be a misunderstanding here and there. For example Co-worker A was with this customer that was Co-worker B's customer but A did not know as the customer just came in and went saying what they want. with that arguments might happen in between. So what i had learnt is that sometimes we may need to let it go. If it was really their customer, all we need to say is a word of sorry, or lets say if you accidentally took your co-worker's customer, just find a chance to return him/her your next customer. with that arguments would then lessen. ", " Samsung Austin Semiconductor (SAS) is one of the most advanced semiconductor manufacturing facilities in the United States. SAS manufactures logic components for digital services, tablets, smart phones, and other mobile devices. Since 1997, SAS has been at the forefront of manufacturing technology. ", " Working with suppliers in Europe to supplying materials to internal factories in overseas such as Korea, Latin America and etc.. During the period, I have learnt procurement flow and negotiation skills. ", " Part time position, doing sales and marketing pitches to the general public in Currys / PC World. I used my knowledge of camera's and computers to full effect and generated some great sales figures. ", " A day as a Samsung Experience Consultant can be extremely rewarding and at the same time challenging. Throughout the day, I find my self selling, teaching and troubleshooting all at one time. I am constantly helping customers to find what they need, and even more than that finding what is going to better their life. Being able to have a hands on job has taught me more about today's technology than i'd ever imagine it would. My co-workers and I work as a team with the employee's in Best Buy, and together we are able to have a successful relationship in maintaining high sales. Everyday I look forward to putting a smile on every customers face, and helping them find a phone or tablet that will in some way shape or form make their every day life easier. ", " it was great working for samsung pvt ltd .i love every thing in retail about customer service .collectng data base of customers and having good relationship with customers ", " They are more on progress but sometimes they sacrifice the quality..  Need more productivity to the site management..  But the good things, for every 6 months of work we have 17 days vacation. ", " I learned QC Inspection in the field of Civil and Painting Inspection doing field or on site inspection for 16 years, see my attached resume. Management were very supportive and my co-workers were very cooperative. The hardest part of the job was when sub-contractors were not cooperating hence Non-Conformance Report were always issued. I enjoy the accommodations in our camp with complete ammenities. ", " Fun to Work For and the everyone was very helpful  Training was excellant ", " Managed and ensured all orders are processed in accordance with both Samsung policies and specific customer agreements.  Produced monthly and historical reports of customer order backlog, shipments, current and projected aging inventory, detailed month to date and year to date revenues, including sales forecasts, by product category Maintained material master, sales bills of material, configuration management, and sales order integrity picked and pulled orders , forklift operator . ", " Global leading company with advanced system and motivation system, but it was very difficult to be balanced with company work and personal life by too busy work things. It was good chance to know advance IT system as well as global network and innovative ideas to breakthrough all the times and experienced tough competition in global market in electronics, but hard to make free time for family and personal refreshment.  But it was good to experience it. ", " Very Interesting place to work in,m a fortune 500 company with little to no room to grow in. as a contract employee I feel it in every way, shape and form. very interesting indeed it played its part in my life and happily I moved forward. ", " i love this job but this is seasonable job.The only thing which makes me applying for another job is this job is only weekend and i am looking for full time job. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " A typical day at work consists of visiting stores to build relationships and work with and train staff to drive sales while performing daily operational tasks.  I have learned how to work on multiple projects at once and deliver by timelines.  Management are very result driven.  Co-workers are all talented and great to work with.  Co-workers are very supportive and always willing to pitch in and help out for the common goal.  The hardest part of the job is trying to have a work life balance when there are always deadlines.  It is hard to take an actual day off because work is always coming in and sometimes expected.  Working with the team and seeing success happen. ", " Easy and pretty laid back. Gets bad when someone accuses you of not doing something on time even thought you did it. Im only a contractor hoping to get a better position but if you want to learn and grow then it is a good job. ", " A great team and management, always so supportive and always making each day an enjoyable experience. ", " A typical work week is 40+ hours, from 7A.M. to 7P.M. and some overtime Saturday. We inspect anywhere from 200 to 500 phones a week, depending on the work load of the week. It is an easy job if your follow the instructions and do your work correctly. This job is not for eveybody, it required patients and takes time to develop the skills to correctly and accurately inspect phones and other devices. The people are great and down to earth, sometimes they may seem stressed out but no more then anyother job. ", " Extremely goal oriented workplace with incessant hardworking spirits. Various chances to work in the expertise area. Very strong inner culture called inner circle mind. Very competitive culture needs guaranteed performances on a year round basis. Very inclined to the academic backgrounds. If you are not in their backgrounds, you might feel lonely and alienated. ", " A typical day at work -It's very exciting when coming to work because all of the employees are very fun and the work is very easy.  What you learned - I learned how to troubleshoot different kinds home entertainment appliances.  Management - Very particular when it comes to attendance  Your co-workers -They're very easy to get along with  The hardest part of the job - When doing the troubleshooting and the caller is not listening  The most enjoyable part of the job - Events of the company and anniversaries ", " With almost 7 years working in different company here in UAE I am very thankful for those companies i work with for the opportunity they are given to me as a land surveyor. I learn a lot from them mostly with in terms of problems on work site area. ", " Spent just 1 month Really inspiring The campus is amazing: a lot of things to do after work ", " I am Jimmy e. latorre,working in shaybah increase gas handling capacity samsung engineering my job here as a qc electrical inspector prepare and review the energization package,visual inspection at site testing megger and high pot test. ", " Management does not have any clue how to lead with sales and leadership. You will find yourself moving backwards in this department and instead of excelling in your role. ", " Great place to work. They have innovative products that are on th ecutting edge. Small company feel in large corporate environment. ", " Typical Day as a District Sales Manager consisted of data analysis, employee review, in field Ride alongs to develop my team of sales individuals.  Lead team conference calls to review carrier partner playbooks, review best practices, coaching, sales techniques, Samsung territory data on a territory by territory basis.  Approve District and territory budgets, travel and expense reporting.  Work closely with Carrier partners to develop sales programs and training opportunities.  Kept in close communication with other DSM's in our North Central Region (5 DSMs) in which we shared overlap of districts that aligned with carrier partners.  The most difficult part of the job was the work/life balance.  In our industry, you are required to stay on top of every minute of the day and requires an enormous amount of organization and planning.  Always adjusting to fit the multiple carrier models that we support.  The most enjoyable part of the job was the people and connections I worked with.  Samsung employed only the most professional people they could find. ", " It can be a good learning job that pays fairly well. But what ever one does, its very difficult to understand their culture and way of operation as a foreigner. ", " Good place to work, open culture, global culture. Fun place. With good funds for research and development ", " Revising HR reports; Daily manpower status, checking time sheets, payroll, interviewing candidates, complying HR procedures with local legislation requirements. ", " Working at Samsung is being ready to develop serious speed in execution, develop one's ability to adapt to every situation and finally endurance knowing you're working in a fast growing international business.  A typical day can have you using sequentially all of your skills and make you develop new ones to achieve a designed target.  I've developed serious project management skills that allowed me to achieve my objectives while dealing with pressure and deadlines efficiently  co-workers are great to be with when you manage to get everyone in line. Working on a project basis can design any of the employee of the office as project leader for a specific work. Then, management skills of one's are required to keep cohesion  between different personalities and ranks and work as a team to reach our objective  the hardest part of the job is that slowly your life balance is disturbed and you find yourself spending your weekends working in the office instead of being with your family. by the time you realize it, a year has passed and you're already on some other project ", " Maintaining an audit file for each contractor, which would include the original contract, all correspondence, changes/deviations, amendments, clarifications, payment schedules. Also, preparing and disseminate information to appropriate Samsung Executives regarding contract status, facilitate contractor meetings, and accounts receivable. Perform closing activities as needed, such as comparing actual cost with current budget.  Track payments and deadlines. Analyze and mitigate risk. Provide contract summaries and ensure contract execution in accordance with company policy. Overseeing quantity surveys and reviewing to ensure proper order of procedures.   The work environment is very laid back and I work closely with Senior Engineers.    The hardest part of the job would be dealing with our vendors incompliance with procedures.  The best part is solving solutions for my Senior Executives when they need a tasked completed on the financial side. Which gives me the opportunity to apply Excel skills. ", " Hard working company. No work/life balance.  Job security is very good. ", " Good Company. Great people to work with and great benefits. As a staff position you are given  immense responsibilities. ", " If you are software engineer in Samsung Electronics, then you will have to too much work but the time you have is short. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Ive learned , to overcome difficult clients and to enjoy the small delights, it was an experienced that made me the person im today, and ill always be thankful ", " Each day presents a new and exciting set of challenges, along with knowledgeable management willing to teach. Most coworkers are enjoyable and helpful to work with. I very much enjoy working with most everyone and enjoy learning about new technologies. ", " Great company to work for in the age of cell phone evolution, great management and trainers, work life balance is not so great but it is an ever-changing industry so I expect that ", " Great people to work with and the job itself is very hands-on. There's little to no training as schedules are never really set and projects are rushed. The hardest part about the job is that you never learn anything new. ", " Long term employees because this was a great place to work. The work/life balance was there. EHS was a great department. ", " Very very unique work environment. The semiconductor manufacturing business is unlike no other. Very fast paced, high stress.. but very rewarding. ", " - Rotational Training's in different departments - Procurement department learning experience with Executive thing ", " Its a very good experience working with this company. You will learn lots of stuffs here ", " An interesting and highly successful company with a unique work environment and strong Korean culture. It was very enjoyable working with colleagues, many of them the best in their field and be part of the exciting world of leading technology and latest gadgets. Samsung is a brand one cannot help being proud of however some senior managers struggle with anger management issues, lack of professional behavior and common courtesy. What I liked most about my time in Samsung was the freedom of  tryinig out new ideas and overall support for creativity. ", " Fast paced working culture. Highly talented management. very co-operative co workers. ", " Emails, SCES, Coworkers were great, Enjoyable Part everybody is friendly ", " Absolutely amazing company to work for, I would highly recommend it. ", " The good compansation but hard work, 6 days working a week from 7:00AM to 8~9:00 PM. ", " Good company , stable , management is like family . Samsung is not a number based job is more quality and value. ", " Samsung is not a bad place to work. There is a cafeteria and gym on site, and they give you a little money every month to eat there. The health benefits and 401k were really good. The pay was not great when I worked there. I started at 11/hr, and through my years there nobody was getting any significant raises at all. They did have quarterly bonuses though, so that was a plus. Job security was good as well when I worked there. If you don't mind being on your feet for about 10 hours a day it's not too bad. ", " Stringent time lines to meet deadlines.  Politics in management.  Very good and supporting co-workers. ", " It does not get any better than this!  Dynamic work environment with new challenges every day.  The benefits are outstanding and the employees are the cream of the crop.  One of the best companies for which I have ever had the pleasure of working. ", " a typical day at work consisted of interacting with many different types of people from all over the world. responsibilities were product demonstration, consultation, concierge service, tech support and more management was amazing and so were the rest of the team ", " conducted inventory count at beginning and end of the shift ", " Samsung is an international company with many opportunities. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " If you like a job with changing procedures everyday with a lot of pressure and low paid, that is your place. ", " \uf0b7 Provide network and system support for enterprise level operations. \uf0b7 Configure and install fifteen Additional Domain Controller for a single domain. \uf0b7 Install and configure many servers on Hyper-V \uf0b7 Configure Symantec Antivirus for servers and clients. \uf0b7 Install and Configure Firewall \uf0b7 Support users in hardware, software, and network troubleshooting. \uf0b7 Design, configure, and test computer hardware, networking software and operating system software regularly. \uf0b7 Help Desk Managemen. \uf0b7 Multiple network project management. ", " A typical day at work for me come to work do my job  .Love assisting customers helping out and solving issues.love improving in areas where I am weak ", " There are many people who have been at this company for 10 + years that have not been promoted while other people who know management personally are promoted through the ranks although knowledge of systems are lacking.  Senior technicians lack the knowledge to train junior personnel for reason stated above. ", " Great Company, but little to no work/life balance. Multiple managers. A lot of competition. Samsung devices were fun to demo. ", " I learned a lot of technologies in there. Really good company ", " i have experience to learned lots in gadgets, mobile and appliances. ", " Heavy press for mission but it is helpful to upgrade myself.  I learned management skills, multi-functional teams across several geographical locations, problem solving.  Highly educated co-workers  The hardest part: insufficient man power, too many reports and materials to prepare  Enjoyable part: training chances ", " Multi door experience Scheduling freedom Great co-workers ", " responsible duties to showroom every event and i learned how to sell great package to the costumer ", " A typical sales job in the world of retail but still very interactive though. Co workers added great amount experience in every aspect of the job ", " Felt proud when my product has released Needed to adopted in fast changing industry Quite close-knit relationship with other colleagues ", " everyone eager to help, team oriented environment. learn new things everyday. coworkers helpful very challenging tasks everyday. ", " professional oppourtunity to learn More skill in this filed of Mechanical aspects ", " Samsung is the fastest growing company in this world. The management is very active but at times it is quite annoying for staff who has got families. During your day, you'll never stop receiving instructions even during nights. However this will make any other job extremely easy to you. ", " TAKREER is a good company, and I am interesting to work with Takreer ", " From my view point it is not the best place to work ,there is no human resource mean the right of the employee are not respect,no holiday pay, no otr ,just quantity all the time no healthcare nothing a lot overtime yes  but does not pay good and no plan for improvement but from my view point some of them need to go back to  school because they don`t know how to deal with worker ,I am willing to learn more but there is nothing to learn how much I give is no use the result is all the same ,from a management view point is zero,competition does not pay there ,if you looking for place advancement don`t even think of it,the most enyoyable part you can use the resroom during work time only, according to the plan  manager he affect the production ,new worker and old work same pay the money only for the company if you don`t work overtime you get nothing they don`t care for worker at all ", " The best part of my job is to work on different issues/scenarios everyday so you never stop learning. You get to meet the customers and interact with exec level leaders sharing their views and working with them during certain projects The most enjoyable part of the job is the chance to work in the lab duplicating clients network and troubleshoot LAN/WAN issues ", " Great Company, great products, there is little room however to move up. ", " typical day at samsung was very busy because lot of customers has had lots questions about products of the company of samsung like phones, tablets, computers etc. At this job i have learnt a lot about the new technology which improving the products day by day. There i had a lot of co-workers who were very helpful for me at my beginning of my job, and to the customers too. The hardest thing at this job appeared usually when a product come with new technology but i was so glad when quickly and easy i learned the new thing and would recommend this product to customers with full information about the product. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Always had contest and random theme days. Also enjoyed having company uniforms. ", " While the work there is very easy and robotic driven, its nice to see the advances they make every day. ", " - A typical day would involve accompanying a team member in the field on a store visit, assessing key role competencies and store standards/compliance and opportunities. Grow business relationships in key stores, ultimately creating action plans and setting objectives to drive the Samsung CE business forward - I have learned many things about my management style and lots about the Electronics/Technology industry as a whole. I have learned how to manage and develop a team of territory managers remotely. I have developed my skills in how to drive team development and engagement forward. - My Co-workers are fantastic and i have seen how a passionate and driven team can work well and also how to keep them motivated in among a stressful and fast paced environment. - Hardest part of the Job is the demands of Samsung and how there expectation Vs reality can be clouded and the pressure that comes with HQ Korean visits. - Most enjoyable part of the job would be working closely with my team to achieve some incredible results and seeing them develop into more senior roles ", " Pros   big company, stable job position, good benefit and good city to live in. Taking huge profit from the market now, and still looking to dominate market share in future.    Cons    culture is more closed, not much space to do research independently. woking hours too long and stressful. ", " I learned that Samsung is an amazing company that is driven to be the best in everything they do.  Co-workers know the direction where the company is going and it is an intense atmosphere to be in. ", " a typical day at work hours are 8am to 5pm usually arrive at seven plan day and usually leave rather late ive learnt that without putting in extra you do not achieve extra as part of management,building relationships is vital my co-workers are sensational except for one or two that one could just not trust the hardest part of the job is to keep staff constantly motivated and to show them how strong you are no matter what the circumstances are the most enjoyable part of the job is when a task is complete and there is smiles all round and then of course the rewards ", " Present employment is quite satisfactory. Searching for a placement for building my career, I look forward for an opportunity where I can deliver more and to grow in position and knowledge along with fulfilling management goals. ", " The good: - Lots of smart and interesting people come and go, good for networking. - If lucky you can get to work on products that are used by millions of consumers.  The bad: - Poor planning, varying workload, long hours for no good reason. - Most managers are just terrible. - Not many opportunities to grow or move internally.  The ugly: - Disgusting internal politics. - Evaluations are a total joke. ", " A lot of hard work. Very good training program.I worked very long hours. ", " Product design Engineering Push engineers to work much work Very friendly Always define business goal to high and push engineers to arrive that goal. So much cases to challange--- help individual development. ", " Daily Cpmmunicatoin with Sales Field Managers Learn how to be flexible proactive and always alert to promote your products and to focus on competitor's promotional and marketing activities Working with 6 dedicated promoters enhance my team working capabilities Deadline was always one of the most disfficult part of  the job but always with the perfect timetable there is always a solution Direct Interaction with salespersons achange of opinions was the most enjoyable part of my job ", " \uf076\tTo supervise the sub-contractors during the execution of construction activities. \uf076\tGood knowledge of various ASME codes such as ASME Sec. IX, ASME Sec. V and ASME Sec. 31.3. \uf076\tPreventing accidents accruing as a result of negligence by enforcing clients safety standard on the work site ", " I learned how to deal with different people especially to client, vendor, suppliers and subcontractors.  I loved this job and I learned how to deal efficiently with my co-workers.  I learned also how to control my emotions and even when it comes to pressure I learned how to control and act normally in times of pressure to work.  I loved this company since I could support my family. I enjoy while working because of different challenges in work. I considered the most enjoyable part is how you could handle the situations and to discover techniques on how to do your job easily. ", " It's a nice work environment. Very friendly co-workers. Enjoy working here. ", " I like it here. It's fun and exciting and we are making a difference. ", " I am self confidence to handeling any situation at any place. ", " I was actually working on a contract for Samsung through Mosaic ", " In front of the poncuality of samsung vision in the market sensing and its huge marketing management and advetising campaign, I experienced great difficulties to introduce a very organizational challenge that this position was offring me. A daily collect of information from the national territory (Algeria) was not such an easy task. Maybe this job was not mechanical, but I am such proud and happy from what I accomplished and the things I learned in its duration. ", " long days, 12 hour shift, equipment still under warranty couldn't work on the equipment yet. ", " PST is a part of the wireless product realization team at Samsung. What is done is testing of software tools for different cell phone models of Samsung for different carriers like Sprint, Verizon etc. The software tools such as SPIRENT or Samsung proprietary \u2013 SAMSUNG PST are used to program the cell phones which use EVDO, CDMA and GSM technologies with IS95 and BREW platforms.  Environment: Windows, Ms-Office, Spirent, Quick Test Professional.  Responsibilities:   \tInvolved in verification of the GUI, Functionality and Usability of application.  \tWriting of Test Cases and Test Plan, recording of Test Cases.  \tEnsured traceability between requirements and test cases.  \tDeveloped Automated Test Scripts using QTP.  \tData Driven Testing was performed using parameterization in Quick Test professional.  \tGeneration of TSL Scripts and customization of script for enhancing the performance of the testing process.  \tPerformed Integration and Functionality Testing Using QTP.  \tVerification of functionality of different features in the application was performed to ensure online security.  \tPerform Data Driven Testing using Parameterization.  \tGeneration of TSL Scripts and customization of script for enhancing the performance of the testing process.  \tPerformed Back-end Testing using SQL queries extensively to retrieve data. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Construction company  Learned documentation  Very good co operation Long working hours Very good and supportive management ", " In a typical work day as a Assistant Finance Manager, I have a great  impact on the entire organization from a financial perspective. The Finance group is literally at the helm, steering the ship along the course as directed from senior management. Samsung Electronics America is unique in every facet, as it is very transparent and all employees most quickly adopt an extraordinary work ethic to not only survive but thrive. During my second round of interviews it was stated \"If you enjoy learning and taking on new challenges Samsung may be the right place for you.\" ", " They are a leading innovator of security products, such as CCTV &amp; Access Control, across many markets such as: Transportation, Logistics, Retail, Manufacturing, Government and Utilities and are a global security provider, with customers and offices across the world. ", " - Korean Style - Very fine technologies - Respect to managers ", " I really enjoy my co-workers,good management and learned a lot from my experiences. ", " was imporved my knowledges and experence.i had hardest part of my job, supporting appr. 270 employees, solving technical issues every day. ", " A typical day at work is non-stop because of the great work ethics the company has. I learned excellent Marketing, Sales, and Negotiation skills. ", " A typical day at work was visiting cell sites to perform different task, such as integration, site surveys, inspections or BTS commissioning. I learned the newest technologies on the markets and how to commission and troubleshoot in different ways. Management was great and very organized. The word that describe my co-workers is awesome, we were a very close team and we helped each other in every way possible. The hardest part of the job was the traveling and the weather conditions in the field during winter, but that's part of this industry. Learning and working with the latest technology and equipment was the most enjoyable part of the job. ", "  \tResponsible of welcoming all customers in our store.  \tResponsible of customer\u2019s comes first attitude and delivered legendary customer service  \tResponsible of providing the needs and demands of all customers with a high quality of service and customer satisfaction.  \tResponsible of register and merchandising tasks, such as re-stock, re-merchandising, display, price markdowns and transfers. ", " This job involved heavy data analysis and reporting up the chain for vice presidents and headquarters. Decisions were mostly out of the U.S. leadership hands, and most things were dictated by headquarters.  If you're comfortable with that and a really hard working culture, then this is a pretty good job.You really get to analyze problems and deep-dive into issues, but only insofar as you are directed by management. ", " Working with Samsung, I have had the opportunity to collaborate with different teams and provide my services to upcoming projects. I continued to learn a roll in how to manage time to ensure all deadlines were met and how to work with others as a team when necessary. ", " Good Company with lots of Projects.Great products. Challenging work/personal life balance ", " I was working a compressed shift. 12 hours for 3 -4 days. You got an hour paid lunch and one 30 min. paid break . They have really good benefits and quarterly bonus. They also have a gym and half court for basketball. They also have a cafeteria where SAS employees get 50$ consumable for a month. Overall it's a very nice place to work at. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job is having parties frequently ", " I really enjoyed my time at Samsung. The people who I worked for and with were all just great. I gained experience with some of Samsung's latest LTE equipment and tools. The work environment was very friendly and supportive, and my lead was extremely knowledgeable and helpful. I hated to see the project end. ", " I work as makerting manager at Genesis mecro financial Ghana and one day i was working and it rain but becuase i was using motor and dont have any plaece to go to i have to work when it was raining but i feel confortable becuase it my only work i have for now,and they i have  learned alot from they but it just thst they don't want to pay as again that why i have to leave that plaece.In my departmant we have about 15workers and 5 branch in only Ghana and some time our motors don't take asto our plaese that we are going to and we vlove our meeting days with all the department in Ghana here, and tipically we 5time a week, thank you. ", " Every at work shown a valuable relationship with the customers and other colleagues in the office,Because meeting People is typically the daily job.  Having Joined the Company(s) it has been a learning ground for my kind of careers as a Account Officer,Sales Representives,InventoryManagement.Also building my Customers' Orientation intelligencies.  It has make me understand the importances in generating Monthly Report for Financial Purposes and the growth of the company at large.  My Co-workers are team making and contributed their best to my personal life and the work on-going.  The most confrotation on the Job is the Lack of Standard in the growth of Workers' welfare to an extent.  I make the Job enjoyable because I believed that alone can increase my sense belonging. ", " This was one of the most rewarding job I have ever had.  The company is very organized in it's processes and procedures.  The position I had was challenging but not over bearing.    My co-workers were very professional and always willing to answer questions.  The company was about 95% paperless and I loved that everything was always available at your fingertips.  The management team was wonderful and always willing to help you succeed at your job. ", " Very good company to grow with. Started off as an apprentice and became a tech support agent. ", " Don't tuch anything if you don't know the use of that thing... "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " good incentives to work for Samsung, great experience. People are outgoing and friendly ", " one company of Samsung Group. Good for the first job and for learning structure of Samsung ", " I have to start off by saying Samsung is one of the greatest companies when it comes to creating solid innovative products. But as far the leadership and executives are concerned they got it all wrong. The company runs extremely poorly and it seems at times they are just figuring things out as they go. There is no way that if this continues this company can continue to be a leader.   The work life balance is completely off, managers treat employees like worker ants never taking into consideration their personal needs. There feels to be no job security and kiss you dreams goodbye if you expect to advance.  I would not recommend working for samsung, unless in some technical area. Sales and account management is a nightmare. ", " Great co workers, great work life balance, pay and benefits. Many opportunities for change and advancement. ", " Working as team is always pleasure. Compete with other teams and achieve goals. ", " Working with the number 1 technology company in the world, Samsung, has been a breath of fresh air!! The position started out as an experiment at first, which allowed me to step in and develop my own business within a store. The management (without micro-management) has taught me how to lead a team, build strong relationships, and how to increase profit share immensely. The position is flexible, and understands the importance of having a balance in your work as well as your personal life.  If you are a leader, and want a constantly changing career where the more you put in you get out, than this position is for you!  The potential for growth in this company is never-ending! ", " A multi culture organisation. Good working experience in Administration and facilities management. ", " Horrible management, rule by fear believe in extreme punishment and very high attrition rate. HR pays people to submit good reviews on glassdoor to beef up their ratings Management is verbally abusive and if you have some industry experience the shark will swim around you ready to for you to make a mistake. They promote team leaders that are college grads with no people skills and no experience on how to manage senior engineers. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE the experience can only be lived and there are not enough words to describe it ", " Learned how to contact local buyers as well as how to persuade them to accept our goods. Co-workers are good. ", " Overall management is excellent and maintained well. You will get opportunity to shoulder responsibilities with a wide range of nationalities. Work culture is good, (even if, sometimes it seem to be overly Korean biased). Management shall implement more training programs to its employees as part of its measure to continually improve its System quality. ", " My work day started with a excise, meeting,safety talk with the workers. The one thing i have learned safety come first what ever you are doing, managing workers you have to be a people person you must lead by example. I value my co- workers opinion.The hardest part of my job is meeting.I enjoy going home to my family after a safe work day. ", " Worked on handset testing project with Samsung Telecommunications (USA), for 3S Network Inc. Project covers 3G (UMTS/EVDO) &amp; 4G (LTE/WiMAX) Mobile handsets application testing to ensure normal functioning of device. - Ensuring application availability, quality, performance, stability, and security and identifying testing defects and developing Test Plans for mobile devices. - Collected logs using QXDM for issue found and different AP and CP logs, Identified, analyzed and reported issues to customer on daily basis. - Device testing includes Network Subjective testing, Application Testing, Email Testing, Client Application Testing, Radio Testing, Speed Testing and GPS Testing ", " Koreans have discrimination. They treat Filipinos differently. They have high budget meals for Koreans and low budget meals for Filipinos. No Job Security because they will get rid of you if they want to anytime. Regular working hours is 12 hours per day. Payday is the only the enjoyable part after a months hard work. ", " SAP taught me a lot. We were responsible for the hub, a huge responsibility and we were very proud to have that responsibility. We were a unique team! ", " Compiling Data &amp; Reports  Project/Contract tracking   Learned that accuracy and time management is key to the position. ", " I was a decent company to work for I resigned from this company to go back to school ", " Train and share product knowledge with employees in over 30 different locations. ", " Samsung Electronics America is a major electronics company based in Seoul South Korea. ", " Responsible for integrating, troubleshooting, and repairing Samsung\u2019s 3G/4G Multi-modal Base Stations for Sprint in the Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Dakota Markets. Installed and FTP files, firmware, IOS, and licenses into Samsung 3G/4G DUs and Cisco CSR 901 router. Performed ATP verifications and alarm clearing before migrations could be completed. Worked with switch operations to complete migrations from legacy equipment to Samsung MMBS equipment. ", " I worked events for Samsung so i traveled to different Cities to set up and run big events. I was in charge of making sure everyone had badges, admissions, paperwork, setting up, communicating, talking with clients and showing off new merchandise. It is a fun atmosphere however, i want something some permeant and  stable as I don't want to travel as much right now.  The hardest part about the job is working 14hour shifts back to back for weeks straight.  Most enjoyable moments are laughing with the clients and meeting new people. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " In working in samsung as a merchandiser is very challenging job, it has a lot of things to do starting from 8:30 in the morning we need to proceed to our office for me to time in then go straight to our warehouse to get some materials that we need to deploy or install in the mall, after this things I need to report all off the things that I've done by sending pictures. The only hard part for this job is when there's a special things to do, the most enjoyable part of this job is I get to khow different kinds of people. ", " I loved being an experience consultant, just wish they allowed for more of a family life. Not a good option in this market if you're a single parent. ", " it was okay to work but the organisation was huge i just felt one of the many fish in the sea ", " Its an EPC company who has its branched all around the world. Has done Oil and Gas Projects inside UAE and GCC countries including Irag. ", " Highlights: Global job rotation. benefits  Plenty of team building event held in LG. Great work environment, friendly atmosphere despite of sales pressure. ", " As an in bound lead i would have to come in an empty location so that the new freight could be put in to the racks ", " starting the with shop visits checking of displays,shop issues what went well ad what went wrong,have a little conversation to the store manager visits around 4-5 shops daily. i learned to many things on Samsung i develop my computer skill,i learned handling people,how to read and analyzed business reviews,how to deal with conflict on dealers,how to manage business with in the certain region, my co workers are good and  we are sharing knowledge and i learn a lot to them. the hardest part of the job is consolidating of reports because there no room for a little mistake because the business review will be having conflict if there is a small mistake on the reports.The most enjoyable part of the job is when my i see handling people receiving incentives because they realize that i do my pa.rt as their supervisor ", " Nice job to have in college, however, as this is retail, there is no schedule balancing and their are major inconsistencies.  Good, not great job, ", " -a typical day at work: study, meeting, lunch, design, coffee, coding -what you learned: good planning is a key of success -management: Asian -your co-workers: interesting people from different countries -the hardest part of the job: understand of the Asian culture -the most enjoyable part of the job: almost unlimited possibilities to self-realization ", " I got along with my bosses and co-workers, but discovered that it wasn't the kind of work that I find appealing. ", " Good company to work for, but no work/life balance. Great people to work with... Competitive salary ", " Wonderful team to be in. Very friendly and guiding colleagues. I got to learn a lot being a new college graduate. ", " There was always a pleasure for working at this company, with different things going on each day. ", " it was a great job but, communication between employees of mosaic and samsung needs to be improved other than that one of the best employers i have ever worked for ", " This is the worst place I've ever worked at. This company doesn't allow phones on premises. During the summer hours, employees rarely work more than 45 hours in two week work period. It is a highly stressful job with little to no benefits. ", " Boss giving Tasks. A complete construction works from Estimation to Quality &amp; discipline with management and colleagues. This is the field where i work a lot,managing the Sub-Contractor &amp; Owner in the field. Excellent atmosphere,its like a home. BOQ &amp; managing the Sub-Contractors. Reviewing the documents. ", " Good organization for work culture and very cooperative colleges ", " Usually I make daily,weekly and monthly reporting of collections from different dealers of the company.I usually go out on fields to collect checks from different dealers and post it on our website for our managers to view it. The hardest part of the job when you are on outdoor work and it is raining, the most enjoyable part of the job when you successfully collected checks from different dealers. The management is accommodating in giving allowance once I requested it. ", " A typical day at work is a new experience everyday,a new production is provided everyday,the management is ok should be a little better more friendly and open,co-workers are very easy to get along with only at lunch there's no talking in the production room,packaging cell phones is the job.The best part of  it is seeing the new phones that's hitting the market. ", " A typical day at work consist of helping customers troubleshoot basic tech questions. upgrade softwares and give knowlege to customers "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " at the time of plant commissioning , first coil of plant production may failured at first time ,at that time we work hard during night hours to completed the commissioinig in time to take the production ", " Samsung is a very successful , wide ranging, leadership oriented corp. ", " .good and safety jobsite .more knowledge at the field of instrumentation . ", " Working hard, learning from the jobs, on-site and off site training and technical paper for technical conference. The hardest part of the job is very demanding and fast space.  The most enjoyable part of the job is achievements of the job well done ", " Great place for a person to gain experience early in their career. Cutting edge FAB with new equipment that produces advanced LSI chips.   Day-to-day depends largely upon what department you are in. There is definitely a downside of large amounts of inane, and pointless tasks that you will be asked to do. However, you are likely to be given responsibility within your scope and if you have the drive you can find yourself empowered to make tough decisions and do interesting work.  Company culture is...well...interesting. It could definitely be improved. There are definitely a lot of unhappy people that work there. Part of this is related to being a subsidiary of a foreign company - it can feel like you are at the mercy of headquarters. ", " The most enjoyable part at work was working around the newest cellphones. ", " Monitoring as my type of work. Lean to manage my time fo the whole shift ", " I typically communicate to my team the daily priorities manufacturing has as far as product movement and roadblocks in the line.  I will then allocate resources to ensure that quality and efficient work is done to achieve our goals.  I currently provide leadership to equipment and process technicians to which I communicate the requests of engineering and manufacturing.  The hardest part of the job is performance managing individuals who make mistakes but the best part of my job is the satisfaction I feel when my own employees are recognized for the excellent work they do.  A Supervisor position is a difficult job but I have learned how to inspire people to take pride and accountability in their everyday work. ", " We have oil and gas construction work I learned other work like for the safety matters. poor management of admin team. Cooperation to other Team when have problem on work site. ", " Overall is a good place to work, but a lot of micromanaging There's very little communication with upper management with persons working on the floor ", " Working at Samsung is not going to be my first choice anymore! ", " Working on the manufacturing line, taught adults different process and administered test. ", " My manager, who obviously LOVED this company and loved the team, was unexpectedly replaced by someone who knows nothing and does not care a bit about this company or the people.   It is very disheartening that the nice culture that we had is now gone as this new guy is trying to create nothing more than a boiler room. I believe a boiler room just cheapens the high-quality name that Samsung has built for themselves. ", " - Good Competitive Salary Nice cafe   - Bad Pressure  Micro management ", " culture is korean. first language in office is korean. training is in korean. if you're not korean, you're second class citizen in the office. ", " This place sucks for various reasons but the bonuses are good. ", " Great company to work.1994-2000 willing invest in employee. ", " Samsung is a true global player.  With business in almost every major sector of products, and a footprint all over the world, opportunities are endless. ", " It was a easy job in the warehouse. Learned to work in a team where sometimes I had to take the lead and improvise with the solutions for any problem that we, the stock maintenance and quality control team, were responsible to deal with.   In overall the job was easy and not very challenging compering to care work. ", " Well when I started at Samsung I had the opportunity to develop myself as i didn't have any experience in that area but with Samsung I could grow up as a professional and learn about everything from their process. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " In a typical day at work, I would be doing strategic planning for work e.g. writing pricing strategy, UAT plan etc, process improvement, KPI improvement plans.  In this job, I have learnt the functional aspects e.g. digital marketing, and ecommerce functions, and also, the interpersonal aspects in managing a team.  My co-workers comes from all the various departments like sales, marketing, operations as we need to work together to achieve targets.  The hardest part of the job is on change management, or leading people to do things they do not want to do.  The most enjoyable of the job is to see the results that I want to achieve e.g. project go live, or sales target achieved. ", " For a large company, there is nothing that is clearly defined. Management never showed me even the basic tasks and then expected me to know what to do. I had to ask to meet with my manager on the first day. Management didn't even speak to me, even when I asked for help. I was lucky to get a hello. They just care what they look like to managers above them and not how to help their employees.  No expectation of work life balance. Flex time is a joke, since you are only respected if you stay past 7pm. ", "   Routine work   I learned   - how to execute    - how to present   - how to communicate   Managements are always open for new ideas but very aggressive when they get into it.   Co-workers are very smart but they do not know how to balance between work and life. (Maybe that's just a culture)   Everything was OK except work hours   The most enjoyable part of the job was about learning new experiences. I generally learned about how to work at a conglomerate while at Samsung. ", " Samsung is a technology focused company with opportunities every day to excel in making changes thanks to focused efforts on employee empowerment. Excellent work environment with friendly, committed team members. Management makes a real effort to balance the work/life environment while continuing to coach and mentor employees to achieve highly competitive goals in the semiconductor industry. Competitive salaries and excellent benefits. ", " Unprofessional workplace and poor management. I would not recommend nobody over there. ", " Since I am from a finance backgroung, security Document control was not related to my previous experience and education qualification. However I liked this job because it was totally a different experience. I got to work with different people. I is really good to be a part of Samsung Engineering and a part of this big project at West Qurna 2 ", " : My typical day at work in Samsung service center is *8 hours in 6 days but sometimes my manager requested me to work overtime. In Samsung Service center our goal is for the costumers satisfaction. We need to attend our calls even our time is finish because the climate in the middle east is too much hot and you cannot live without Air-condition.  : I learned to communicate and understand other people because in other country all people have different culture and beliefs. : I learned also to be more resourceful and patience  to my work. : My co workers is very kind to me even we are from different nations because I always respect them and in return they do as well. : The hardest part of job... All jobs is hard but I can make it easy because I put my heart on it... : I always enjoyed my job especially when salary is coming because my family is waiting for that. ", " Mostly dealt with trouble shooting and any software issues with the phones, Tablets, or computers. The management was all over the place. ", " A good place  work that provides challenges on a daily basis. Pushes you to your limits in order to perform and brings out traits you never knew you had which could help you in business.  You meet new people and see different places so it broadens the way you think and look at business and the way its done in different countries. ", " Work place was too korean. Korean employees would bow to the korean president and they would speak a lot in korean. ", " focus on work must meet daily target everyday is a learning process, you meed different customer management means taking responsibility and represent your company to your customers need to show that you cooperate to each other hardest part of the job is attaining monthly target meet different people and receiving incentives ", " iQor is a 3rd party company through Samsung to handle technical issues for their mobile phones and tablet. Management is unorganized, fairly new and still adjusting to getting things how they want it. That'll be hard considering technology is moving at an outstanding rate. All in all, iQor is a call center environment that has work schedules randomly given out to you after training, in hopes you get lucky to get the schedule you are looking for. ", " daily monitoring the sales of out lets in the area, providing information for new line up and promotions to boost the sales in the area. ", "  \tConduct consumer facing activities- demonstrating key features, assist customers with setup of devices and troubleshoot issues  \tConduct product training and knowledge transfer for sales reps  \tResponsible for point of sale transactions with consumers  \tEstablish and maintain business relationships between store personnel, client management, and client in order to effectively execute program objectives  \tMaintain and build brand presence at retail through merchandising, display maintenance and some POP and plan-o-gram compliance  \tMake a significant impact on sales and improve the customers' buying experience  \tMay be responsible for the interviewing, hiring and training of a part-time Technology Sales Representatives  \tManage individual performance as well as the possibility a of direct report, against established sales goals onsite  \tDemonstrate effective decision-making skills and the ability to reason and take action in resolving problems while exhibiting professional sound judgment  \tComplete call reports, paperwork, and on-going personal training in a timely manner, meeting all deadlines  \tManage the scheduling of part time specialists  for assigned store if needed  \tComplete reports on daily activities ", "  \tDistribution of goods to the traders , Follow Up market inventory and shortage  of goods  \tManage the connections technically  &amp; setup it  for making the display of A/V items &amp;  Manage the Advertising materials in stores  \tCollecting data and information about the market and its update ", " Good company but no further career growth and salary is very less. ", " Typical day at work was when different shipments from different origin arrived simultaneously. Learning experience was fun. I learned that every situation requires different approach. The management is very supportive. The hardest part of the job is tracing missing items specially the ones issued already to job site. The most enjoyable part of the job is when we accomplished the said task in the given time. ", " Making sure the sales floor runs smoothly  -Meet the store's monthly sales targets and handle daily goals -Recruit and train staff  -Deal with any enquiries and complaints and monitor customer service -Serve customers as needed -Put together the rotas and shifts -Opening/Closing store -Cash Handling/Register/ opening &amp; closing  -Check that the products you sell are well displayed ", " tool box meetings, daily work meeting, safety mock drills with safety officers,  qualiuty engineers will be included in tool box meeting to ensure proper quality and safe work ", " Samsung is the number 1 electronic company in the world. The company is very big and very diversified. Each person has their own task within the company. The company is lead by the team from Korea HQ, and very protective of the intellectual information. The benefit is great and it is a great experience working here. We can learn and grow a lot! "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " The company that Samsung contracted to run their call center does not care about their employees. $9.34 and hour is a joke and the benefits suck. They they want you to do mandatory overtime.  Also, they expect you to follow a script on what to say to the customers and you can't be on the phone no more than 5 min with the customer, so you're pretty much rushing the customer off the phone only to have the customer call back.  Granted, some issues takes less than 5 min but for the most part, most issues are more than 5 min. There were only a handful of employees who were proficient with electronics form a technical aspect, me being one of them, the rest of the employees had no clue what was going on. And the supervisors didn't know what was going on either.  Most got promoted with a month of being there because they can get the customer off the phone with in 5 min and like I said, only to have them call back with the same issues. ", " Long hours i just didn't like the drive i was making the money wasn't adding up for the work. ", "  the hardest part of the job Fatigue due to working 24 hours      the most enjoyable part of the job Into pride. Because of me ", " Visited cell phone carrier store and national retail locations across southwest Oklahoma. I built the brand of Samsung by training retail employees and helping them to develop confidence in the Samsung brand. ", " Samsung is my first job in overseas is my first job at all i' ve learned a lot how do control the material and preserving the material ", " -Working hours 9am to 11pm, sometimes weekends -Very hierarchical organization -Stable  -Always monitoring what you do in work place ", "  \tPerform detailed technical inspections for the given discipline activity, while supervised By a QA/QC engineer/supervisor.  \tPerform welding inspections, as directed and supervised   \tCoordinate hydro/Pneumatic test tracking   \tCoordinate, support   punch out for system turnover   \tProvide data input for Welding NDE tracking program and data entry   \tCoordinate Inspection status and update   \tCoordinate other quality processes as required by project   \tIdentify Non conformances to the Project QA/QC Manager   \tEnsure Quality Records are turned over to the Supervisor for System turnover ", " Every day was a good It was hard work but at the enf of it all was a very big satisfaction ", " Mt job task was very simple, i just had a quota to meet daily. I learned how to pay very close attention to detail with this position. ", " Non-management has some very talented, fun people to work with; however, management and the Korean culture more than cancel out any enjoyment that could bring. American ideas and creativity rarely receive any attention but instead are almost discouraged. \"Copy exact\" is a common catchphrase that basically means \"copy how the Koreans do it.\" Managers are busy micromanaging their teams to paralysis and overreacting to create a crisis out of the smallest hiccup.  HR is a nightmare and more than likely going to be worse to deal with than any situation that would warrant going to HR. HR is not a neutral body, rather they preemptively meet with managers so that they are able to echo the manager's perspective in employee confrontations. ", " Company is good but there is company police also very good no very good facility ", " No multi cuture, no diversity, it is not like a company. a lot group are over 85% indian. if you are an indian, go in, otherwise, you will get trouble and get fired. ", " Qouality Controling, testing all sorts of samsung products. ", " Thorough inspection of site to identify the hazards. Unsafe Observations in the site discuss with subcontractor HSE Persons and construction team and recommend for suitable corrective actions. Provide periodical training to Samsung HSE Staff to promote their skill. Arrange special training in connection with special activities like confined space work, working at height, rigging etc. ", " Samsung is wonderful to work at as a direct employer, but if it is a call center or ANYTHING run by \"Alorica\"? AVOID AT ALL COSTS. It is horrible as an employee experience, and even worse when it comes to how much the hours effect your personal life. two words, ladies and gents. \"Mandatory Overtime\". ", " Fun at work, can be busy. Excellent employee Wonderful management ", " I would go in and meet with the Project Managers of my company as well as Samsung and coordinate the daily activities. I learned how a semi-conductor plant operates and what all is involved in the process of making some of the technology that we all use on a daily basis in work and our personal lives. My management was a great group of guys that had a lot of experience and knowledge to pass on to me. My co-workers were great and many became my friends outside of the workplace. The hours that were demanded of us had to be the hardest aspect of the job. The experience was great to learn what I was able to take away from the experience and the friendships I was able to develop while there. ", " No efforts to improve work life balance. Communication is lacking. Overload of work on each employee. ", " Interesting company Different culture. Great products and quality ", " I loved my co-workers. sometimes, the company requires overtime work but also, it provides many benefits. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Worked receiving dock for packaging operation. Had to schedule a receiving crew for 7 days a week to receive in phones from Korea and manuals and etc. from local vendors. Very demanding and rewarding. I learned through seminars and classes how supervise and manage a department and employees. The hardest part of the job was the long hours. The most enjoyable part of the job was the bonuses. ", " Management discriminates based on rumors, and does not seek out the truth. The atmosphere is very negative. ", " The Dry Etch Group is a very Negative Group to work for.  Culture is very negative.  There is a high rate of turnover because of this. There just seemed to be alot of unhappy overworked folks in the etch group.  Little to no training and lots of cliques with the group.  Not much chance of advancement.  Reviews are very political  Because of the high turnover rate, the etch management is is a couple levels over their head.  The Management is known to pass blame onto their employees to protect themselves. ", " Fast paced semiconductor manufacturing, interesting product enhancement never ends. ", " Samsung SDSA is poorly managed by managers who doesn't understand US market nor its people. ", " Coming from NW of England at 5:30am to go to London didn't seem like a toll at all because I knew I was going to work with Samsung   I tried to keep my excitement to one side and concentrate on what Samsungs design team were trying to teach us, and were I could I would engage in discussion quite vocally as I remember  A lot of the time a member of the design team would ask our group a question but NO ONE would dare to answer, no one wanted to look stupid, the way I see it, its stupid not to ask a question and its really stupid when you've been gifted the chance to work with an international company and not to take advantage of it   ... So I asked questions   Overall the experience can be summed up as. Unforgettable ", " During 2013 (August \u2013 December), I worked for Samsung as a researcher. This program researched new insight and meant to foresee \u201cFuture Technology &amp; Living Space\u201d. We explored meaningful and emergent changes that might take place based upon sensing technologies which can interact or redirect our senses to provide value, and improve how we value our lives. Collaboratively, we examined current behaviors associated with how we communicate and receive information. Ultimately, we speculated on the emotional effects of our inclination to demand, accept, and resist the alleged \u201cimprovements\u201d of an increasingly technological world. This opportunity enhanced my storytelling, mind mapping, interview, behavior analysis, scenario designing and collaborative working skills. While giving me further insight into the user experience field. ", " Customer service is a multi-tasking profession that requires variety of skills in order to achieve bright career goals. ", " I learned in this job: How to analyse competitive advantages; How to manage teams of over ten persons within an organisation; How to negotiate with clients and consumers; How to approach competitors' strengths and weaknesses. ", " Always creating the best. And investing in the future. Samsung is a leader in all areas. ", " requires to provide better improvement with discrimination. Host nationality provides unequal priveleges with the others. ", " im reviewing a hydrotestpackage and im happy us a reviewer probubly to my co workers ", " Samsung one of the market leader in the filed I have leared the  to be detailed oriented  make decision based on facts and figures not assumptions  discipline  meet the dead line  accuracy  planning  result  hardest part of the Job tight time to meet the task dead line  also to manage the business in smart way and build decisions based  on information collection ", " Inexperienced management working wireless deployment in the USA ", " A typical day at work at APAC is really easy but also productive. We make calls to Samsung consumers to make sure their appliances are delivered in a professional manner. The hardest part of this job is not letting the fact that it is repetitive make you become frustrated because that will reflect your customer service skills. The easiest part of the job is just being able to do what you love, if you are one who loves servicing others and showing excellent customer service skills. ", " Extremely good for teamwork and achieving targets which are broken down and manageable. However you get threats of being dismissed if targets are not achieved in 3 consecutive months.But management is supportive in training sales techniques. Competitive environment. ", " would never suggest to another same every day  headache  poor pay for the calls you take co-workers are always quitting ", " Energetic organisation with lots of potential to continue the growth curve. ", " Working with co-workers as a team to help identify what products customers are looking for that have the capabilities to fit their wants and needs. Training customers on how to use their new products by giving hands on classes to to demonstrate practical applications on the new product or device purchased. ", " Work/Life balance almost none. Salary/Compensation above average. Management is okay, however needs to define the proper role  between expat/local management. The culture also needs to bechanged. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " technical support agent was so helpful for some electronics and components ", " Good learning exp Helpful co-workers Good recognition Overseas exposure ", " Samsung is a hard company to work due to the Korean culture. This a very unorganized company where the responsabilities are not clearly defined. I had some issues with the management due to a lack of competencies from his side. I was hired to perform some work that I never did and this was very hard to accept. ", " this was a great company to work for, great pay and benefits, alot a room for opportunity ", " - Developed Communication modem chip - Developed image processing chip ", " I candidly am confident that my strong base of communication knowledge earned at this job, my understanding of the today\u2019s market and comprehension of costumer\u2019s need and want with cellphone plans, tablets and technology have all hand in hand helped me to be an appropriate fit for Samsung and its costumers. ", " Its advantage to me in my carrier growth and have learned lot from the colleagues. Good atmosphere for continuous work ", " SAMSUNG ENGINEERING COMPANY LTD is Korean Company Head office in Seoul South Korea, It have many project and site as well as inside the UAE and out of UAE, It's good rules regulation safety everything is excellent and working very well with progress report also very good. Its working for TAKREER RRE -3 Project in Ruwis Abu-Dhabi ", "  \tEntering Coupons which related to the HHP department from all governorates in Egypt  .   \tOrganise all the files and the data concerning the clients and their invoices over Egypt .  \tEntering the invoices numbers and it's content with the value on the system for all the centres which related to Samsung Company.  \tCalling the agents and the customers to ensure some of the data every month .   what i learned to be patient ", " Handled a very large volume of inbound customer service/technical support calls. Troubleshoot cellular devices and tablets to help customers find the root cause of problems. Remote into customers devices to find problems and reset hardware issues. Set Up \"RMA\" Repairs so customers can send in their devices for further evaluation if needed. ", " Great place to learn on how to execute deliverable on time Great place to learn about device management Learn how to deal with customers Lot of pressure to get the job done by the deadline ", " I am a reliable and dynamic person possessing excellent computer knowledge with demonstrated ability to work, motivated and direct team members while maintaining high interest achievement. An effective thinker, self motivated with strong planning, organizational and sincere skills offering well developed interpersonal, creative ideas effective management. To obtain a challenging opportunity this could utilize my personal capabilities and to make significant contribution. ", " Everyday working typical work assignment,location and sometimes special assignment regarding only the job. I learned here in Samsung most specially korean boss i have to work more and more patience its because of much pressure regarding the schedule thats the hardest job in here but i can do it as fastest as i can. ", " I learned a lot while I worked there. It was my privilege experiencing a dramatic growth in smartphone and tablet market from no one to no.1 in this market.   Management always sets high expectation and gets the most out of employees, which ends up with better results (so far). ", " Extremely intense level of work with high expectations. Management is very strict on achieving goals and objectives. Managing and developing team members were enjoyable. ", " A typical day on the job as a call center agent for Samsung consists of answering customer/client calls to assist them with whichever issue they may be encountering on a Samsung Android smartphone, phablet, and/or tablet.   The most enjoyable part of working as a technologist agent for Samsung is having the customer commend me after resolving their technical issue. First call resolution! ", " Assisting the customers in choosing the right products  Responsible in products demonstration  Attending training sessions and seminars Responsible in maintaining stocks To ensure that the products delivered has the right quantity, and delivered To check if the price of the item is correct To check if the item is already displayed in the selling area Helping with promotions and advertising campaigns Setting stock promotions / price reductions as appropriate ", " I cannot believe this company is as profitable as it is.  I was never  used to the best of my talents and was let go in a political fight between higher upx ", " The most enjoyable part of working for this company exploring the innovative products this company produces and being the first to know. ", " It was a decent position however there was no advancement and salary was much less then I have experienced in the past. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Typical day at Samsung is working hard from morning till night. The people are friendly and engaged. Management has the vision to lead Samsung for years to come. ", " I enjoyed my time there. this was just a seasonal hire. great management. ", " i Learned how to do any job without boring.and to make it fun loving. ", " Not a good place to work.  Work there at your own risk and be very cautious of the management and consider using this job a temporary placement while looking for another. ", " Assigning tasks to the team members,and after that visit to the market,chit chat with dealers and inquiring about competitors activities.I learned how to become a sharp marketing player,management is tight to handle with.Co-workers are cooperative.well nothing was hard when i learned everything.Visiting dealers and having chit chats with them and in those chit chats finding something new. ", " Good to know the international forum and nice experience i learned the worker mantality ", " very good experience to work under preasur.management portfolio is high apperciated ", " Very Good...Good Experience...good work life balance...good learning experience.. ", " On a daily basis my job consisted in creating sites on the WSS core switch, verify paging areas, registration areas, media gateways and other parameters on th site, also, I was configuring the eCSFB parameters on all of the 4G &amp; 3G commercial sites, making sure sites were correctly configured.  Learned a great deal on 4G LTE, CORE, and 3G configurations and parameters. Co-workers were very experienced and helpful. I really enjoyed working with Unix scripts also. The hardest part of the job was seen the project slowly come to completion. ", " This company is enforcing employees' training to fulfill many creative tasks and projects. So I got ones and attended in many programs like 6 sigma, ISO 9000, Quality management etc.  and additionally the company is progressing so many new tasks with restricted time and it should be finished on time with fixed goals and effects. so it makes the company to be NO 1 company in IT companies in a short period.  For all things, this company has obvious visions like below; - Talented employee cultivation - Top tier 1 products - enterprise patriotism ", " i loved this job, interacting with customers, and satisfying them. ", " A lot of responsibility but long hours. friendly environment. good benefits ", " Traning customers and staff on samsung products. Ive learned a lot about samsung products. Co-works are great Hardest part of the job is finding things to keep u busy druing down time. Love being able to help customers understand how to use and get the most out of there Samsung device. ", " Enjoyable worklife balance. Mandates from HQ that might not be the best business process for other Samsung's. ", " I was in charge of the resolving technical issues on both the client and server side as well. Very interesting and rewarding experience ", " Excellent company to work for. The experience acquired during my time with the company was priceless, Culture differences makes it a little difficult to move up within the company ", " \uf0fc Supervision of the Engineering Release Unit. Responsible for Department of Defense files, engineering reference files, drawing change notification files, Worldwide Standards files. \uf0fc Responsible for distribution documentation to engineering and production departments. Responsible for QA of all Engineering Release Unit documentation. \uf0fc Responsible for maintenance and security of the original document and drawing vault. \uf0fc Responsible for all reproduction equipment and vendor manual/maintenance files. \uf0fc Responsible for purchasing of engineering department supplies. Data entry experience with Mac and PC computers. \uf0fc Maintenance of all drawing lists that are distributed throughout the company. ", " Samsung Hungary were a great place to work. I have spent 3 years as an administrator and had fun. Provided great training and monthly meetings with director manager to discuss all the problem may came up. ", " Samsung Experience Store working with customers, selling them what they NEED based on a needs analysis, merchandising, troubleshooting. ", " Enjoy the challenge of working for a global leading company, more difficult to stay at the top than it is to get there. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " very good place too work with a very good co worker enviorment you can chaleng your self and fell like ure doing something ", " A great company to work with - great people and co-workers. Very friendly environment - always opportunities for improvement and grow as a professional. Provide training and help you with promotion within the company. I will I could work longer with this great company. ", " I learned a lot about project management in an EPC atmosphere ", " On a typical day I would be stood in the camera section of Curries PC World, I was there to promote the Samsung camera range, and be the expert, ready to answer any questions about the Samsung cameras. I was also there to generally assist in the camera section, I would help customers in any way I could to the best of my ability. I learned a lot about the way cameras function and a lot of technical camera information. One of the best parts of the job was the interaction with other people, with customers and co-workers, people working for Curries and the other camera promoters. I found the hardest part of the job was sometimes closing a sale as cameras are often personal purchases for customers and they often spend a lot of time determining which camera to purchase. ", " Supporting both 1xVoice and EVDO network builds. Support field personnel in completing 911 call testing, CTTP, and site audits. Responsible for performing antenna audits and adjusting RET values to appropriate tilt requirements to eliminate interference.  Perform network integrations activities on CDMA access equipment to include BTS, BSC, and BSSM. Utilize BSM and LSMR for site verification and troubleshooting. Support integration of RBS6000 series with combined 800/1900 CDMA/LTE multi-standard base stations replacing 1900 CDMA Network. Support CDMA, LTE, and VOIP technologies ", " I extremely enjoyed working for Samsung, it was a very well paid position that required self motivation as I did not have a manager on site. The campaign was only for one year and has now run its course, which is why I am now looking for my next opportunity and challenge. ", " Thier management to thier people is not Good. Because thier korean company, all the good and the best are for the Koreans only. Other nationalities has little salary, no other benifits and no progress in learning. I think they dont trust other nationlities. ", " A typical day constitutes of Inventory Management, performing different test cases, making reports and raising Tickets. Get exposure to different types of work environment as there are people from different places. Co-workers are supportive and fun to work with. The challenging and most fun part of the job is we get to experience with different tools on different test cases, which helps me to get a good understanding of the technology in practical way and also gives an advantage of experiencing new tools in the market increasing my technical skills and test my ability. ", " They pay well, but they don't care about employees! Job culture too strong. No job security. ", " A big corporation that gives you a chance to work on your team work abilities. ", " Most of the day was spent researching currency rates to accurately enter in the expense reports for all the travelers within the company ", " A typical day a work would be just to come in and answer the phone and assisting a customers with any home appliance. Everyday you learn something new due to all the different issues they experience and management is very good they try to help you out as much as possible. The hardest parts of the job is the customers and knowing how to deal with them and somehow i just manage to keep them happy  i would say the best part of the job is the co workers because they keep you laughing throughout the day. ", " Great way to communicate with customers and colleagues whilst earning money and gaining knowledge on the latest technology. ", " a typical day at was knowing the reason I go for work is to sell and manage the store when the manager is not around ,my co-workers were fun and easy to work with though at times we would have a bit of misunderstanding when it comes to work .the hardest part of my work was while  stock taking and auditors come there was soming missing which you didn't even receive but it was reflecting explain to auditors was easy because I hard to take them .   the most enjoyable thing was getting to learn about new product knowledge and new things and new software. ", " nice to work with this comp.working is good.i like to work in samsung.so i love this job. ", " the day at Samsung is fully loaded, I have learned to periotize my tasks as much as I can, and the most enjoyable part is the travelling. ", " Samsung's culture stone forever pursuit of the first, you can learn a lot of stuff in there, you can also withdraw cash value of their own ", " Really great job, but I would like to be closer to home. I would also like to advance in the company. The hardest part of this job is the travel. The best part of this job is being able to complete my task without being micromanaged. ", " Training is really bad. Management is even worse. You are expected to work long hours and are salary. Traveling to TX for training is req. 4x a year. ", " Going into 3rd party stores. Freedom to work with no stress. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " that was so nice, and i learnd a lot of things in Samsung company. My co-workers are also good. ", " overall it was good experience to work for samsung . management was good but paying salary was too late ", " Projects are interesting and challenging but people are not so great within the company ", " Maximum micromanagement of daily tasks and a general culture of fear throughout the company. ", " * Customer-oriented environment * Management by process and KPIs * Dynamic operation, diversified services &amp; products  * Good cooperation (inside and with partners) ", " Responsible for all aspects of technical project and program management. Manage high value long term strategic projects involving new technology, coordination and integration of multiple organizations and suppliers. Provided overall direction, technical and analytical guidance to project, timeline and budget Worked with external vendors and internal stakeholders to champion program/project(s) across the entire organization Developed detailed work plans, schedules, estimates, resource plans, and status reports. Established program meetings, tracking and analysis to ensure adherences to quality standards and reviews of program/project deliverables. Managed the integration of vendor tasks and tracked reviews for vendor deliverables. Provided technical and analytical guidance to project team. ", " I really didn't like my job much because management doesn't take customers very serious or agents. I can say that i learned a lot about electronics. I would have to say that the hardest part was working every holiday including christmas and thanksgiving because i was dual skilled. The only good thing about my jobs was that i always won extra money for good CSS and FCR scores ", " My time at samsung was a great experience, where i learned alot of skills that i will be able to use in future careers. ", " A typical day at Samsung would be intensive, and require my attention to multiple tasks during the day often times lasting in a typical long day. Failure is not an option, and the ability to produce targeted  goals is always a must. i can say that the benefits as far as compensation is very good, but the expectations and demands on a daily basis  which often times lasted into the night. ", " I could study a lot while I was working there.it was a nice experience ", " Provide valuable info about Samsung products to sales reps with major and regional carriers through Facebook groups dedicated to carrier reps and Samsung technology. Create engaging content and contest to encourage rep interaction and increase EDGE rank for Samsung sales groups. Answer technical and sales questions to better equip sales reps to position Samsung products to meet customer\u2019s needs. ", " My shift is a regular dayshift. I have learned a lot since I started working in Samsung. They provided a lot of trainings and seminars, technical and non technical training. We practiced diversity in that company. It is very good to work in Samsung. ", " Typical day for me is interacting with executives and the front line workforce to create contest to increase market-share for Samsung.  As well as conduct trainings to increase product knowledge for carrier partners as well as customer facing training events. ", " I am enjoying my role as a Document controller while learning more of additional ideas and knowledge from my supportive co-worker. Even though  most of the days I am busy but I can able to organize my work duties according to my completion date &amp; time.   What I want is to be more professional &amp; be a good leader from the start  where my management &amp; co-worker gave me a support &amp; helped me out of all those things.   The hardest part of my job is every time I join a  company for the reason that I need to adjust first &amp; to know co-worker characteristic for me  to know how to act towards him.  I really satisfied and enjoying my job as of now. ", " A normal day at work would consist of me helping and teach customers about samsung products. i also have to sell samsung products. another part of my day would be to help train the BestBuy employee's about our samsung products. Since i've been there i've learned how to better train employee's and teach customers about products. The management is good however very hard to get in touch with. the samsung co-workers are great always willing to help when something is needed. since i have been working at samsung i have not found anything hard about this job. Everything is something i already knew how to do and how to handle. the most enjoyable part of my job is when i get to see how happy a customer and family get after they recieve the best product that suits there personal needs. ", " Good working environment, nice team, fun project to work on. ", " Interesting place to work..learned new things with that compant ", " detailed checking of drawings,drawing preparation for on site jobs and supervise subcontractors How to manage my self under very high work pressure and how to control the jobs proactive and good examples  highly experienced and co operating  hydro testing under buried condition  construction  phase ", " I loved Samsung due to the way the employers are treated. The work is hard, but the reward is great. The benefits and pay are excellent.  The company shows their gratitude with bonuses, company discounts etc...   I loved Samsung because of the job security. I would love to go back and retire. ", " I did not enjoy the job with Samsung. The management was very much based on PERSONAL opinions and relationships. It was not a fair deal at all. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " I like that my coworkers make a great team and it feels like a family as we work together. I appreciate the open mind to criticism and eagerness to reach the company's goals.  Lots of interaction between employees, very social but at the same time focused on the successful end result. ", " I enjoyed being self-managed, teaching and coaching others about our products, and answering questions. ", " Everyday is a big challenge for me. On how to handle our Client for pleasing their request as per construction procedure. And above all how to manage your time and how to handle any behavior for each nationalities especially here in middle east. ", " Good company to work for. Work life balance is the worst. For 5 years, 7AM to 10PM worked. Job security is very good as long as no significant harm was done to the company. ", " A typical day of work would include repetitive and meaningless work compounded by zero praise for jobs well done. Management was more or less a waste of space only chosen because they kissed up to the bosses but had no qualification for the jobs at hand. Hardest part of the job would be fighting the boredom or the depression from working for people who were less qualified than yourself. ", " Wide job description and responsibilities. Professionalism enhance and self confident increase due to competition. ", " work with out pressure .management also good .co workers are very coperative. ", " Receive alarm reports from previous day via email.  I would then map out routes to cell sites furthest to closest and start clearing radio alarms while upgrading Sprints equipment and do site maintenance checks working my way back to my hotel. ", " Samsung offers good salaries and benefits to its employees or Contract hires.  They may be a little top heavy at times but they treat employees well and interact well with clients and maintain their clients interst as top priority.  I would definitely work with them again on future projects. ", " I worked full time. I learn a lot from that job was working as a group. ", " I started this job on the loading dock, through hard work a dedication I was promoted to Logistics Manager. The plant closed when the economy took a down turn. ", " The hardest part was the data-entry that followed every work day. ", " A welcome Challenge.  Love working with people, building relationships.  Love the technical Sales.  Love when I have the 10:00 to 5:00 shift. ", " High standards, on call 24/7, little to no training, difficult to have work-life balance. But, good people, great benefits, bonuses are nice. Depends on what's important to you, life or money.  Monthly reviews always have the same format, 2 good things to say about you and 2 bad things to say about you, every time no matter what you do. Try to focus on the positives. ", " There are always multiple project that need attention all at the same time.  There are great people working at Samsung but there is a huge disconnect between managment and what goes on in the fab.  It's frustrating when you have to investigate a problem because information wasn't passed down between management and the technicians. ", " Routine task completion from morning 8 to evening 8 How to get work out of subordinates Operations management friendly long working hours did not find anything enjoyable ", " It has great benefits and a compressed work week which enables you to work for only about half of the year. ", " This company is very hard working company who works hard and rewards very well. This company has a work ethic like non I have ever experience prior to working there. ", " Producive days assisting agents and coaching. Responding to emails to keep work flow at a satisfactory and steady pace. Attend meetings to inform agents of any company changes such as policy and procedure guidelines. Stay aware of all attendance issues and call performance. ", " I learned many on all direction starting from planning till execution, specially on the level of co-marketing "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Multicultural smartworking palce A good mix between korean international wokring style. Plus, it is keep improving on this point to make a positive energy ", " Troubleshooting Samsung latest products, and answering any questions regarding. ", " Go in and answer angry customers calls all day. Team members had horrible attitudes as well as supervisors were very unwilling to help ", " Samsung has been a wonderful place to work overall.  I've learned more about pc and digital camera's than I thought possible. When I started I was in charge of my work schedule which was wonderful and found it to be much more productive than a pre made schedule. However, that has changed and I no longer have a say in my schedule.  The co-workers I have are wonderful.  The customers are really the best part of my job and setting up displays with little instructions is the hardest part of my position. ", " I have enhanced my skills while working for such company. The management and everything is cordinative but project life is finished on the end of project. ", " working at Samsung was great except the schedules were difficult. ", " A typical day at work includes reviewing customer documentation to further assist the customer with specific needs and wants, also includes assisting customers with policy and procedure knowledge to de-escalate and retain the customer. I've honed my customer service skills to better assist in any field I choose to go into. Management is there to assist if and when we may need them to, however being within the Executive Customer Relations Department, we work independently ", " Hires lowest bid temp agencies with little benefits. poor upper management and hr behavior where managers played favorites with other employees they hung out with off the clock. retracted holiday pay and shortened list of holidays. average pay 9 p/hr under a big company. positions that were temp to hire practically never went past temp status even though people were working for multiple years. never would recommend working for them. ", " assisting uses with general issues. Learned more skills with every issue. ", " Hardworking,task achievements,coordination,best employee,production goals ", " It's a multinational electronics manufacturing company. ", " hours are ok but management does not care. People are not nice and all they care about is to advance. ", " Well functioned very processed company Motivation oriented culture smart management ", " Working hours are not flexible as American style companies ", " The work is continuous and 12 hour shifts which makes the days off nice, but the temporary contracts are hard to rely on for long term work. ", " Great Company but need to find some areas where growth is possible. Was very foruntate to have met the most amazing people in our company. ", " I translated for customers and made appointments. I was also answering phone calls and all. ", " Poorly managed and inspired, Samsung has a bad culture that preys on those right out of college.  Advancement is extremely slow, pay increases are far and few between, training is terrible, teamwork leaves a lot to be desired.  If you last five years, you'll have a decent career. ", " My day starts off with Best Buy Mobile, a morning huddle, and also a  little study session before we open. My Managers in Samsung and the managers in best buy appreciate everything that I do.  My co-workers are nice cool people. The hardest part of my job is getting over the rush hour. But what I really like about my job is that I'm around technology and I'm able to help out customers. ", " Great Company to Work for. Competitive Wages and great benefits "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " I manage 4 employees, in a fast-paced sales environment. I create schedules based on traffic reports and sales reports. I coach employees on sucessful sales techniques, etc. ", " My typical day at work is responding to email and resolving issues managing data and researching billing . for payment on invoicing commuting with vendors and sales . ", " - may work at night - may work on weekend - high profit sharing depending on business trend - strict security rule ", " I was software engineer in Samsung electronics. I joined automation of manufacturing and simulation software. ", " 1. Technical consulted for 2nd tier with Japanese technician 2. Researched surface treatment for plastic molding 3. Managed Task Force Team for advanced design review 4. Mechanical designed by using PTC Pro/engineer ", " Not a bad job, long hours. Work always interferes with plans  Management isnt to bad. Co workers were always great. ", " Every day I had responsible for the product on line.I learned new things how you work well alone as well as in team environment, check on line tv stands for example damaged.Management were excellent. My co-workers were great because when you need help all co-workers helped that team it is very important for team jobs.My hardest part of the job was responsibility for the product and reliable hardworking . My most enjoyable part of the job was when I  had to laugh and joke with my co-workers. ", " An ordinary day would go as follows;  As soon as I came online around 7.45am I would be be checking in with all of my customers in China, Vietnam, Korea to see if they had any supply issues, or change in demand of certain items.I would then feed this information back to the European and Asian suppliers I was in charge of. Also then checking with the European logistics companies that were shipping the items. This would also involve me creating shipping requests for each of the orders sent every day.  Just before lunch our team had a meeting to discuss any issues we currently had, and how we could try and help each other if we had any problems. (This initiative was set up by me).  As the afternoon was a little less manic, it gave me time to do some market research, find other examples of items for sourcing, and check the SAP system to make sure all prices were correct.  The hardest part of the job is due to the time difference the amount of work that needs to done during the morning time is very pressurised. Sometimes with up to 5 customers at any one time trying to ask questions about a particular order.  The most enjoyable part of my job came from being able to solve a supply chain issue. Thus allowing my customer to receive their items on or ahead of time. This was especially important when they had to pull in some of their items due to an increase in the production schedule. ", " Got excellent performance assessment and built up strong foundation of later work by developing embedded software. ", " HI,  a palce where you can have work  + life balance,atmosphere is good people are nice and you get time to complete your work. ", " Very strong Samsung culture, won't adapt to other cultures.   Working hours are different per day, work and life is not balanced. ", " Company has a lot of issues.  Korean culture permeates.  Its more important to looks busy than to achieve results, there are lots of double standards between departments and groups.  Management is out of touch with what actually happens on the floor and frequently sends mixed signals, which only serves to frustrate everyone.    However, it pays well and has a solid benefits package, so if you have nothing better to do on your weekends than go to work, it could be a great place.  Coworkers were a good group, putting in an honest days work despite quarterly threats of shutdown and layoffs. ", " Samsung C&amp;T is a  construction company with big projects such as Burj Khalifa, Al Salam Tunnel and the like. I am currently working as a Secretary of the Project Director for more five years now. I learmed to be flexible and patient in dealing with the different types of people. The management gives support to the employees in terms of giving free meals, transporation and annual leaves. My co-workers serves as my family and gves support to the task that was given to me. ", " I consistently go out of our way to devise solutions for clients that will solve identified problems and prevent their reoccurrence.  I have trained clients to identify indicators of errors or abuse to reduce their dependence on our services. ", " Tough but fair, they promote teamwork and work/family balance ", " 1) Attend Toolbox Meeting. 2) Check site Condition and safety matter. 3) Issue work permit. 4) Meeting with Client. 5) Meeting with Manager 6) meeting with Sub Contractor. 6) Check Remain Activities. 8) check work Progress 9) Check Cable pulling Status, 10)Check materiel status. 11) Prepare work schedule. 12) Prepare WMS and procedure. 13) check Calibration of Instrument. 14)Field Instrument status. 15)Co-ordinate with other discipline/ Etc ", " More competitive than other companies. Every year, we had Excellent bonus. ", " Samsung was an ok company to work for the pay was not the best and it was hard to move up in the company,unless you knew certain people. ", " Excellent company to be a part of as you are working at a leader in the industry.  If you are looking for a fast paced, competitive, high pressure, and always striving for the next level then this is the place for you.  However, relatively difficult to move within the company as they tend to not promote from within much (function of growth perhaps).  Also, key decisions and directions are handled by Korea, so there are always several people that have to work to make decisions. ", " Samsung is looking to aggressively expand globally across all of its affiliate businesses. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Logging details of staff member's e-mails and telephones calls in SMART (call logging system), and assigning to the relevant engineers.   Creating e-mail accounts and resetting passwords.  Creating/extending/resetting passwords for VPN accounts for people to work remotely.  Was able to increase my IT Knowledge, and understand the role of a Service Desk  The most enjoyable part of the job has been to solve IT problems. ", " completed the structure , by the time due to crisis in dubai , i was terminated by the company   Worked hard  learned good , structural concrete works &amp; rebar works  management was good , and supported for the work progress co- workers are very good  nothing - expecting walking ", " A fast paced and dynamic environment to work in.I have learnt to work on my own initiative as well as part of a team. I enjoy working with the various stakeholders and partners that the business has. ", " As a salaried engineer you are expected to stay until the job is done which is most often after 7 pm.  Morning meetings range from 6 am to 8 am depending on the department you are in.  They provide training (OTJ) which is stressful but you will learn an incredible amount of information in a short period.  Most of the engineers are personable and the social aspect is what makes the job bearable.  I personally had a great group of co-workers in the CMP department.  The benefits are great, pay is competetive and quarterly bonuses are a nice but ultimatley its about work life balance and if you want to advance you'll have to give that up.  They officially promote a good work life balance but they also make it impossible to acheive. ", " I train new employees when needed, I am responsible for the morning report, I review trends which is the progress of tools and products how they are running on a daily basic by way of trends/charts and report my findings to yield engineers. ", " ive worked for this company for 4 months , in that time i wasnt given a company van we had to share them, i was promised a pay rise didnt get it, i worked long hours some days i finished at 10 pm at night, the parts department wasnt organised kept ordering wrong parts,  customers were waiting up to 9 weeks to have there machine repaired, ", " Samsung is a typical Korean company with strict regulations, but pursuing global perspective, culture and management. I could feel passion here every day. I had excellent co-workers. I really learned very much within one and half years. ", " I have left this company for a long time. When I was still in the company, there is no version control tool used for software, and software testing is not professional. Managers like to see you work overtime. ", " Poor Management and a complete lack of Work Life Balance at this company. Great city and area but not worth working here if you desire a life outside of the company. Management is poor at best. Turnover is super High If you are new the sharks start to circle the minute you walk thru the  front door one misstep and you will be eaten alive within seconds. ", " Very active and result-oriented work place. Supportive co-workers. ", " Constant state of crisis management to ensure staff is ready in the event of a crisis. Poor work life balance countered with great benefits and salary. ", " the day began at 2 pm ended at 10 pm , I was dispatched at various trade venues and shopping  malls with teams to boost up sales. ", " Answering calls and assisiting customers with support, transferring their calls if needed.providing the cx with trouble shooting steps that they could go through over the phone about their unit. Solving their problems or setting them up for servcie ", " More work than life. worked in s.korea culture is good. but more work hours make it difficult ", " Enjoyable workplace and co-workers in Korea.   Managed new production lines and on-time deliveries to clients. Daily correspondence with counter parts in Korea and clients to deliver on-time deliveries. Advise clients of new production lines, pricing and facilitate the transfer or fixed game codes for ROM chips. ", " SAS was an okay company to work for. Benefits and pay are good but the Management could use some work. ", " Overall good place to work. Many challenging issues, so if you like to dig into problems and find solutions, you will have your fill. Most days are pretty busy. Sometimes meetings can be long and frequent. Management can tend to play favorites sometimes, and management structure makes it hard to move up easily. ", " An experience at Samsung can not be explained only experienced. ", " Continuos technology innovation and fast growth company. ", " I worked for Samsung Engineering as part of my freelance English teaching career. I taught a group of new entry-level employees English with a focus on business, marketing, negotiations and presentation.   We followed a curriculum created by the Samsung corporation which focused on international business practicum and conducting business in English, successfully promoting products, giving presentations, etc.   I had one co-worker with whom I got along with well.   The thing I disliked most about this position was the job security. Despite the fact that the company evaluated instructors, re-staffing quality educators seemed less of a priority. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Samsung was a great experience, good work force and supportive team members. ", " Hugh company with endless new things that you can do. However, there's constant pressure to work long hours, which can be unproductive. ", " good environment great team nice colleagues and peers  Probably you got to understand their culture more before working here ", " My function as a nurse here in my current employer are company/industrial nurse and first-aider. I learned  a lot here in this company which includes familiarization of OTC medicines, identifying unsafe acts and environment, communicating with workers who cant speak english and of course enhancement of my overall skills as a nurse. Its been a good experience working with different nationalities with different fields ranging from simple laborers to managers. Its very hard to communicate to most of them specifically on the lower levels of workers but I learned to adapt and cope up with them from time to time when it is needed. The only problem here in my current job is the distance from the city where my wife is working, and i only get the chance to see and be with her twice a month.Its been a pleasure experiencing this kind of working environment which overwhelms my noble career as a Nurse. ", " First experience working for a foreign owned company.  I supported the President and managed his calendar, set up meeting with other departments, interfaced regularly with HR department on all hires and was corporate travel manager for 285 travelers.    Hardest part of the job was understanding why they would have an American team and a Korean counter-part doing the same job.  I liked the people I worked with.  Enjoyable part of the job was working on events for the company. ", " Ur a temp for life if u work in the warehouse, everyone wants to play manager, they r constantly changing rules ", " If you are a hard worker, you will be overloaded. There is a lot to learn so if you enjoy learning new things then Samsung is a great place. The training programs in place are not the best but are being reviewed and updated. ", " I've Learned about How To Make a Customer Satisfy Hardest part when Customer Complaints about a product Enjoyable Part when ever there is a promotion Management are very co-operative especially when i was LuLu. ", " productive and fun workplace with chalangeing environment ", " As a tech. support agent a typical working day will start at 10 AM and end at 7 PM ( Summer timing ) while it starts at 11 Am to 8 PM ( winter timing ), with 3 breaks of a total 1 hour during the day.  I have learned a lot such as time management , team work, team leadership , customer satisfaction and a lot more.  The hardest part of my job is handling angry customers and high queue of calls.  The most enjoyable part of my job is how the team deal with each other as friends and a family. ", " The job offers a lot of on the job training with a great bonus and benefits  ", " installation trouble shooting, loop check termanition and glanding ", " That Organization is good. there i learn more things to Oil &amp; Gas field.  that has good change to be learn Engineering Detail drawings. ", " Most enjoyable: If you're in the marketing department, it's great to be part of a large conglomerate since the company has a lot of resources ($$$) to spend. You can work on a variety of marketing projects, and many of them tend to be fun.   Hardest part of the job: corporate culture, bureaucratic structure, not much autonomy if you're on the bottom of the pyramid  Once you make it in the company, you can stay forever. It can be a pro since it provides job security, but it will be a huge con if you consider some of the people with higher levels of authority who manage your work ... ", " The corporation is well known, but this branch into the biotech industry has a lot to go for.  The management seems as though they were just thrown into their positions and lack the appropriate experience to run things.  Office politics distract from what should be the main focus: delivering safe and effective quality products.  If it progresses past the beginner phase, it has potential. ", " Applications development Windows forms, Web, MS SQL. Sales calculations, data management. SQL performances enhancement. ", " The company still needs a lot of work on safety and  employee satisfaction. Great benefits and pay. ", " I worked as a Planning Engineer  in Samsung Engineering Ltd.I achieved the project tasks within the specified schedule. ", " * Working lately for clearing alarms after rain * Time management * Good  * Very supportive * Travelling all day to reach different locations * Learned to be tough. tougher &amp; toughest. ", " Good place to work, but management is not the best. Could be better  "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " I worked at Samsung for almost a year. I did not leave because I did not like the job although the hours and work were sometimes tedious. Compensation and benefits were great and they look to hire veterans. The work is very high tech and in a leading edge company.  ", " Fast paced, oppressive with little reward.  #1 for several years but always told it was below expectations.  If you are not Korean, you will be let go within 4 years ", " A great place to work with as an entry level, fun co-workers and upper management takes into consideration every little detail about your opinion. ", " A day at work was never the same, always a diferent challeange I've learned that there is always something new to learn Because of the different cultures there is at Samsung, management was never the same I can say the same about co-workers The hardest part was all the constant strategy planning sessions but nothing actually implemented. The continues new products and technology   ", " Customer service and quality control. SCM. 6Sigma Black Belt. Product management. Process innovation. Sales engineering of New product and customer. ", " worked in fabrication line learning how to inspect bulk gas, process cooling water and exhaust line meeting samsung standard.  Coordinated with samsung coordinators to fabricate and install pipe lines for the tool. hardest part of the job was spending most of the time in fabrication line with overall smock on. most enjoyable part of the job was that everyday there is something new to learn and how installing lines can be different in given situations. ", " International exposure, early responsibility for projects, international colleagues, lots of opportunities to move within Samsung afterwards, learning about Korean culture, ability to bring lots of value with foreigner's perspective, best place for foreigners to start at Samsung who don't have deep industry or functional expertise prior to joining ", " job is secured but you need to sacrifice your life greate benefit though ", " This is a good place to work. The people are friendly and welcoming.  ", " A great company to work and develop your career. A very well known and famous institution manage by Korean nationals. Salary is based on 8hrs per day work in 6 days per week. Overtime work hours is paid in addition to basic pay. Every 6 months vacation with round-trip ticket. ", " A day at work consists of lots of new consumers interested in the product and need that perfect trust and knowledge as to how buying the product would  be helpful in their daily life and make their complex tasks more simple. The part I have learned is people remember you as the magic the face of the brand and your behaviour goes a long way in there love or hate for the brand, it was a great pleasure managing a team of talented individuals and also sets new challenges and pressure on each other to excel. The hardest part of the job is the long 11 hours shift one has to put in 5 days a week but the most enjoyable part is when a consumer comes weeks after buying a producat and shakes your hand and gives you a smile for helping them make the right choice. ", " At work the topical day was nice just keep doing your job . When I worked at Sam Sung i learned how to manufacture a phone and how to work fast .the management was great , with my co-workers we got along well , the hardest part of the job was when we working fast and no stop ,and the most enjoyable part of the job  when we go on lunch times . ", " Interesting work but no work/life balance.Over all it has been a good experience so far. ", " Eversince I work here in this company, i don't have a peace of mind because the HSE Department here is only a project requirements wherein it is not being followed.  I learned nothing here but instead, full of frustration because I have so many ideas which I learned from my experiences and sad to say, our immediate superior not supporting us.  I cannot say anything about my co-workers because they are doing their best while doing our tasks.  The hardest part of my life here is when I informed my manager about the Inherent Danger to Life &amp; health (IDHL) wherein I immediately stop the work because it may result in fatality or medical treatment case but my manager got angry with me &amp; saying that I must close my eyes to finish the job as early as possible.  The most enjoyable part of my life is when I apprehended the worker about their unsafe acts &amp; they follow my instructions immediately, meaning to say I save their life in some instances. ", " Daily routine works starts early in the morning with site coordination with the E/I contractors and learned to deal with different kind of personalities with different kind of language. Hardest part of the job when you are coping with the target plan scheduled and i enjoy the pressure especially when i had about to complete planned work ahead of time frame. ", " I work there as operator . and I learned about the TV production and how organize things in such a big factory like Samsung and much Work colleges .   ", " - Pressure day during Payroll distribution to employee by cash - Learned and experience how to handle and cooperate with many nationality. Exposed in SAP. - Management are good and Professional in handling its employees. - Co-workers cooperates with each other &amp; supportive - The hardest part of a job is to transport the company cash widrawals from bank to project site location. - When we receive our salary and during refreshments ", " It was great experience working with one of the finest engineers in South Korea. Samsung provides top quality working environment.  ", " Managagin technical issues and being interface between local partners/customers and our R&amp;D team. Try to find new business and oportunities based on new technologies a ", " Very busy - need to multi-task Demanding workload Great learning experience Lack of work/life balance Interesting culture "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Samsung is not a good place for foreigners to make a long term career. The culture is militaristic, top-down, and stifling of critical thinking. They have to a great deal because a large portion of employees leave within in the first year. Retention is terrible. ", " I was shift semiconductor production line supervisor. control 120 shift empolyee , manage the production line, and quality of semiconductor. It is been good time work at samsung company. ", " Busy and fun. Every day you will learn something new. Koreans are very dedicated to the employees. Reports Making sure our agents are happy ", " Samsung is a company that is growing at a tremendous pace. Consequently, the infrastructure is challenged to adapt. The pace is extremely fast paced, and it is essentially to be able to switch gears and adjust to the crisis of the moment. I have learned the nuances of the consumer electronics business and the challenges of continuing to grow in a viciously competitive market. I have been privileged to lead a great team, and to help them grow in their career development. ", " Best company we can ever work for.  Talented people. Great reward. ", " Review the base station Interpreter of Korean. I learnt about employees' responsibility to their work and hard working mind. ", " Assisting customers with basic troubleshooting with their products setting up repairs and taking payments. Utilize various on-line tools including MS Office (Word, Excel) to research, diagnose and resolve customer issues. Utilize web-based applications to navigate through multiple on-line information resources. Responsible for accurately documenting customer records including, essential information that is necessary to resolve the customer's concern, for handling customer transactions and recommending equipment and accessory upgrades. Make independent decisions based on established guidelines, handle complex customer issues in an independent, timely and efficient manner while maintaining quality standards for customer satisfaction, and effectively diagnose a customer's issue by asking probing questions and demonstrating effective listening skills ", " Most people works too many hours. It is a very competitive environment. The management is not too organized. Just predatory in pursuing projects. ", " A lot of great people working there, always innovating the work place, food is pretty good, the traffic is bad at certain times. The place is run pretty fairly. ", " Workdays were sometimes endless, the working benefits were OK but the management of time was very poor. ", " Samsung is a great place to work in terms of excitement and tends to have many crisis situations that in turn creates constantly changing priorities. It takes the right personality type to succeed at here, you have to be a self learner and seek out information because generally training is not that great. The people who work here are great and that provides for a fun work environment. Over the last few years the site has made significant improvements in the work culture and environment. ", " Working here can be fun and sometimes stressful. It's mostly stressful when it comes down to the wire and everyone is trying to hit company goals to get bonuses or if things are down that really need to be up and running. You will find several co-workers who don't really want to be there, and show up only for a pay check. The hardest part of this job for me was being in a smock the entire shift, but the benefits are amazing compared to other companies.  Overall you can really excel and do well in this company as long as you keep working hard. ", " A typical day at work was auditing invoices that came in on a daily basis. Great co-workers and management. ", " Worked for Samsung through Mosaic Solutions  - Representative came into Mosaic to train staff on Samsung phone and products. - High energy - Highly supportive ", " I used to work on the production line making microwave ovens, we had to be proficient in the various jobs along the production line. A typical day i would be in the testing booth, i would be the first person to put electricity through the microwave to test it. My co workers were a great bunch to work with, we all had our individual strengths and weaknesses. The hardest part of the job was saying goodbye to everyone when the factory closed down. ", " Salary seemed not that good compared to other big companies, though thought the job security was good. ", " I learned lot's of things while i worked in Samsung. For example: How could i play with my workmates and how can i make my own decisions. ", " Samsung is growing every year and already become big giant in consumable electronics. ", " American and Korean Culture mixed up and balanced... sometimes, work requires more than 40 hours per week. Korean culture is very unique and very productive but it requires some sacrifies personal life. ", " Spent most of my time in a lab testing the different real world situations of washers, dryers, stoves, ovens, and refrigerators. Record results of tests and compiled reports on the findings. Tested Samsung products versus competitor products  Learned a lot about working on my own, managing several tests at a time, and what goes into making each and every device work. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " . To ensure that all works to be perform are complying BGS and standard. Permit Issuer . Doccumentation on construction project . Co workers are belong to different countries . The hardest part of the job if skilled are not qualified to the task .Much enjoy part of the job if its your boss smile and appreciate your effort and if you succes to solve the problems ", " Working for Samsung is a great experience no doubt, in the same time person have to keep looking for new challenges in his career and life. ", " My manager was great, but I have heard horror stories about other departments (long work hours, no training). The training in my department was so awesome, and I made great friends with all of my co-workers. I had no problem with my department, or my management. I rarely worked over time, but my friends in other departments were ALWAYS working extreme overtime to finish projects. This was mainly due to their managers and the way they ran their own department. Although my team was awesome, this is why I left the company after only six months:  When hired as an Entry Level CORP Engineer, I was impressed with their four week training system and how team oriented they were. However, they didn't tell any of us in which department we'd be placed, not even when offered the job. All process engineers (computer oriented job) in the department I was eventually placed in were required to stay in the FAB (clean suit), for 90-95% of the time, while all other departments' process engineers were allowed to be in the office the entire time. I was VERY physically uncomfortable with the clean suit and the job's physical requirements, and when I approached HR about the situation was told that I could switch departments only after six months. The end of six months came and no departments had any job openings for an Engineer 1, even though they were still hiring Entry Level CORP Engineers and placing them throughout the company. If the job wasn't listed in the system, I couldn't switch. I would have had to wait for a job to enter in to the system, but even then I'd have to wait another year (total ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> of 1 1/2 years) before asking to switch departments because the six month mark would have already passed. Because of this, I left the company.  Some people don't mind the FAB, but I am not one of those people. Being in there for 1-3 hours at a time is okay, but for 12 hours shifts every day, they are almost unbearable. It is so loud in there, you're covered from head to toe with a clean suit (only your eyes showing), and you are not allowed to take in food or drinks. There is no music and no internet to even take small breaks, and the lights are a weird yellow color that is so bothersome. Going to the restroom was a challenge all in itself, which included walking about 150 yards to the exit, taking off the clean suit, putting it back on, and walking another 150 yards through the FAB. Had I been placed in a department that did not require as much FAB time, I would have stayed much longer. Make sure that you can handle the physical requirements (lifting 10-20 lb foups) if you are going to be placed in that environment! They never mentioned any of this to me during the interview, and I even asked when the HR rep called me to offer me the job. She couldn't even answer what department I'd be placed in, because she didn't know! Ask these questions during your interview to help your placement!! I am a mechanical engineer and got placed with chemical engineers. ???? At least my manager and TR were awesome and let me choose to be a process engineer instead of an equipment engineer (having to lift extremely heavy pieces). Being a 5'1\" woman with three herniated discs, I would not have lasted one week as an equipment engineer. ", " Working in a demanding, challenging environment, everyday is different which what makes this job enjoyable. Making a difference and improving customer satisfaction in itself is very rewarding. Learning to cope with media pressure as well as demanding customers is a real learning curve. The hardest part was where you were constantly re-training staff to try and eliminate further mistakes. Management is very supportive, however you do have to use initiative and work alone as well as in a Team. ", " friendly atmosphere , learnt loads about my self , some of the workers up them selfs ", " People are what make it here. The company has come a long way, and while this review will vary by department, there are great benefits at Samsung, unmatched PTO program across the industry, and good perks. ", " Job security is very good. Competition among co-workers is a little high. Relations between people is hard part because of competition. ", " help customers with solving their issues with their product ", " worked long hours, sometimes forced to work overtime and weekends. Not much room for advancement. The management when I worked there was disorganized and did not communicate well together therefore things were always in chaos. The hardest part of the job was dealing with the constant chaos and constantly changing what my responsibilities were from day to day. The most enjoyable part of the job was the people I worked with for the most part. ", " A typical day at work included handling high volume calls and making sure that each call was handled with a first call resolution. I learned many things daily. The management team was great. They were always available to assist with any issue and provided great feedback and coaching in our on one on meetings. There were some difficult calls that required extra patience and creative, but honest resolutions to take care of the issue. The most enjoyable part was that each day in certain ways was different. ", " Deliverable Day  Patient  Good Team  Nothing  schedule the date Before finish the project ", " I had a very busy schedule almost everyday. I learned about latest technology &amp; market trends. The management were very goal oriented. There were polite &amp; highly educated co-workers. It was hard to work for long hours in the most weekends. I enjoyed office fun gatherings and training tours. ", " A typical day requires travel to various retail locations to advance sales and educate the consumer and sales associates on Samsung products. Management tends to react first and then access and plan. Needs more strategic planning. The hardest part of the job is the ever changing priorities and travel schedule. Extremely fast paced environment. The most enjoyable part is enteracting with potential customers. I love my home based office. ", " This company had the best benefits I have ever seen! The company overall is great but some of the Management you have to watch out for! Worked there 11 years and went through 2 directors and 4 managers and only the first set were honest. The last 6 years there all I heard were lies and people stabbing each other in the back. I would still work here again if I had the chance and for the right position because the benefits were just that good and I got used to not having a personal life. ", " The company as a whole is a great company! It has the best benefits I have ever seen. However, you work for those benefits such as no home life as you work almost 24/7! Management, well within the business unit I worked in, it's not what you know but who you know in order to advance. No all Management is like that but there are more then one that are. ", " -The daily routine is usual that is natural to all epc companies. -I learned to work so Independently and apply my personal abilities to my scope of work based on my previous experience in terms of documentation and handling of subcontractors. -lack of transportation,specially on department wise. -Co-workers are the same functions as every companies nothing is unusual. -The hardest part is the Final stage if you did not start the project from the beginning,if you were only transferred from another project. -I enjoy my work being Independent because i can apply the system as per my experience.with respect to company standard and clients specification. ", " Bad Lots of meeting, crisis management quality reports and explanations Hard to find out what is main priority with Korean/US goals. It is electronics manufacturer so hiring in cycles up and down. I was chemical process engineer so environment was shock in Fab.  Good Austin is great place to live Good benefits one month vacation/year, great medical coverage, and vested 401K at start. ", " Invaluable work experience in a large company with a worldwide reputation. ", " Learned a lot about consumer products from microwave ovens to plasma TVs Learned a lot about sponsorship and events - many of which I organized and implemented Great team ", " Had a lot of autonomy regarding the marketing materials I produced for the company Multicultural team made it slightly challenging but interesting "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " A typical day involved answering technical support calls at the inbound call center. basic to advanced troubleshooting on issues regarding android and windows operating systems using company resources and personal knowledge. I learned quite a bit about operating systems and understanding of the intricacies of up and coming technology. My co-workers were amazing. they were always there to make the day go by quickly while maintaining a professional and fun work place. The hardest part of the job was staying inside the support boundaries of the tier one support. The most enjoyable part of the job was talking to all of the customers and making them happy when i could fix their phones with a few basic steps. Also I really enjoyed learning about phones and operating systems, I learned something new everyday. ", " a typical day at work what you learned management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job ", " All the colleagues are nice. And staff benefits is flexible and responsible ", " Came into work at 4pm and had a met with my team mates to see if there are any pressing issues that I will have to work on during my night shift. After that I would begin to look in the issues that my coworkers mentioned or any new issues that came up during my shift. If there was a no issues to work on or I was forced to wait for feedback from another team to continue with resolving an issue , I would work on another project that I volunteered to do.a client side application to an automation Android app created by Samsung.  My coworkers at Samsung were like my family in Washington. We teased each other many times and I felt really close to many of them. Some of them weren't even part of my team but I feel as if I left a great impression on all of them.  The management at Samsung was very inspirational. Every time i went in to talk to them about an issue I had or anything like that i left their office feeling inspired to do a better job than ever before.  The best part about the job was the independence. Working the night shift was kind of lonesome , with only a handful of fellow employees staying in after 8pm-12am but it also gave me a great sense of independence.  The hardest part for me was leaving Samsung. It felt like I was leaving my new found family for my real family, but it is something that had to be done considering the circumstances with my family. ", " Samsung is not the company that I am going to recommend to my friends and family. Unless you are Korean as part of core inner circle, there is no way you can exert your talent. ", " I work with a talented group of executives that are always trying improve, innovate and create. ", " the work is great and fast pace. It keeps me on my toes Love the work!!!! ", " Good pay and benefits but stressful work environment. Management as a whole is not very good. The company constantly operates \"in panic mode.\" Work a minimum of 50 hours per week. Lots of young engineers that typically leave Samsung within 3 years. Promotions are based on a points system which is very skewed. ", " Strong company with heavy workload, more stability than other Semiconductor companies. ", " long hours working, good atmosphere, high salary and good relationship among staffs and managers. ", " that you must be concentrate on lists all the day....is not so good for eyes ", " A challenging environment because of the high expectations of sales by each staff.  Overall, very good working conditions with colleagues. But senior management expectations were arguably unrealistic, stressful when they were around, etc. ", " Samsung is a very successful yet challenging company to work for. They are work driven and productivity is key. Hard work pays off and they are one of the leading Manyfacturer's in the country. ", " Overall it was a very friendly environment to work in and also a very good company to work for. ", " The company was good to work for, I was only hired for temp (4 months period). Provided support on build and release to users in India, Korea and Dallas locations. Enjoyed working with them all, management was good too. ", " character that shows respect to others and understanding other people before me. ", " this company is very unorganized and they will constantly give you VTO that stands for Voluntary time off but its not Voluntary you have to go home and they dont let you make up the hours ", " I have gained much experience through Samsung, I have learned how to communicate and engage with the end user, by using Marketing Guidelines and Principles at the shop front to aid in Awareness and Sales. I Have also learned how to manage and monitor new and old product lines and identify issues that would prevent Sell through of our products. Working as part of a team I have gained experience in the Management of people, retail assets and have learnt how escalate and resolve HR issues.  With a keen sense and drive for Sales I have the ability to build good realtionships with customers and through trust and commitment utilize this to aid in Sell through of our Products.  The biggest challange of my job is the great variety of products which we have to sell, and having to travel out of town every week. As well as extremely long hours.  The most enjoyable part of my job is the people that I work with and my customers who I have built really good relationships with and the very good quality of our products and the Strength of the Brand. ", " The best place to work at! Here I learned a lot about accounting and how to train employees on different things.  Great pay and room to grow. ", " Same as SAMSUNG Display. I have worked same people and place with SAMSUNG Display because SAMSUNG Display just seperate from SAMSUNG Electronics. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " pay is ok. but if you are a contractor your a nobody. if you get hired on then you get all the perks. simple as that. ", " Great work experience. Glad I can put this company in my resume. Very diverse crowd and always busy doing something. ", " I worked the schedule control, the quality control(QC), the co-orination with other parts, the safety guardiance, the operational test, and the final turn-over to owner. My working time was normaly8:00am to 6:00pm. The hardest part was the material purchasing at the oversea site. The operational test is enjoyable work for me. Thank you. ", " benefit and compensation are good, but too much work with overtime ", " Secure position, at the moment not permanent, casual, continuous learning enironment, knowledgeable, great team work, excellent co-workers, great incentives, targets are reached every month, rewards system, lunch &amp; dinner for KPI's &amp; also introduction to new staff ", " I had to receive all the return merchandise, check if the pieces are in the right packet serial number and the wrote the information on our database.  I learned to prepare documents to return merchandise to another countries.  Management was very good and helpful. The co-workers very easy going and help anytime.  No have enough space to relocated the merchandise and had to reduce my area job space.  Breaks and lunch because share whit all friends. ", " I can never say enough about how much I liked working for Samsung ", " Balancing work and family is difficult for many positions. Benefits are nice. ", " I currently do the 5s improvements to my bay help work in teams when trouble shooting and fixing our cmp tools ", " The people at Samsung are fantastic. Samsung gives everyone a fair opportunity to advance. There are amazing opportunities to learn if you have departmental management that is willing to empower the staff. I developed many skills and philosophies that can be applied to any industry or work environment. The benefits and compensation are excellent.  The major issues are work/life balance and poor communication between upper management and the workers on the floor. There is a significant problem with dual communication paths. There is a Korean and an American channel. This creates confusion and poor efficiency. This creates a lack of trust at all levels. The manufacturing environment is fast paced, but Samsung works on the philosophy of induced stress for perceived optimum performance. There is no longer an appreciation for extra effort with the expectation that 50-60 hour work weeks are normal. The burn-out factor becomes significant after 5-6 yrs. I enjoyed 14 years with the company, but had to eventually put my spirituality and family first. ", " Introduced to a new work culture Good use of technological tools Very knowledgeable managers ", "   Provide information about products, warranties and maintenance to potential customers in a shopping mall ", " Samsung is a good company, with challenging and great experience ", " I have learned a lot from my time with Samsung, I have improved my knowledge of all aspects of electronics and customer service. I have worked with all there products at various times so its always exciting and challenging. ", " Monday is a typical day as there is no customers. There i learned lot of things, how to handle the customers how to treat them, how to handle the tough situation. My co-workers are from different countries and they are very friendly with me. Customer handling is a very easy job for me there is nothing like hard. I enoyed a lot with my arabic customers. ", " Excellent working culture, technology,  most enjoyable part of the job is learning environment ", " Decent place to work if you like to collect a decent paycheck. Not much of a challenge for technicians. ", " \" I worked with a Great team of people at Samsung to make the event run smoothly. \" ", " Leading various projects from Feature Lockdown to launch and Post launch support ", " A high capital business in a very competitive industry. The hiring ramp was fast and furious. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " this is a overseas job, i got qualified on three qualifications suxh as ER6010/7018 carbon steel,stainless steel and chrome. ", " Working in Samsung is fun and people are productive.  I really enjoyed working and testing latest phones and having to report the problems. ", " Help people fill their meds there mail order service, and assist with Insurance. ", " Working in Warehouse for most of day and report daily work end of day using MS Excel or Power Point. Learned business structure and how to identify cause of defect by trouble shooting. ", " The job involves promotion and sales. Few customers, even fewer buy. co-workers are easy to work with especially when they are in good mood! The hardest part of the job is when there is no customer and nothing to do. the best part is when polite customers walk in the store. ", " Nice manegment . Transpotation, 6 working day 1 hollyday (friday) evry day 8hr basic and 3 hr overtime 8+3=11 hrs. ", " A typical day at work is not. Every day brings different challenges, and task rarely repeat, and that's great about the job. ", " - Stable job, good pay - Difficult work / life balance - Company is turning around as far as culture and management practices ", " Studied, analyzed, and projected on current and future marketing trends. Managed and coordinated with multiple personnel and different teams. Very demanding hours, yet the work experience and the ambiance was very pleasant. Beneficial and healthy relationship between my co-workers. ", " Get to work on latest mobile technologies. Just work. No life. Constant pressure and stress. ", " It was a fast paced, company with clear goals, plans and controls. It fostered performance, technical competence, overall learning, individual development and growth. The culture was collaborative and management provided good coaching.  The hardest part of the job was the work life balance. ", " Nice accomodation and foods. Managers knowledgeable of their jobs and we are well respected. ", " My Roles And Responsibilities Are As Follows \uf0b7 To enhance the Project Management Team managerial skills. \uf0b7 Submitting prequalification questionnaire for industrial projects valued more than 100 M USD. \uf0b7 Preparing and submitting technical and commercial proposals. \uf0b7 Representing the company for major clients in the Saudi Arabia Industrial markets. \uf0b7 Involved in project strategy setting to boost the projects volume via marketing EPC experiences. \uf0b7 Administer all formal registration of the company profile for the clients systems. \uf0b7 Coordinate all OOK, IK meeting and communication with top management level to coordinate with companies. ", " Company overall was good however my manager was the worst manager ever. Not helpful to any of the employees that were new and it was always get it done and no thank you's! ", " I often use to take a glance with my list of \"things to do\" so I can deal with updated reports and pass it on time. I learned how to manage people regarding expediting reports and by doing it accurately. I discuss things with my co-workers because I still believe two brains is better than one. The most enjoyable part is meeting deadlines and satisfying your boss on reports you made. ", " Samsung's managment is lacking and very insular. VERY difficult to get information out of the corporate engineering groups to train the customers. ", " Typical day at work would be met with many challenges all due to communication issues. There is a lot of work to be done to improve communication between the Korean ex-pats and the locals. I learnt that things change on a daily basis :-). In the last couple of years HR started training the staff which is much appreciated. Co-workers are fantastic, hard working, enjoyable people to be around. Hardest part of the job is the rule changing and long hours. Most enjoyable part is the variety of the job ", " A typical day at work consisted of me assisting Master Engineers who were out in the field servicing Samsung Home Appliances. I also had to provide symptom repair scenarios and part recommendations for technicians so they would be better prepared prior to visiting customers homes.Hard Work, Dedication, and Information contribution goes unnoticed and there is a lack of professionalism within he workplace. My co-workers were genuinely good people and team players. The hardest part of my job was not being able to apply what I knew as opposed to doing what was told, and in return, progress and success in the workplace went nowhere. There were times when I had the opportunity to input data from what I found about fixing Home Appliances via of talking with technicians and Customers and that led me quality and relevant information which helped Samsung Engineers update their Products. ", " going to stores and shops selling samsung products and taking the sell out of the samsung mobile product weekly and checking all the models of samsung that is available in the shops,i learnt that it gave me lots of experience in mobiles as to my previous job before this in mobiles,it gives me experience in how to manage my time,the hardest part of the job was solving problems with the owners of the shops with the company as they can be very challenging,the enjoyable part of the job was getting to know different people in the shops and all the knowledge that i learnt ", " Company does not hold American values - employees not treated with respect, Korean managment is 2 faced and is often screaming at and belittling employees in front of co-workers. Noisy work environment. Little training and long hours, without true recognition for your efforts. Job description was misleading and it is very difficult to move to a different area, so you are stuck. Chances for advancement are slim unless you are Korean or kiss up to management which means losing all dignity. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " This company has great benefits and their pay range is very good in most cases. The company has some issues with software systems and there is a lot of ambiguity. They are making some changes in management focus. Time will tell if this will be for the better. ", " Work hard, hard deadlines, fast pace environment. It is a great company to work for. Lots of opportunities. Great company. ", " I enjoyed working at Samsung. The management and leadership teams were cutting edge and very appreciative of their subordinates.  I learned to write execution orders and Marketing Communications from one of the largest companies in the world.  It was very exciting to work on national ad campaigns and trade shows where there was phenomenal creative talent.  It is unfortunate that I worked there when the recession hit because I would still be there today. ", " Best department was Training. Everyone in the department was very close and would do anything to help out their co-workers. ", " Overall great company to work for. Great work . A typical would include going into retail stores and training the retail associates on the specfic products followed with a report that was due by the end of the day. ", " Great benefits, great working environment, best ethical practice, excellent chance for advance. Different management style that hard to follow and free meals, best profit sharing and excellent appreciation affair. ", " My work start at 8am for checking all the network and servers right before users start around 9am. Start supporting users' problem and follow up on going projects. My work place is mobile phone R&amp;D lab and 95% of users are SW engineers who requires both Windows and Linux systems for build environments with a lot of SW version, tracking, merging, and build servers. Since the Samsung is global company, Samsung has its own global intranet servers and have to understand how it works and how to troubleshoot. ", " I worked for Samsung (Richardson) for almost five years and was treated like trash the entire time. The only way you're safe is if you're Korean and then you are worked even harder than if you're American. Most of my co-workers were great people, but Korean co-workers were treated differently and always got the first promotion, even if they weren't qualified. ", " Great environment fostering freedom as far as methods of working are concerned as long as we deliver results in the allotted time. ", " Okay... if you plan to work for Korean company, assume that you will be working for minimum 10 - 13 hours Mon - Fri plus some weekends.  Money might be okay but you will have not much time for your family and personal things.  Like someone commented here, Korean believe long hours of work is better than work smart. it's just their blood.  However, you cannot just say No to their theory because somehow Samsung became one of the largest and most competitive company in the world.  So beware of longgggg hours!!!! ", " I was busy everyday with long hours working. The management were very bad, and my colleagues werent nice at all. ", " I speak with customers for level 2 support i answer level 1 and level 2 calls. I have to remember product information from 2001 up to now and be able to assist the customers with purchasing parts or troubleshoot there is with installing the electronics to monitors,tvs,home theaters, cameras fridge, ranges, microwaves...basically anything that is electronic samsung makes it and im there to fix it. ", " Challenging work environment with plenty of opportunity for advancement if you have thick skin and don't require work life balance. ", " There is a reason almost all reviewers are \"Former Employee\". Samsung churns through people! Samsung does not value Americans, your job is to shut up and work long hours. You dare not say anything bad about the boss and work long hours. Samsung hires more permanent people then it needs, so that it can fire people after the project is over. And that relocation money you got, well you have to pay them back regardless of why/how you\u2019re leaving. Samsung will lie to you to get you to take their job. Ask as many Samsung \"Former Employee\" as you can about their experiences before taking the job offer. Why are there so, so may Samsung \"Former Employee\"? Hire and Fire is the Samsung way. Don't say I didn't warn you. Because of the Samsung Fear factor at work, you can't trust your co-workers, because they are scared about their job and will do anything including lying to keep their job. Because every South Korean is drafted into the military, the company is run like the South Korean military boot-camp. Samsung only will do the bare minimum (only what is legally required) to protect your Safety. Samsung doesn't want to spend money on Safety, except if they have too. ", " Had several positions from Line technician, Tech Support CE Products. Field Representative for the east zone. Supported Service Centers to resolve daily issues from warranty claims, to policy administration. Supported Customers and Dealers and offer options to take care of their needs. Generated Training Manuals on (CE, and Home Appliance) products. Trained Technicians, Field Sales Team and dealers. ", " There is no on the job training facility. Lack of planning. Poor test beds and lab equipment and resources for R&amp;D. One can expect quick Trun-Around time for issues and bug-fixes based on customer and end user reports. ", " My job at Samsung was great, what I did not like was the way it was operated. There was favortism, and a lot a non legal demands. ", " It is a good place to develop software. There are extensive training before a new developer enters a development team. ", " Very challenging and crowded office environment with lots of newly graduated engineers and well experienced professionals working in samsung ", " This company works hard, but you can feel a good archievement.. The workers are very professional and great people... I like this company. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " It's a really great place to work, if you like 13hr days.  Korean's assume long hour days are more productive, then working smartly. The unspoken expectation is that you work 13hr days, regardless of what gets done. Korean's pace their work for the 13hr days instead of accomplishing same work in less time, more smartly. Successful American engineers will learn to do the same. It's a mind numbing, intellectually dishonest environment, where doing something \"better\" is considered doing something counter to what the Korean's do. You dare not think different!  As a hiring manager, I would think twice before hiring a Samsung employee, as they may work \"hard\" but not smartly.  Samsung invest allot in \"lean\" training. However what gets implemented is employee parroting the language of lean, but not rethinking their job and how to do it more smartly, more efficiently with less resources; because, doing something \"better\" is considered doing something counter to what the Korean's do.  Samsung's practice is to hire experienced engineers from target companies, enticing them with good salary steal their ideas and their previous employee\u2019s business knowledge; then let the now over-paid employee go. ", " It's a great place to work, if you like 13hr days. Korean's assume long hour days are more productive, then working smartly. The unspoken expectation is that you work 13hr days, regardless of what gets done. Korean's pace their work for the 13hr days instead of accomplishing same work in less time, more smartly. Successful American engineers will learn to do the same. It's a mind numbing, intellectually dishonest environment, where doing something \"better\" is considered doing something counter to what the Korean's do. You dare not think different!  As a hiring manager, I would think twice before hiring a Samsung employee, as they may work \"hard\" but not smartly.  Samsung invest allot in \"lean\" training. However what gets implemented is employee parroting the language of lean, but not rethinking their job and how to do it more smartly, more efficiently with less resources; because, doing something \"better\" is considered doing something counter to what the Korean's do.  Samsung's practice is to hire experienced engineers from target companies, enticing them with good salary steal their ideas and their previous employee\u2019s business knowledge; then let the now over-paid employee go. ", " Excelent conpamy to work with, ill love to work again here if the company comes to New York. ", " The hardest part of the job is the position not being able to last longer. ", " It is hard to make a balance work and life. They don't have a long-term plan. They easily changed project schedule. ", " Very business orientated! Samsungs goal to make sure that every person gets the best product available. The upstand nature makes you want to be apart of a continuing growing company. ", " Really enjoyed the job but i only wish i were converted to have been offered benefits ", " Samsung is a Korean company that has Korean offices around the World. It finds itself trying to become a global corporation, but is struggling. Samsung is run like a military organization that justifies it because of Korean culture and tradition. As a non-Korean you will never truly know what management is thinking or their reasoning, no matter how long you dedicate to this company. Non-Koreans are consistently frustrated and ultimately decide to seek opportunities with other firms. ", " productive and good workplace very good coworker overtime ", " I had a very good time working in Samsung , nice people. love the work environment. ", " Working at the Samsung showroom for 4 years was a great learning experience for me in the retail industry. It taught me how to use key marketing messaging to promote product and helped me improve my communication skills to a more higher standard. After years in working in actual retail, this was a great step up from my previous work. ", " Great position because of the compensation structure, autonomy and working from home. Over the years the territories and criteria have grown considerably with no increase in pay. No opportunities for advancement, but overall a great position. ", " People in my team were helpful and friendly. My work fitted my personal attributes very well and I learned a lot as an associate analyst, leading me to study current master's program. ", " I myself really enjoyed being a CSR but for this particular company i did not like it. I feel that the management could be a lot better and there should be more professional operation managers. They should hire more people that really care for the position they are in. The pay is good but when it comes to mandatory overtime they rarely ask if you can do it. ", " The pay and compensation appear to be great at first, but it does not make up for the lack of leadership development in management. After asking multiple fellow employees why they continue to work at Samsung, none have answered that they like the job or company. The only consistent response was that the pay and benefits are acceptable.  No matter what choice an employee makes when situations occur, management always declares it to be the wrong choice. This incessant second-guessing works together with the lack of training to create an unmotivated, frantic workforce that is prone to be indecisive. The unofficial motto of this company is to \"work harder, not smarter.\" ", " Great training and on the job insite. the facility is great. ", " Good management staff at the company, but the way the company is ran could be better, constant change in company that helps and hinder people ", " The company management took care of the employees. The culture and values are well regarded. It is a very stable and well protected company to the employee as well as to the customers. ", " \ub9ce\uc740 \uad50\uc721 \ud504\ub85c\uadf8\ub7a8\uacfc \ubcf5\uc9c0 \ud61c\ud0dd\uc744 \uc81c\uacf5\ud574 \uc90d\ub2c8\ub2e4.  \ub300\uc678\uc801\uc73c\ub85c \uae30\uc5c5 \uc774\ubbf8\uc9c0\uac00 \uc548 \uc88b\uc740 \ubc18\uba74 \ub0b4\ubd80\uc801\uc73c\ub85c\ub294 \uc0bc\uc131 \uc548\uc5d0\uc11c \uadf8\ub4e4\ub9cc\uc758 \ud589\ubcf5\uc744 \ub204\ub9ac\uba70 \uc0bd\ub2c8\ub2e4.  \uac01 \uc0ac\uc5c5\ubd80\ub9c8\ub2e4\uc758 \ud2b9\uc131\uc774 \uc788\uc9c0\ub9cc TV \uc0ac\uc5c5\ubd80\ub294 \ucd08\ucc3d\uae30 \ubd80\ud130 \uc720\uc9c0\ud574\uc624\uba70 \uc5b4\ub290 \uc815\ub3c4\uc758 \ub9e4\ucd9c\uc744 \uc62c\ub9ac\ub294 \uc870\uc9c1\uc774\ub77c \uc624\ub79c\uae30\uac04 \uc870\uc9c1\uc5d0 \ubab8 \ub2f4\uace0 \uc788\ub294 \uc0ac\ub78c\ub4e4\uc774 \ub9ce\uc2b5\ub2c8\ub2e4. \uc774\ub7f0 \uc774\uc720\ub85c \uace0\uc5f0\ub839\uc758 \uc784\uc9c1\uc6d0\uc774 \ub9ce\uc73c\uba70 \uc218\ud3c9\ubcf4\ub2e4\ub294 \uc218\uc9c1\uc801 \ubd84\uc704\uae30\uac00 \ub9ce\uc2b5\ub2c8\ub2e4.  \uace0\uc5f0\ub839\ub300\uc758 \uc784\uc9c1\uc6d0\uc774 \ud1f4\uc9c1\ud558\uace0 \uc0c8\ub85c\uc6b4 \uc544\uc774\ub514\uc5b4\ub4e4\uc774 \ubc18\uc601\ub418\ub294\ub370 \ubb38\uc81c\uac00 \uc5c6\ub294 \uc2dc\uc808\uc774 \uc628\ub2e4\uba74 \uc0bc\uc131\uc73c\ub85c\uc120 \uc7ac\ub3c4\uc57d\ud558\ub294 \uae30\ud68c\uac00 \ub420\uac83\uc785\ub2c8\ub2e4.   \ubd88\uacfc 6~7\ub144\uc804\uae4c\uc9c0 analog TV\uac00 \uc8fc\ub958\uc77c \ub54c\ub294 TV\ub97c \ub9cc\ub4dc\ub294 \uac1c\ubc1c\uc790\uac00 5~6\uba85\uc73c\ub85c \uc774\ub904\uc838 \ub048\ub048\ud55c \uc804\uc6b0\uc560\ub85c \uc5c5\ubb34\ub97c \ud558\uba70 \ubc24\uc744 \uc0c8\uba70 \ud568\uaed8 \uc77c\ud558\uae30\ub3c4 \ud588\uc73c\ub098 \ud604\uc7ac\ub294 \uc218\ubc31\uba85\uc774 \uac01\uac01\uc758 \ubaa8\ub4c8\uc744 \uac1c\ubc1c\ud558\uace0 \uc788\uc5b4 \uac1c\ubcc4\uc791\uc5c5\uc73c\ub85c \uc81c\ud488\uc774 \ub9cc\ub4e4\uc5b4\uc9d1\ub2c8\ub2e4.  Analog TV\uac1c\ubc1c\uc2dc\uae30\ub294 \uc5f4\uc2ec\ud788 \uc77c\ud558\ub294 \ub9cc\ud07c \uc8fc\uc911 70\uc2dc\uac04\uc774 \ub118\ub294 \uadfc\ubb34\uc2dc\uac04\uc744 \uc18c\ud654\ud588\ub358 \ud130\ub77c \uc5c5\ubb34\uc758 \uac15\ub3c4\ub3c4 \ub192\uc558\ub358 \uc2dc\uc808\uc774\uc5c8\uc2b5\ub2c8\ub2e4. \ub204\uad6c\ub098 \uc5b4\ub824\uc6b4 \uc2dc\uae30\uc5d0 \ud568\uaed8\ud55c \uc0ac\ub78c\uc744 \uae30\uc5b5\ud558\ub4ef\uc774 \uc544\uc9c1\ub3c4 \ud798\ub4e0 \uc2dc\uae30\uc5d0 \ud568\uaed8 \ud588\ub358 \uac1c\ubc1c\uc790\ub4e4\uacfc\ub294 \uce5c\ubd84\uc744 \uc313\uc73c\uba70 \ubaa8\uc784\uc744 \uac00\uc9c0\uae34 \ud569\ub2c8\ub2e4.  \ud604\uc7ac \ub9e1\uace0 \uc788\ub294 Usability \uc5c5\ubb34\ub97c \ud1b5\ud574 TV\uc758 \uc228\uc740 \ub2e8\uc810\ub4e4\uc744 \ucc3e\uc544\ub0b4\ub294 \uc77c\uc744 \ud558\uace0 \uc788\uc2b5\ub2c8\ub2e4. \uc544\uc9c1\uc740 \uc0ac\uc6a9\uc131\uc758 \uc815\uc758\ub97c \uc774\ud574 \ubabb\ud558\ub294 \uc784\uc6d0\uc758 \uc9c0\uc2dc\ub85c \ubd88\ud569\ub9ac\ud55c \uc5c5\ubb34\ub97c \ud560\ub2f9\ubc1b\uae30\ub3c4 \ud558\uc9c0\ub9cc \ubbf8\ub798\ub294 \uc0ac\uc6a9\ud558\uba74\uc11c \uac10\ub3d9\uc744 \ubc1b\uc744 \uc218 \uc788\ub294 \uc81c\ud488\uc744 \ub9cc\ub4e4 \uc218 \uc788\uc744\uac70\ub77c \uae30\ub300\ud558\uba70 \uc77c\ud558\uace0 \uc788\uc2b5\ub2c8\ub2e4. ", " Eu trabalhei nas olimp\u00edadas no parque ol\u00edmpico, durante o per\u00edodo ol\u00edmpico e paral\u00edmpico apenas. N\u00e3o foi um grande tempo mas adquiri muita experi\u00eancia a trabalhar com pessoas. Me destaquei entre 110 jovens sendo o \u00fanico a adquirir uma posi\u00e7\u00e3o permanente no grupo. (T\u00ednhamos posi\u00e7\u00f5es diferentes diariamente) "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " uma boa empresa pra se trabalhar, oferece benef\u00edcios satisfat\u00f3rios. ", " Trabajo saludable aprendi a manejar el clarck muy organizado todo lo que mas gusto del es que habia muchas oportunidades de progesar ", " Aprendi a monta aparelhos celulares,  infelizmente tem pessoas que n\u00e3o  vam com sua cara e te prejudicam por isso, minha l\u00edder de produ\u00e7\u00e3o n\u00e3o  foi \u00e9tica comigo, por isso fui demitida da empresa. ", " Empresa influenciada fortemente pela filosofia de trabalho coreano. Atrasos e faltas n\u00e3o s\u00e3o tolerados. Trabalhei por 10 anos nessa empresa e desenvolvi bastante minhas habilidades t\u00e9cnicas e de lideran\u00e7a. Excelente equipe de trabalho. A parte mais dif\u00edcil era manter uma vida social e profissional em virtude de horas extras constantes. ", " Demonstrava produtos da marca Samsung nas lojas Kalunga e realizava levantamento de estoque. ", " Me encanto trabajar con ellos, por que era un ambiente de trabajo muy pro-activo, los compa\u00f1eros de trabajo nos llev\u00e1bamos super bien, siempre hab\u00eda metas, retos y proyectos que lograr. ", " Aprendi muita coisa nos anos que trabalhei na empresa, n\u00e3o tenho o que reclamar da empresa. ", " no la califico pues es  con contrataci\u00f3n de terceros y fueron los que  hicieron que la mayor\u00eda del personal desertara e incluso  hiciera  desordenes en esta ", " Dentro da empresa pude aprender e passar meus conhecimentos. ", " Pude aprender, mais sobre a montagem de aparelhos celulares. Assim adquirindo novas experi\u00eancias profissionais ", " Muy buena empresa y de mucha calidad con muy buen ambiente de trabajo y supervisores y gerentes preocupados por el trabajador ", " Bonne entreprise EPC. C'est une grande entreprise ou tout est bien organise. ", " Werken voor Samsung is elke dag een nieuwe uitdaging. ", " 1 year Samsung experience equals to 3 years in other IT companies because of transactions. ", " la empresa como tal es buena lo malo de ella es que usa outsourcing para sus empleados a la cual dichas agencias abusan de las nominas las cuales no llegan a tiempo  no son claras ", " una charla muy confiable y agradezo su colaboracion y respeto ", " Buen ambiente laboral, compa\u00f1eros dispuestos a ayudar siempre, area de recursos humanos y jefe directo con muy buena voluntad... ", " C\u00f4ng vi\u1ec7c \u00e1p l\u1ef1c,con ng\u01b0\u1eddi \u1edf \u0111\u00e2y kh\u00f4ng ho\u00e0 \u0111\u1ed3ng,th\u1ee9c \u0103n \u0111\u00f4i khi kh\u00f4ng ngon ", " Je suis livr\u00e9 seul mon les produit tr\u00e8s capable pluss grand trajets ", " Moi nguoi giup do lan nhau, cong ty quan tam den doi song cua cong nhan vien, thuong xuyen to chuc cac hoat dong vui choi giai tri "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Oportunidad de trabajar septimo dia y horas extra para ganar y aprender un poco mas ", " Ha sido uno de los trabajos donde m\u00e1s he aprendido, con uno de los responsables que m\u00e1s me ha valorado positivamente ", " Au temple du multim\u00e9dia et de la culture , j'ai susnomm\u00e9 Virgin .   Acc\u00e8s a la culture facile , acc\u00e8s aux produits derni\u00e8re technologie tout la journ\u00e9e  Client\u00e8le tr\u00e8s diversifi\u00e9  Management pr\u00e9sent sous forme de client myst\u00e8re. ", " Nh\u1eefng ng\u00e0y l\u1ec5 ph\u1ee5 n\u1eef lu\u00e2n \u0111\u01b0\u1ee3c \u01b0u ti\u00ean,  \u0111\u01b0\u1ee3c t\u1ed5 ch\u1ee9c sinh nh\u1eadt... ", " Esta empresa me formo much\u00edsimo como merchandiser . y me dio muchos conocimientos y experiencia para desempe\u00f1arme en retaills ", " Tipikus koreai  c\u00e9g , nyeres\u00e9ges  \u00e9s korrekt  a  c\u00e9lokat mindig  biztosan  el\u00e9ri ,, Jap\u00e1n  \u00e9s t\u00e1voli orsz\u00e1gokkal kereskedelmi  kapcsolat  fenntart\u00e1sa ", " Como jovem aprendiz circulei por diversas \u00e1reas da empresa, trabalhei no estoque e aprendi sobre o processo KANBAN , FIFO, SAP , tamb\u00e9m conheci os m\u00e9todos produtivos desde a material recebido at\u00e9 o material pronto ao cliente .  2 horas da minha carga horaria de trabalho era focado em aprendizado como din\u00e2mica de grupo, 5S, artigos motivacionais entre outros .  Gostei muito de trabalhar na Samsung, onde comecei a tra\u00e7ar minha carreira profissional. ", " Sou muito grata,  aprendi c meus amigos muitas coisas respeito ao proximo, trabalhar em grupo... ", " Can cu chiu kho trong cong viec ,luon hoan thanh tot cong viec duoc giao ", " 1)\tUnderstand Samsung\u2019s products by myself and provide effective training to promoters in stores, ensure they have equipped with product knowledge and selling techniques 2)\tProvide good customer service and understand customer\u2019s needs. Conduct business in good manner with right attitude 3)\tConduct regular business meeting with store manager, ensure adequate stock level and achieve sales targets 4)\tProvide corrective action plan when targets were not achieved 5)\tRegular conference call with sales team. Share experience and information to achieve greater success for the company ", " Empresa enfocada en objetivos logrando resultado correcto para el cliente ", " \u0432 \u043f\u0440\u0438\u043d\u0446\u0438\u043f\u0435 \u043d\u0435 \u043f\u043b\u043e\u0445\u0430\u044f \u043a\u043e\u043c\u043f\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044f, \u043a\u043e\u0440\u043f\u043e\u0440\u0430\u0442\u0438\u0432\u043d\u044b\u0439 \u0442\u0440\u0430\u043d\u0441\u043f\u043e\u0440\u0442, \u0431\u0435\u0441\u043f\u043b\u0430\u0442\u043d\u043e\u0435 \u043f\u0438\u0442\u0430\u043d\u0438\u0435. ", " E tranquilo, como toda empresa tem suas normas e regras, porem e agrad\u00e1vel de se trabalhar e muito disciplinada ", " Trabalhei em linha de produ\u00e7\u00e3o, aprendendo a montagem de celulares, trabalhando em equipe, com \u00f3timos colegas de trabalho. ", " Trabajar en Samsun me permitio aprender mucho muy buen ambiente laborar aprender como llegar al cliente capacitaciones constanstes evaluaciones ", " \ub2e4\ub978 \uae30\uc5c5\uc5d0 \ube44\ud574 \ubc1b\uc744 \uc218 \uc788\ub294 \uc5f0\ubd09\uc774 \ub192\uace0 \ud55c\uad6d\ub0b4\uc5d0\uc11c \uc778\uc9c0\ub3c4\uac00 \ub192\ub2e4.  \uc77c\uc744 \uc2dc\uc791\ud558\uba74 \uacfc\uc81c\uc758 \uae30\uac04\uc774 \uc9e7\uc740 \ud3b8\uc774\ub77c \uae30\ub2e4\ub824 \uc8fc\uc9c0 \uc54a\ub294\ub2e4. ", " Great working conditions, very difficult and busy work schedule. Good additional rights ", " Buena compa\u00f1ia con buen ambiente de trabajo oportunidad de desarrollo, muy demandante, pero bien remunerado 17 a\u00f1os de trabajo satisfactorio, en general buena relacion con  compa\u00f1eros y jefes, especialmente los extranjeros el top mando mexicano muy preferencial, diaqrio un reto diferente muy dinamico y muy atractivolo mas agradable los logros obtenidos y la formacion de mepleados ", " excelente na vida profissional e pessoal. Em termos de hor\u00e1rios, funcion\u00e1rios e as amizades que se pode conseguir dentro da empresa. ", " Esperienza lavorativa positiva in un ambiente accogliente e stimolante che mi ha permesso di gestire e proporre appieno, le capacit\u00e0 qualitative del prodotto da pubblicizzare. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " un d\u00eda en mi trabajo eras una experiencia nueva ya que todos los d\u00edas aprend\u00eda alguno con cada cliente que atend\u00eda ya que cada uno tenia una necesidad diferente de compra y de post venta ", " Dia Tipico muita produ\u00e7\u00e3o  Aprendi muita tecnica e agilidade Gerencia boa Colegas legais A parte dificil terceirizar A parte mais legal o conhecimento adquirido ", " Extremamente corrido, problemas e decis\u00f5es pra resolver o tempo todo. Resumindo em apenas uma palavra tudo que apreendi nesta empresa :  Foi para mim mais que uma Faculdade, uma li\u00e7\u00e3o de vida. Quanto a dire\u00e7\u00e3o / ger\u00eancia, sem palavras, disposi\u00e7\u00e3o total para ensinar, motivar, ajudar.  Aos colegas de trabalho, apreendemos muito a trabalhar em equipe. A parte mais dif\u00edcil foi apreender a lidar com cada uma das dificuldades diferenciadas que apareciam todos os dias ( mas amei, foi muito prazeroso essa viv\u00eancia ). A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel foi apreender a conviver e a respeitar a cultura de cada um. ", " una marca de era muy buena en sus productos pero muy mala en cuestion de pagos ", " phuc loi tot, kham suc khoe dinh ki, to chuc nhieu cuoc thi hap dan, thuong thang 13, thuong danh gia 6 thang dau nam va cuoi nam, xe dua nhan vien ve que an tet, du lich hang nam. ", " Es una empresa con una estructura muy fuerte en cuanto a sistemas y organizaci\u00f3n. Pero esa misma fuerza en ocasiones dificulta poder involucrarse en las operaciones de la organizaci\u00f3n. Las funciones son muy acotadas y los niveles de aprobaci\u00f3n son muy extensos. ", " Empresa que valoriza e preza pela sa\u00fade e bem estar dos funcion\u00e1rios ", " Es genial trabajar en samsung. Solo que te absorbe todo tu tiempo ", " Excelente  compa\u00f1\u00eda agradecida con Dios por haberme brindado la oportunidad de hacer parte de este equipo de trabajo. en el tiempo que estuve fue de gran logro para mi aprend\u00ed,  y desarrolle mis labilidades de asesor comercial con eficiencia y eficacia. me fortalec\u00ed en mis debilidades,proponi\u00e9ndome retos que cumpl\u00ed, con disciplina y constancia.lo que mas me gusto de esta experiencia es interactuar con todo tipo de clientes descubrir sus necesidad y poder satisfacer con un buen servicio y atenci\u00f3n sus requerimiento. ", " me dio una oportunidad de empleo, me capacito para ser una buena vendedora y una asesora comercial con calidad para representarlos como marca en cualquier punto de venta donde me enviaran, me abrieron las puertas de su empresa d\u00e1ndome la oportunidad de brindar mi potencial y mi experiencia. ", " - M\u00f4i tr\u01b0\u1eddng l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c t\u1ed1t, v\u0103n h\u00f3a n\u01a1i l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c. - L\u01b0\u01a1ng v\u00e0 ch\u1ebf \u0111\u1ed9 \u0111\u00e3i ng\u1ed9 t\u1ed1t. ", " Marca &amp; productos atractivos Industria muy interesante y en constante crecimiento  Desarollo de carrera ", " A empresa possui um ambiente de trabalho confort\u00e1vel, com sal\u00e1rio dentro da m\u00e9dia do cargo oferecido, por\u00e9m com vale alimenta\u00e7\u00e3o baixo e politica inst\u00e1vel com seus funcion\u00e1rios. ", " Samsung \u015firketini ele\u015ftirmek bize d\u00fc\u015fmez... 1 Y\u0131l samsung akedemide e\u011fitim al\u0131nca staj\u0131m\u0131 2 ay olmak \u00fczere samsung akedemide yapm\u0131\u015f bulunmaktay\u0131m. E\u0123lenceli farkl\u0131 bir deneyimdi. ", " Trabalhei direto com o cliente, gosto de trabalhar assim. Empresa de grande porte e bom para se trabalhar. ", " C\u00f4ng ty c\u0169ng c\u00f3 nhi\u1ec1u \u0111i\u1ec3m m\u1ea1nh c\u00f3 ngu\u1ed3n l\u01b0\u01a1ng h\u1ea5p d\u1eabn v\u00e0 c\u00f3 nhi\u1ec1u s\u1ef1 l\u1ef1a ch\u1ecdn cho m\u00ecnh. T\u1ea1o m\u00f4i tr\u01b0\u1eddng cho nh\u00e2n vi\u00ean c\u00f3 c\u01a1 h\u1ed9i \u0111\u01b0\u1ee3c h\u1ecdc h\u1ecfi th\u00eam ti\u1ebfng h\u00e0n qu\u1ed1c ", " se realiza el mantenimiento correctivo de los electrodom\u00e9sticos  plasmando los conocimientos t\u00e9cnicos aprendidos durante la formaci\u00f3n acad\u00e9mica ", " \u0391\u03c0\u03bf \u03c4\u03b9\u03c2 \u03bc\u03b5\u03b3\u03b1\u03bb\u03c5\u03c4\u03b5\u03c1\u03b5\u03c2 \u03b5\u03c4\u03b1\u03b9\u03c1\u03b5\u03b9\u03b5\u03c2 \u03c3\u03c4\u03bf\u03bd \u03ba\u03bf\u03c3\u03bc\u03bf \u03bc\u03b5 \u03b4\u03b9\u03b1\u03c6\u03bf\u03c1\u03b5\u03c4\u03b9\u03ba\u03b7 \u03ba\u03bf\u03c5\u03bb\u03c4\u03bf\u03c5\u03c1\u03b1 \u03b7 \u03bf\u03c0\u03bf\u03b9\u03b1 \u03b1\u03c0\u03b1\u03b9\u03c4\u03b5\u03b9 \u03bc\u03b5\u03b3\u03b1\u03bb\u03b1 \u03b1\u03c0\u03bf\u03b8\u03b5\u03bc\u03b1\u03c4\u03b1 \u03b1\u03c5\u03c4\u03bf\u03c3\u03c5\u03b3\u03ba\u03b5\u03bd\u03c4\u03c1\u03c9\u03c3\u03b7\u03c2, \u03c5\u03c0\u03bf\u03bc\u03bf\u03bd\u03b7\u03c2, \u03b5\u03c0\u03b9\u03bc\u03bf\u03bd\u03b7\u03c2  \u03ba\u03b1\u03b9 \u03c5\u03c8\u03b7\u03bb\u03b7 \u03b1\u03bd\u03c4\u03b9\u03bb\u03b7\u03c8\u03b7 \u03b4\u03b9\u03b1\u03c7\u03b5\u03b9\u03c1\u03b9\u03c3\u03b7\u03c2 \u03ba\u03c1\u03b9\u03c3\u03b5\u03c9\u03bd  \u0394\u03b9\u03ba\u03b1\u03b9\u03b7 \u03bc\u03b5 \u03c0\u03bf\u03bb\u03bb\u03b5\u03c2 \u03c0\u03b1\u03c1\u03bf\u03c7\u03b5\u03c2 \u03ba\u03b1\u03b9 \u03bf\u03bb\u03b1 \u03b5\u03ba\u03b5\u03b9\u03bd\u03b1 \u03c4\u03b1 \u03bc\u03b5\u03c3\u03b1 \u03c0\u03bf\u03c5 \u03c7\u03c1\u03b5\u03b9\u03b1\u03b6\u03b5\u03c4\u03b1\u03b9 \u03b5\u03bd\u03b1\u03c2 \u03b5\u03c1\u03b3\u03b1\u03b6\u03bf\u03bc\u03b5\u03bd\u03bf\u03c2 \u03b3\u03b9\u03b1 \u03bd\u03b1 \u03b5\u03b9\u03bd\u03b1\u03b9 \u03b1\u03c0\u03bf\u03b4\u03bf\u03c4\u03b9\u03ba\u03bf\u03c2 \u03ba\u03b1\u03b9 \u03b1\u03c0\u03bf\u03c4\u03b5\u03bb\u03b5\u03c3\u03bc\u03b1\u03c4\u03b9\u03ba\u03bf\u03c2 ", " O dia tipico de trabalho na empresa \u00e9 din\u00e2mico, com metas pr\u00e9 estabelecidas, confer\u00eancia dos componentes para montagem e  fechamentos de ordens de produ\u00e7\u00e3o.   Aprendi o processo de embalagem,de alimenta\u00e7\u00e3o de linha de produ\u00e7\u00e3o e conferencia do material.  os gestores da empresa s\u00e3o pessoal altamente respons\u00e1veis e competentes.  os colaboradores s\u00e3o pessoas com bom n\u00edvel de rela\u00e7\u00e3o para o trabalho em si.   Parte mais dif\u00edcil fica com a parte das cobran\u00e7as das metas, que se explica com a alta qualidade dos produtos da empresa.  parte agrad\u00e1vel da empresa fica com a parte  do \u00f3timo ambiente de trabalho da empresa bem limpo com \u00f3tima ilumina\u00e7\u00e3o bastante espa\u00e7o e clima agrad\u00e1vel. ", " Genial, el ambiente de trabajo era divertido, ameno y buen compa\u00f1erismo, era duro pues en l\u00ednea de producci\u00f3n sin fallos recogiendo cualquier tornillo del suelo con un im\u00e1n, pues los jefes eran coreanos y eran muy pulcros, exigentes y disciplinados,  En ocasiones eramos cronometrada y tambi\u00e9n felicitadas por el buen  ritmo y buen trabajo realizado. Estuve 8 meses por ett y tres x empresa me ten\u00edan que hacer el siguiente contrato indefinido y la empresa se traslado a Hungr\u00eda por el bajo coste de mano de obra, con lo cual me quede sin contrato y sin trabajo Guardo gratos recuerdo de mis compa\u00f1eros/as "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " A samsung foi realmente uma m\u00e3e para minha experi\u00eancia como vendedor atuei com v\u00e1rios tipos de clientes e classes sociais e sempre bati minhas metas ", " R\u1ea5t t\u1ed1t cho ph\u00e1t tri\u1ec3n b\u1ea3n th\u00e2n, v\u0103n ho\u00e1 l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c th\u00e2n thi\u1ec7n. S\u1ef1 ph\u1ed1i h\u1ee3p gi\u1eefa m\u1ecdi ng\u01b0\u1eddi trong c\u00f4ng vi\u1ec7c thu\u1eadn l\u1ee3i. M\u1ed9t trong nh\u1eefng \u0111i\u1ec3m m\u00ecnh th\u1ea5y r\u1ea5t t\u1ed1t khi l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c \u1edf \u0111\u00e2y, gi\u1eefa qu\u1ea3n l\u00fd ng\u01b0\u1eddi H\u00e0n v\u1edbi ng\u01b0\u1eddi vi\u1ec7t kh\u00f4ng c\u00f3 kho\u1ea3ng c\u00e1ch. M\u1ecdi kho\u1ea3ng c\u00e1ch \u0111\u1ec1u r\u00fat ng\u1eafn khi trong c\u00f9ng m\u00f4i tr\u01b0\u1eddng l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c. ", " L'environnement technique est tr\u00e8s enrichissant. L'aspect international est \u00e9galement tr\u00e8s important. Culture tr\u00e8s entrepreneuriale : fa\u00e7on de travailler assez autonome, on est chef d'orchestre de ses projets. La force de l\u2019id\u00e9e : tout le monde peut proposer et a l'opportunit\u00e9 de convaincre pour ses id\u00e9es. ", " iyi is yeriydi displina duzen falan hersey guzeldi devalivasyonla ilgili isler dusmese calismaya davam ederdim belki ", " Dias agrad\u00e1veis de servi\u00e7o, boa ger\u00eancia na \u00e1rea log\u00edstica, foi bom trabalhar pela samsung. ", " soy asesora comercial en ventas de impresi\u00f3n manejo atenci\u00f3n al cliente, ", " Modern gy\u00e1r sok hib\u00e1val - m\u00e1r nem \u00fczemel.  Most akkumul\u00e1torokkal pr\u00f3b\u00e1lkoznak - sok szerencs\u00e9t. ", " n\u01a1i l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c hi\u1ec7u qu\u1ea3 va vui v\u1ebb v\u1edbi c\u00e1c tr\u00f2 ch\u01a1i gi\u1ea3i tr\u00ed.l\u01b0\u01a1ng cao.nhi\u1ec1u m\u1ee9c th\u01b0\u1edfng.nh\u01b0ng c\u00f3 h\u1ea1i nhi\u1ec1u cho s\u1ee9c kh\u1ecfe ", " Empresa boa de trabalhar. Ela fornece muitos treinamentos sobre os produtos. Ambiente bom de trabalhar. Fornece uniforme para os franquiados. Empresa bem rigorosa em seguir os procedimentos. ", " Gran empresa, gracias a sus productos. Bastante inuhumana n sus empleados ", " Aprendi muito na Samsung tive oportunidade de conhecer todo o mercado da Am\u00e9rica Latina. ", " Nem csal\u00e1dbar\u00e1t munkahely. Alapj\u00e1ban v\u00e9ve szertem a munk\u00e1mat, de a felt\u00e9telek nem adottak. Igazs\u00e1gtalan p\u00e9nzlevon\u00e1sok t\u00f6rt\u00e9ntek. ", " No work/life balance Every day is fear and not knowing what will happen.  Being squeezed as an orange No honesty by management ", " Palli Palli Koreanisches Sprichwort  Gepr\u00e4gt von Marken-Bewusstsein ", " Samsung c\u00f3 m\u00f4i tr\u01b0\u1eddng l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c b\u00ecnh \u0111\u1eb3ng, ph\u00e1t huy h\u1ebft kh\u1ea3 n\u0103ng c\u1ee7a m\u1ed7i c\u00e1 nh\u00e2n. \u0110\u1ed9i ng\u0169 nh\u00e2n vi\u00ean \u0111\u01b0\u1ee3c \u0111\u00e0o t\u1ea1o b\u00e0i b\u1ea3n, th\u01b0\u1eddng xuy\u00ean \u0111\u01b0\u1ee3c tham d\u1ef1 c\u00e1c l\u1edbp h\u1ecdc r\u00e8n luy\u1ec7n k\u1ef9 n\u0103ng l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c c\u0169ng nh\u01b0 t\u01b0 duy t\u00edch c\u1ef1c. ", " Trabajo para un servicio Oficial de Samsung, que no es Samsung directamente.  Las condiciones son bastante malas, se trabaja mucho, siempre a puerta fr\u00eda y pagan muy poco.  El horario es de 8 a 14 y 16 a 19 horas, con lo cual no da tiempo ni para descansar a mediod\u00eda.  Las comisiones son un 5% y todas en B Las dietas son las m\u00e1s bajas posibles, incluso a veces no cubren ni los gastos del mes, y tambi\u00e9n en B ", " Een functie met veel zelfstandigheid, toffe collega's en bazen met een luisterend oor. ", " Uma Empresa \u00d3tima, Gostei Muito De Trabalhar Nela. Se Eu Tivesse Outra Chance De Trabalhar L\u00e1, Eu Iria. ", " fazia testes e montagens de celulares,trabalho em equipe desde a supervis\u00e3o at\u00e9 os lideres s\u00e3o muito bons,sempre auxiliando em alguma duvida. ", " Muy buena empresa y hubo mucho compa\u00f1erismo disfrute mucho en su momento "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " v\u0103n ho\u00e1 samsung b\u1ea1n b\u00e8 ch\u1ebf \u0111\u1ed9 \u0111\u00e3i ng\u1ed9 qu\u1ea3n l\u00ed nhi\u1ec7t t\u00ecnh setup thi\u1ebft b\u1ecb  h\u1ecdc h\u1ecfi v\u00e0 n\u00e2ng cao n\u0103ng l\u1ef1c b\u1ea3n th\u00e2n ", " desempenho e oportunidades de crescer junto a empresa e ter aprendizado otimizado em \u00e1reas da empresa . ", " Trabalhei \u00e9 uma boa empresa, mas n\u00e3o me acostumei com o tratamento ou cultura coreana. ", " Otima empresa para trabalhar Salario bom refeitorio bom Beneficios otimos e etc... ", " Un buen clima laboral, compa\u00f1erismo. las capacitaciones que son semanales ", " - Made a speech in front of SEV for orientation of the foundation member. - Learnt macroscopic management -They brought original copy of Korean managment style to Vietnam, it's not suitable. - They are good and enthusiastic. - Lacking empowerment to subordinates, the overlapped jobs still happened. - Because the Korean working style, all jobs are good at the end ", " Empresa Din\u00e2mica e agrad\u00e1vel de trabalhar atendendo todas as nossas solicita\u00e7\u00f5es trabalhistas. ", " personelin insan yerine koyulmad\u0131\u011f\u0131 sadece para kazanmaya odakl\u0131 ticarethane ", " Desafios di\u00e1rios, uma vez que vendas e demonstra\u00e7\u00e3o de aparelhos eram o foco, outra coisa era o lidar di\u00e1rio com pessoas de todos os tipos profissionais e pessoas, aprender a lidar com elas no dia a dia e manter boa conviv\u00eancia me fez aprender a ser fluido com todos e me fez exercitar flu\u00eancia no falar e pensar, n\u00e3o havia muito contato com a gerencia da empresa, embora houvesse supervisor de \u00e1rea, mas pessoa preparada e capaz de lidar conosco promotores na \u00e9poca, coes\u00e3o e sentimento de grupo era o ambiente entre os colegas em uma equipe de cinco, a dificuldade acontecia quando em tempos de baixos per\u00edodos de vendas as revendas n\u00e3o adquiriam os produtos da empresa para que n\u00f3s promotores realizemos nosso trabalho de forma eficiente, uma atitude muito agrad\u00e1vel era a politica de valoriza\u00e7\u00e3o salarial com participa\u00e7\u00e3o em lucros da empresa e a capacita\u00e7\u00e3o constante em informa\u00e7\u00f5es de novos produtos. ", " Rester debout sous le soleil durant 6 h d'affil\u00e9 c'est juste d\u00e9courageant ", " Missions ou t\u00e2ches r\u00e9alis\u00e9es: Vendre des produits  telephoniques       et les accessoires et  TABLETTE ", " Apesar de bom sal\u00e1rio e benef\u00edcios empresa apresenta rupturas gerenciais, favorece competi\u00e7\u00e3o r\u00edspida entre seus colaboradores, tornando o clima desagrad\u00e1vel entre os mesmos. ", " Fabrica muy responsable, con un aplio campo laboral y reponsables en la calidad del producto elaborado. ", " Aprendi a trabalhar com agilidade e com qualidade ao mesmo tempo. Os gerentes tinha paci\u00eancia em ensina o processo. Um ajudava o outro se tivesse alguma dificuldade. ", " A empresa da um suporte muito bom para o funcion\u00e1rio se sentir est\u00e1vel no trabalho. ", " 1-Ambiance de travail partag\u00e9e, avancement de travaille en \u00e9quipe. 2- j'ai appris la gestion de temps 3-management de projet et classification des priorit\u00e9s 4- avec mes collaborateurs j'ai appris la planification du travail 5-Force individuelle de cr\u00e9ativit\u00e9 6-la participation \u00e0 la r\u00e9alisation d'une marque mondialement connue. ", " Los salarios no son competitivos para los que estamos adentro. Es un ambiente muy intenso, por el poco orden de los departamentos. ", " R\u1ea5t th\u00edch ph\u00f9 h\u1ee3p v\u1edbi m\u1ecdi l\u1ee9a tu\u1ed5i lao \u0111\u1ed9ng. \u0110\u00e1p \u1ee9ng \u0111\u01b0\u1ee3c nhu c\u1ea7u cu\u1ed9c s\u1ed1ng c\u1ee7a m\u1ecdi nh\u00e2n vi\u00ean. \u1ed4n \u0111\u1ecbnh \u0111\u01b0\u1ee3c c\u00f4ng vi\u1ec7c ", " Linha de produ\u00e7\u00e3o de notebook, respons\u00e1vel  por contagens de pe\u00e7as e seguir plano de produ\u00e7\u00e3o di\u00e1rio. ", " formation sur la machine QX500 technique de contr\u00f4le fonctionnel des machines  esprit d'equipe  inspection sur qualit\u00e9 de production "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Samsung is een innovatief bedrijf dat gericht is de consument voor te bereiden op de toekomst. ", " Excelente compa\u00f1\u00eda, mucho apollo, buenas estrategias, buen liderazgo, invierten para el conocimiento y aprendizaje de los empleados. ", " V\u1edbi m\u1ee9c l\u01b0\u01a1ng v\u00e0 \u0111\u00e3i ng\u1ed9 v\u1edbi nh\u00e2n vi\u00ean kh\u00e1 l\u00e0 t\u1ed1t. Th\u1eddi gian l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c c\u00f4ng tu c\u00f3 nhi\u1ec1u khuy\u1ebft kh\u00edch nh\u1eb1m t\u1ea1o \u0111i\u1ec1u ki\u1ec7n cho nh\u00e2n vi\u00ean \u0111\u01b0\u1ee3c ph\u00e1t huy t\u1ed1i \u0111a n\u0103ng l\u1ef1c c\u1ee7a m\u00ecnh ", " \u0e40\u0e1b\u0e47\u0e19\u0e2d\u0e07\u0e04\u0e4c\u0e01\u0e23\u0e17\u0e35\u0e48\u0e14\u0e35 \u0e21\u0e35\u0e01\u0e32\u0e23\u0e1e\u0e31\u0e12\u0e19\u0e32\u0e15\u0e25\u0e2d\u0e14\u0e40\u0e27\u0e25\u0e32 \u0e2a\u0e34\u0e19\u0e04\u0e49\u0e32\u0e21\u0e35\u0e04\u0e38\u0e13\u0e20\u0e32\u0e1e\u0e43\u0e0a\u0e49\u0e40\u0e17\u0e04\u0e42\u0e19\u0e42\u0e25\u0e22\u0e35\u0e48\u0e2a\u0e39\u0e07\u0e02\u0e32\u0e22\u0e07\u0e48\u0e32\u0e22 ", " Sajnos a k\u00fclf\u00f6ldi munkak\u00f6r\u00fclm\u00e9nyekkel b\u00e9rekkel \u00f6sszehasonl\u00edtva gyenge!! ", " m\u00f4t ng\u00e0y lam vi\u1ec7c th\u1ed5 m\u00e1i. tu\u00e2n th\u1ee7 v\u0103n h\u00f3a samsung vui v\u1ebd t\u00edch c\u1ef1c h\u00e0ng hay bi l\u1ed7i th\u1ed5 m\u00e1i t\u1ea5t c\u1ea3 c\u00e1c th\u1ee9 ", " - M\u00f4i tr\u01b0\u1eddng l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c t\u1ed1t - C\u1ea5p qu\u1ea3n l\u00fd l\u00e0 b\u1ed9 ph\u1eadn c\u00f3 n\u0103ng l\u1ef1c - Ch\u1ebf \u0111\u1ed9 l\u01b0\u01a1ng v\u00e0 \u0111\u00e3i ng\u1ed9 \u1edf m\u1ee9c ch\u1ea5p nh\u1eadn \u0111\u01b0\u1ee3c ", " nh\u00e2n vi\u00ean \u0111\u01b0\u1ee3c \u0111\u00e0o t\u1ea1o chuy\u00ean nghi\u1ec7p. thu nh\u1eadp \u1ed5n \u0111\u1ecbnh, ch\u1ebf \u0111\u1ed9 \u0111\u00e3i ng\u1ed9 t\u1ed1t ", " Aprendir a ouvir e atender a necessidade do pr\u00f3ximo. ser paciente ,agil  compreensivo,atencioso,gentil. Uma equipe muito divertida,ger\u00eancia eficaz. ", " Llegas al trabajo y de inmediato ya tenemos fuera de bodega clientes esperando para ser atendidos, esto nos ense\u00f1a lo importante qque es cumplir los tiempos de entrega y la puntualidad con el cliente, la parte mas dificil es cuando el pedido no se encuentra listo y debes manejar al cliente mientras agilizas su pedido en rampa para posterior entrega.  Cada colaborador muy entregado a su puesto para evitar errores ya que los mismos pueden ocasionar costos.   Lo que mas me gust\u00f3, la entrega y el trabajo en equipo de todo los colaboradores. ", " Excelente ambiente de trabajo con colaboradores siempre dispuestos a ayudar.  Servicio de comedor con subsidio y oportunidad de crecer en diferentes \u00e1reas de la empresa. ", " siempre con precion esto era diariamente ya que se deb\u00edan presentar informes a diario ", " L\u00e0 m\u1ed9t c\u00f4ng ty \u0111i\u1ec7n t\u1eed c\u00f3 s\u1ee9c m\u1ea1nh v\u1ec1 th\u01b0\u01a1ng hi\u1ec7u v\u1edbi nh\u1eefng s\u1ea3n ph\u1ea9m gi\u00e0u tr\u00ed tu\u1ec7 ", " Boa empresa.  Boa remunera\u00e7\u00e3o  Crescimento profissional, por\u00e9m, sal\u00e1rio na m\u00e9dia. ", " \u00d3tima empresa, aprendi tudo referente administrativo, e fechamento de folhas de pagamento . ", " Ambiente multicultural, necesidad de adaptaci\u00f3n r\u00e1pida a diferentes entornos y ritmos de trabajo ", " Dia tipico:         Trabajo en equipo. Aprender:          A liderar grandes equipos. Compa\u00f1eros:    Apoyo entre todos   Parte dif\u00edcil:      Ventas en todo el pa\u00eds, logradas con exito.    De gusto:          Formar equipos de venta en el pa\u00eds. ", " es una empresa buena la  bolsa de empleo tambien trabaje con samsung su bolsa de empleo es vision y marketing es una buena empresa ", " Samsung uma empresa que da prioridade a qualidade de seus produtos, sabe impor as regras aos funcion\u00e1rio, ,trabalho rotineiro por ser produ\u00e7\u00e3o que exige habilidades e agilidades e conhecimento de produtos eletr\u00f4nicos.  Conhecimento raciocinar r\u00e1pido Dire\u00e7\u00e3o \u00d3timo   Porem algumas vezes deixam a desejar por que os seres humanos n\u00e3o s\u00e3o 100% perfeitos se tratando dos gerentes trabalho em equipe sempre houve um bom desenvolvimento  Atingir metas por que como era trabalho em em empique tinha que ter um bom desempenho de todos   O aprendizado e o conhecimento dia a dia ", " Um dia normal como toda empresa de grande porte com os problemas e suas solu\u00e7\u00f5es. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Trabalhei por 7 anos na empresa, fiz de tudo desde do primeiro cargo de operador at\u00e9 chegar a analista e depois l\u00edder.\u00c9 um lugar muito bom de trabalhar o dia a dia \u00e9 muito agrad\u00e1vel dentro da empresa, os gestores d\u00e3o muita credibilidade para aqueles que est\u00e3o mesmos dispostos a fazer a diferen\u00e7a, \u00e9 um lugar muito bom para aqueles que procuram crescimento profissional. ", " Empresa que procura de forma objetiva proporcionar melhores condi\u00e7\u00f5es de trabalho para seus colaboradores. ", " La parte mas dif\u00edcil del trabajo era al no tener la demanda del cliente en tiempo y forma ya que esto nos atrasaba un poco respecto a la producci\u00f3n ", " The professionals here are one of the smartest people in their field. You will learn a lot of transferable skills. And also looks great on your resume. Positif ", " Normalmente la reuni\u00f3n en la ma\u00f1ana, donde motivaba a vender mas, recepcionaba reclamos y daban a conocer ideas para aumentar ventas. ", " groupe mutlinational, bonne organisation, salaire compris. CTr\u00e8s difficile pour signerun cdi ", " Dar solucion a clientes para pornto cambio o devolucion de producto. ", " Empresa seria  Preocupada del trababjador  Uniformo ok con la temporada ", " Empresa din\u00e1mica que se basa en los resultados y metas, siempre esta la vanguardia en los procesos y control de indicadores. Existe un buen ambiente laboral pero las largas jornadas deja poco para la vida de ocio.  Si mejoraran para que las personas tuviera mejor vida de personal seria un muy buena empresa para trabajar. ", " empiesa el dia revisando los pendientes del turno anterior y en vace a la produccion del dia se hace el plan de trabajo y se informa en la junta antes de iniciar labores.  Lo que aprendes es trabajo en equipo y a mantener un buen ambiente de trabajo y que el producto final es muestra de tu esfuerso y trabajo bien hecho.  La direccion o gerencia era buena siempre en apoyo del personal que labora  Los compa\u00f1eros siempre en apoyo unos con otros.  La parte mas dificil era estar trabajando mas de doce horas aveces pero alfinal tenias recompensa. economica y laboral mente.  Lo que mas megusto era la empresa en general , buen ambiente , las prestaciones , el sueldo , los torneos depotivos y viajes de verano etc. ", " Aprendi muito a liderar as pessoas, orientar e ajudar meu colegas de trabalho. ", " Puedes tener un dia muy cargado de trabajo entregando informacion  ademas de la atencion a los clientes, o puede ser un dia relajado con poco publico y la supervision de gerente de la marca. Las capacitaciones son frecuntes y la evaluacion de los entrenadores es muy importante y constante. La gerencia maneja muy bien los numeros pero muchas veces falla la logistica. El grupo humano es fraterno y unido realizando con frecuencia actividades fuera de horario en las que siempre se termina habland de tecnologia. Lidiar con el envio de informacion en el horario de trabajo en algunas fechas puntuales. Nada que no se pueda lograr. Ser parte de la marca lider en el mercado, hace mas facil la tarea diaria y es un orgullo vestir la marca. ", " CHez SAMSUNG il y a 6 administration des ventes, moi je faisais parti du p\u00f4le display( \u00e9cran t\u00e9l\u00e9viseur,etc...) constitu\u00e9 d'une \u00e9quipe de 8 personnes moi y compris; Le responsable ADV dont j'\u00e9tais directement rattach\u00e9 les chefs de p\u00f4le et deux gestionnaires par p\u00f4le ce qui fait 4 autres gestionnaires. Dans un service ADV administration des ventes chez SAMSUNG c'est la pluie et le beau temps, en p\u00e9riode creuse il n'y a vraiment pas de travail, \u00e0 l'inverse il y en a trop. Au quotidien je devais g\u00e9rer les saisie des commandes et contrats avec cotations sur diff\u00e9rents supports, il y avait \u00e9norm\u00e9ment de cost sp\u00e9ciaux et de codes produits qui variaient selon le tableau des cotations trimestriels.La saisie se faisait sur logiciel interne (EP) et SAP o\u00f9 nous \u00e9tions en \u00e9troite collaboration avec le p\u00f4le prix, les approbateurs et les agents commerciaux. ", " Samsung es una de las grandes empresas a nivel mundial, donde adquir\u00ed mi mayor desarrollo profesional dentro del \u00e1rea de ventas, trade marketing y supervisi\u00f3n. ", " Mala comunicaci\u00f3n y un estilo totalmente jer\u00e1rquico. Lo que me gust\u00f3 mucho lo global de la empresa y la posibilidad de aprender mejores pr\u00e1cticas ", " entreprise taille moyenne \u00e9quipe tr\u00e8s agr\u00e9able et sympathique ", " se trabaja tranquilo sobre todo por los mismos trabajadores ", " buena instalaciones buenos horarios buen trato a los empleados ", " Empresa muito boa para se trabalhar, meu dia de trabalho era tranquilo, com muito servi\u00e7o, colegas agrad\u00e1veis para se trabalhar, gest\u00e3o deixa um pouco a desejar, parte mais dif\u00edcil era a desigualdade aos olhos do coordenador, beneficiavas s\u00f3 pessoas pr\u00f3ximas a ele. ", " in samsung ho trovato un gruppo unito e solido voglioso di crescere giorno per giorno ognuno ricopriva il suo ruolo nel modo migliore ho imparato anche qui a gestire il controllo delle capacit\u00e0 qualitative del prodotto "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Mucho trabajo diario, cambio de directrices y estrategia continuo, facilidad para hacer y deshacer cosas. Dependiendo de las categor\u00edas de producto hay mejor o peor clima laboral. Lo m\u00e1s dif\u00edcil es aprender a tener 2 jefes, uno espa\u00f1ol y otro coreano que no siempre est\u00e1n de acuerdo en lo que hay que hacer. Lo que m\u00e1s me ha gustado es que en Samsung tienes posibilidades reales de crear ideas. ", " Aanbevolen echt een topbedrijf je leert heel veel dat je in het dagelijkse leven ook kunt toepassen. ", " un d\u00eda normal de mi trabajo era atenci\u00f3n al cliente, reclamos y quejas, servicio educativo, est\u00e1bamos en contantes capacitaciones sobre como tratar al cliente en cuanto a mis ex compa\u00f1eros de trabajo eran unas personas muy colaboradoras serviciales, mis jefes anteriores no tengo queja alguna nos incentivaban con bonificaciones  para un mejore desempe\u00f1o de nuestro trabajo ", " Empresa l\u00edder de tecnolog\u00eda a nivel nacional y mundial, lo que permit\u00eda conocer subsidiaras de otros pa\u00edses ya sea a nivel de Capacitaci\u00f3n o encuentros internacionales. Grato ambiente laboral, con posibilidades de desarrollo de carrera, estudios y especializaci\u00f3n. Beneficios y Remuneraci\u00f3n variable acorde a mercado. ", " Alta exigencia pero gran satisfacci\u00f3n y aprendizaje. El empoderamiento es alto por ello permite un aprendizaje r\u00e1pido de alto nivel. ", " Trabalhar na Samsung foi uma experiencia incr\u00edvel .... aprendi muitas coisas que gostaria passar para outros colegas, sou grato porque ela acreditou na minha capacidade e quando sair de la sai de  cabe\u00e7a erguida por ter tido a oportunidade de fazer parte daquela equipe, sai mas deixei pessoas la no meu lugar que tem excelentes capacidades tamb\u00e9m de fazer aquela empresa crescer e ser reconhecida pelo mundo a fora e de oferecer um excelente produto ao nossos consumidores. ", " Os colegas de trabalho eram pessoas muito amig\u00e1veis e sempre ajudavam a exercer as tarefas rotineiras. Pude aprender o trabalho em equipe e a sempre reportar qualquer problema para o seu superior. Infelizmente, por se tratar de uma cooperativa, n\u00e3o assinaram a minha carteira. ", " Una muy buena empresa para aprender de procesos y eficiencia. Un lugar donde hay cambios constantes propios de una multinacional. Dado esto las directrices de la jefatura cambian de acuerdo a lo requerido por casa matriz. Buen ambiente laboral entre los pares y otros. Lo que mas me gust\u00f3 fue los proceso y eficiencia en que se trabaja, con un nivel de detalle muy exhaustivo lo cual genera una mayor exactitud. ", " Dia corrido, total conhecimento na area de logistica, dire\u00e7\u00e3o otima, trabalho em grupo excelente, parte mais dificil do trabalho falta de oportunidade, melhor parte  era entrada onde nos viamos e tinhamos um excelente dia. ", " Adquiri muita experiencia por ser meu primeiro emprego. colegas de trabalho ,maravilhosos. Empresa maravilhosa e de muitos benef\u00edcios! ", " Es una empresa hermosa  por cuestiones del contrato se termino la relacion laboral ", " Todo muy bien logre cumplir con mis metas de subir de puesto por las oportunidades que dan ", " Largas jornadas de trabajo de 8am-11pm L-S, y eventualmente domingos, sin mencionar que se llegan a rolar turnos. ", " Excellent travail, bonnes opportunit\u00e9s, \u00e9quipe sympathique, bon relationnel Management professionnel ", " tivi oportunidades mas infelizmente a area que eu trabalhava precisou fechar por causa da crise mundial. ", " ng\u00e0y h\u1ed9i c\u00f4ng ty 25/3 t\u1eadp trung l\u00e0m vi\u1ec7c cao \u0111\u1ed9 c\u1ea5p qu\u1ea3n l\u00fd t\u1ed1t \u0111\u1ed3ng ngi\u1ec7p nhi\u1ec7t t\u00ecnh giup \u0111\u1ee1 \u0111i\u1ec1u kh\u00f3 nh\u1ea5t l\u00e0 ph\u1ea3i lam \u0111\u00eam ", " management d'\u00e9quipe  relation avec les diff\u00e9rents intervenant de la r\u00e9gion ", " Es una empresa buena para Laborar en ella  Motiva mucho a sus empleados ", " Es una de las empresas con mayores beneficios para sus empleados, lo que he aprendido es que debo seguir capacitandome para lograr mis objetivos. ", " ps llegavamos al trabajo y desde los celadores eran amigables hablabamos un poco tomabamos tinto y ndespues entrabamos a terminar de despachar y de hacer el alistamiento  ya despues de terminar nos dispoiniamos hacer el aseo de la bodega  y cuando bajavan los pedidos nos disponiamos a tratar de sacarlos todos "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " There was never a typical day at work as we were entering new industries with bespoke products made in house by Samsung with the Telematics arena. I learned to set up and manage a program and build strong lasting relationships with various organizations. Always got along with colleagues from  different backgrounds and have always been a good team player and a good leader when more responsability needed to be taken. ", " O dia a dia na empresa era quase sempre o mesmo focar em pontos extras e relat\u00f3rios. Tive um grande aprendizado de produtos onde me destaquei. Os colegas de trabalho sempre agraveis. ", " \u043f\u043e\u043b\u0435\u0437\u043d\u0430, \u043a\u0430\u043a 1-\u044f \u043a\u043e\u043c\u043f\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044f \u0434\u043b\u044f \u0432\u044b\u043f\u0443\u0441\u043a\u043d\u0438\u043a\u0430 \u0412\u0423\u0417\u0430. \u0445\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0448\u0435\u0435 \u0440\u0430\u0441\u043f\u043e\u043b\u043e\u0436\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0435 \u043e\u0444\u0438\u0441\u0430 ", " empresa boa de para trabalhar , la aprendi muito sobre trabalho em equipe , uma coisa que achei muito legal e importante era a uni\u00e3o de todos no trabalho como se fosse uma fam\u00edlia todos se ajudavam e todos eramos tratados respeitosamente fazendo assim a loja e a empresa ter um clima de trabalho bom . ", " uma boa presta\u00e7\u00e3o de servi\u00e7o a popula\u00e7\u00e3o e reconhecimento para com seus funcionarios ", " \u00c9 uma \u00f3tima empresa para trabalhar, excelentes profissionais capacitados ", " I am doing job as online android developer , i started learning android when i was studying in university. Learning anything never stops it keeps on going. i love learning new things ", " Empresa boa para trabalhar. Sem surpresas no hora do pagamento. Tem-se promo\u00e7\u00f5es. ", " Empresa relativamente boa para se trabalhar. Os funcionarios s\u00e3o desafiados diariamente. ", " Prov\u00ea recursos para suportar o dia a dia de trabalho. Desafios todos os dias. \u00c9 necess\u00e1rio entender a cultura empresarial coreana para ser bem sucedido ", " pra mim e uma boa empresa e agradavel  de trabalhar.eu aprendi muito nesta empresa tive algumas oportunidades.e os colegas de trabalho levava a serio o seu dever.quanto a gerencia n\u00e3o era muito boa faltava mais organiza\u00e7\u00e3o por parte da gerencia.a parte mais dificil e a parte de dar promo\u00e7\u00e3o para o funcionario.a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel  foi a oportunidade de fazer  cursos. ", " Trabaje durante 22 a\u00f1os con un ambiente de trabajo agradable, hay muchos planes de capacitacion , hay todo tipo de servicio desde clinica del IMSS hasta Banco en el interior.Era muy agradable trabajar ahi. ", " dia normal con metas propuestas, en electronica todos los dias aprendes algo nuevo es la idea para mantener el conocimiento actualizado ,siempre preocupados ,buen ambiente de trabajo. trabajo en equipo , no estar trabajando con ellos. todo. ", " empresa seria com uma boa administra\u00e7\u00e3o,otimos lideres de produ\u00e7\u00e3o. ", " Apoyo constante en la promocion y generacion de negocios, tambien en el desarrollo y creacion de cuadros para mantener informado a la marca de los stock en los mayoristas y tambien en los clientes ", " Muy bien lugar de trabajo, compa\u00f1erismo y apoyo total,  capacitaciones constantes acerca de los productos Samsung. ", " el trabajo en esa empresa iniciaba a las 9:00 de la ma\u00f1ana iniciabas entrando a un punto de venta de tu primer ruta ya dentro de la primera tienda checabas como ibas en ventas segun la semana haacia invemtario sugerido de ser necesario apoyaba a los chicos de piso de venta segun el requerimiento y la demanda que tenian apoyaba limpiando capacitando  tenia 1:30 minutos para dejar todo listo y pasarme a la otra tienda nunca me aburria siempre era un tema nuevo y un problema diferenta  me encantaba ", " Uma das melhores empresas que j\u00e1 trabalhei, todos muito profissionais. Uma \u00f3tima empresa para trabalhar, assim como a Flextronics. ", " Llegar al punto de venta prender los televisores hacer limpieza arreglar las exibion hacer surtidos y atender a los clientes ", " era um dia corrido trabalhado a parte mas dificil era conseguir zerar os defeitos colegas de trabalhos execelente "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Empresa que paga os diretos trabalhista corretamente. Alto N\u00edvel Intelectual Oportunidade de crescimentos profissional.  Ponto Negativo: Empresa cultura oriental, pouco tempo para vida pessoal ", " bons hor\u00e1rios e ambiente relaxado fazem deste posto de trabalho \u00fanico.  aprendi mais neste est\u00e1gio que no curso inteiro ", " Empresa din\u00e2mica, e um bom trabalho, hor\u00e1rio perfeito para a tal empresa ", " Una empresa muy grande y con muy buenos productos y beneficios, pero con muy poco empowerment y con un ambiente laboral muy estresante. ", " Empresa \u00f3tima para se trabalhar, \u00f3timos profissionais . todos 100% qualificados e determinados a crescer e a evoluir na mesma. e assim tornando a empresa em um sucesso magnifico. ", " comprometimento com o trabalho era o nosso lema. gostava muito. ela n\u00e3o tem muito o que esclarecer, \u00e9  uma empresa excelente. ", " Una empresa con muchos beneficios muy agradable el hambiente de trabajo. Compa\u00f1erismos,ayuda entre uno mismo.  Responsabilidades por igual. Rotacion de planta es agradabale conoces mas sobre el proceso.  La prioridad es al cliente y al perosnal. ", " Ambiente limpo e agrad\u00e1vel, equipe focada em atingir o objetivo. Rh aberto e disposto aos colaboradores. Dire\u00e7\u00e3o preocupada com os funcion\u00e1rios e no geral. Em dias de baixa produ\u00e7\u00e3o , tempo ocioso. Empresa hol\u00edstica. ", " O trabalho como vendedora de linha branca \u00e9 super trabalhoso,por\u00e9m muito gostoso de trabalhar. Aprendi a ter um atendimento com excel\u00eancia,fidelizando o cliente. A gest\u00e3o sempre disposta a ajudar e orientar. O trabalho em equipe,era a melhor parte. O mais dificil era quando n\u00e3o tinha o produto disponivel para venda. A realiza\u00e7\u00e3o de um boa venda,era a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel. ", " Empresa boa com bons benef\u00edcios, \u00f3timo ambiente de trabalho, facilidade de trabalhar em equipe e com oportunidades de crescimento. ", " Samsung ist weltweit aufgestellt und in Landesunternehmen aufgeteilt.  Es ist ein motivierendes und als Arbeitgeber ein hervorragendes Unternehmen mit viel Power und Innovation. ", " \u0420\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0447\u0430\u044f \u043d\u0435\u0434\u0435\u043b\u044f \u0441\u043e \u0441\u0440\u0435\u0434\u044b \u043f\u043e \u0432\u043e\u0441\u043a\u0440\u0435\u0441\u0435\u043d\u044c\u0435. \u0441 13 \u0434\u043e 21 (\u0412\u0440\u0435\u043c\u044f \u043d\u0430\u0438\u0431\u043e\u043b\u044c\u0448\u0435\u0439 \u0430\u043a\u0442\u0438\u0432\u043d\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0438 \u043a\u043b\u0438\u0435\u043d\u0442\u043e\u0432). \u041e\u0431\u044b\u0447\u043d\u044b\u0439 \u0434\u0435\u043d\u044c \u043d\u0430\u0447\u0438\u043d\u0430\u043b\u0441\u044f \u0441 \u0442\u043e\u0433\u043e \u0447\u0442\u043e \u044f \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0442\u0438\u0440\u0430\u043b \u043f\u044b\u043b\u044c \u0441 \u043f\u043e\u043b\u043e\u043a, \u0432\u043a\u043b\u044e\u0447\u0430\u043b \u0432\u0441\u044e \u0430\u0443\u0434\u0438\u043e-\u0432\u0438\u0434\u0435\u043e \u0442\u0435\u0445\u043d\u0438\u043a\u0443 Samsung \u0432 \u0442\u043e\u0440\u0433\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0439 \u0442\u043e\u0447\u043a\u0435. \u041f\u0440\u043e\u0432\u0435\u0440\u044f\u043b \u043a\u043e\u0440\u0440\u0435\u043a\u0442\u043d\u043e\u0441\u0442\u044c \u0446\u0435\u043d\u043d\u0438\u043a\u043e\u0432. \u0412\u044b\u0441\u0442\u0430\u0432\u043b\u044f\u043b \u043c\u043e\u0434\u0435\u043b\u0438 \u0432 \u0441\u043e\u043e\u0442\u0432\u0435\u0442\u0441\u0442\u0432\u0438\u0438 \u0441 \u043c\u0435\u0440\u0447\u0435\u043d\u0434\u0430\u0439\u0437\u0438\u043d\u0433\u043e\u043c. \u041d\u0430\u0438\u0431\u043e\u043b\u0435\u0435 \u0438\u043d\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0441\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u043c\u043d\u0435 \u043c\u043e\u0434\u0435\u043b\u0438 \u0432\u044b\u0441\u0442\u0430\u0432\u043b\u044f\u043b \u043d\u0430 \u0441\u0430\u043c\u044b\u0435 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0445\u043e\u0434\u0438\u043c\u044b\u0435 \u043c\u0435\u0441\u0442\u0430, \u0434\u043b\u044f \u0431\u043e\u043b\u044c\u0448\u0435\u0433\u043e \u043f\u0440\u0438\u0432\u043b\u0435\u0447\u0435\u043d\u0438\u044f \u0432\u043d\u0438\u043c\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044f \u043a\u043b\u0438\u0435\u043d\u0442\u043e\u0432.   \u0412 \u0441\u0432\u043e\u0435\u0439 \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0435 \u044f \u043d\u0430\u0443\u0447\u0438\u043b\u0441\u044f \u043d\u0435 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e \u043f\u0440\u0438\u043c\u0435\u043d\u044f\u0442\u044c \u0442\u0435\u0445\u043d\u0438\u043a\u0443 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0434\u0430\u0436, \u0430 \u044d\u0444\u0444\u0435\u043a\u0442\u0438\u0432\u043d\u043e \u0438 \u0443\u043c\u0435\u043b\u043e \u0435\u0439 \u043f\u043e\u043b\u044c\u0437\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0442\u044c\u0441\u044f. \u041a\u043e\u043c\u043f\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044f \u0443\u0434\u0435\u043b\u044f\u043b\u0430 \u044d\u0442\u043e\u043c\u0443 \u0431\u043e\u043b\u044c\u0448\u043e\u0435 \u0432\u043d\u0438\u043c\u0430\u043d\u0438\u0435. \u0422\u0430\u043a\u0436\u0435 \u043d\u0430\u0443\u0447\u0438\u043b\u0441\u044f \u043e\u0441\u043d\u043e\u0432\u0430\u043c \u043c\u0435\u0440\u0447\u0435\u043d\u0434\u0430\u0439\u0437\u0438\u043d\u0433\u0430 \u0447\u0442\u043e \u043d\u0435\u0441\u043e\u043c\u043d\u0435\u043d\u043d\u043e \u0443\u0432\u0435\u043b\u0438\u0447\u0438\u0432\u0430\u043b\u043e \u043c\u043e\u044e \u0434\u043e\u043b\u044e \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0434\u0430\u0436.   \u041d\u0435\u043f\u043e\u0441\u0440\u0435\u0434\u0441\u0442\u0432\u0435\u043d\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u0440\u0443\u043a\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0434\u0438\u0442\u0435\u043b\u0438 \u043a\u043e\u0442\u043e\u0440\u044b\u0445 \u0437\u0430 \u043c\u043e\u0438 6 \u043b\u0435\u0442 \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u044b \u0431\u044b\u043b\u043e \u0442\u0440\u043e\u0435, \u0432\u043f\u043e\u043b\u043d\u0435 \u043c\u0435\u043d\u044f \u0443\u0441\u0442\u0440\u0430\u0438\u0432\u0430\u043b\u0438. \u041f\u0435\u0440\u0432\u044b\u0435 \u0434\u0432\u0430 \u0431\u044b\u043b\u0438 \u043d\u0435 \u0442\u0440\u0435\u0431\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0442\u0435\u043b\u044c\u043d\u044b - \u044d\u0442\u043e \u043f\u043b\u044e\u0441, \u043c\u0438\u043d\u0443\u0441 \u0441\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e\u044f\u043b \u0432 \u0442\u043e\u043c \u0447\u0442\u043e \u043e\u0442 \u043d\u0438\u0445 \u043d\u0435\u043b\u044c\u0437\u044f \u0431\u044b\u043b\u043e \u043f\u043e\u043b\u0443\u0447\u0438\u0442\u044c \u043e\u0442\u0432\u0435\u0442\u044b \u043d\u0430 \u0434\u043e\u0432\u043e\u043b\u044c\u043d\u043e \u0449\u0435\u043a\u043e\u0442\u043b\u0438\u0432\u044b\u0435 \u0432\u043e\u043f\u0440\u043e\u0441\u044b, \u043d\u0430\u043f\u0440\u0438\u043c\u0435\u0440 \u043f\u043e \u043f\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0434\u0443 \u0432\u044b\u043f\u043b\u0430\u0442 \u0437/\u043f \u043a\u043e\u0442\u043e\u0440\u044b\u0435 \u0438\u043d\u043e\u0433\u0434\u0430 \u043d\u0435 \u0443\u0441\u0442\u0440\u0430\u0438\u0432\u0430\u043b\u0438, \u043f\u0440\u0438 \u0447\u0451\u043c \u043c\u043d\u043e\u0433\u0438\u0445 \u0441\u043e\u0442\u0440\u0443\u0434\u043d\u0438\u043a\u043e\u0432 \u0432 \u043a\u043e\u043c\u043f\u0430\u043d\u0438\u0438. \u041f\u043e\u0441\u043b\u0435\u0434\u043d\u0438\u0439 \u043c\u043e\u0439 \u0440\u0443\u043a\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0434\u0438\u0442\u0435\u043b\u044c \u0431\u044b\u043b \u0441\u0442\u0440\u043e\u0433 \u0438 \u0442\u0440\u0435\u0431\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0442\u0435\u043b\u0435\u043d, \u043d\u043e \u0438 \u0441\u0442\u043e\u044f\u043b \u0437\u0430 \u0441\u0432\u043e\u0438\u0445 \u043f\u043e\u0434\u0447\u0438\u043d\u0451\u043d\u043d\u044b\u0445 \u0434\u043e \u043f\u043e\u0441\u043b\u0435\u0434\u043d\u0435\u0433\u043e. \u0417\u0432\u043e\u043d\u0438\u043b \u0432 \u041c\u043e\u0441\u043a\u0432\u0443, \u043f\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0439 \u0432\u0441\u0442\u0443\u043f\u0430\u043b \u0432 \u043a\u043e\u043d\u0444\u043b\u0438\u043a\u0442 \u043f\u043e \u0441\u043f\u043e\u0440\u043d\u044b\u043c \u0441\u0438\u0442\u0443\u0430\u0446\u0438\u044f\u043c. \u0414\u043e\u0431\u0438\u0432\u0430\u043b\u0441\u044f \u0442\u043e\u0433\u043e, \u0447\u0442\u043e \u0441\u043e\u0442\u0440\u0443\u0434\u043d\u0438\u043a\u0430\u043c, \u043a\u043e\u043c\u043f\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044f, \u0432 \u0438\u0442\u043e\u0433\u0435 \u0443\u0441\u0442\u0443\u043f\u0430\u043b\u0430, \u0438 \u043a \u043f\u0440\u0438\u043c\u0435\u0440\u0443, \u043c\u043e\u0433\u043b\u0430 \u0441\u043d\u0438\u0437\u0438\u0442\u044c \u043f\u043b\u0430\u043d \u043f\u043e \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0434\u0430\u0436\u0430\u043c. \u041e\u043d \u0431\u044b\u043b \u0441\u0442\u0440\u043e\u0433, \u043d\u043e \u0441\u043f\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0435\u0434\u043b\u0438\u0432, \u043a\u0430\u043a \u0433\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0440\u0438\u0442\u0441\u044f.   \u0427\u0442\u043e \u043a\u0430\u0441\u0430\u0435\u0442\u0441\u044f \u0440\u0443\u043a\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0434\u0441\u0442\u0432\u0430 \u0432 \u043e\u0444\u0438\u0441\u0430\u0445 \u041a\u0440\u0430\u0441\u043d\u043e\u0434\u0430\u0440\u0430 \u0438 \u0442\u0435\u043c \u0431\u043e\u043b\u0435\u0435 \u041c\u043e\u0441\u043a\u0432\u044b, \u0442\u043e \u044d\u0442\u043e \u0432\u0441\u0435\u0433\u0434\u0430 \u043d\u0430\u0434\u043c\u0435\u043d\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u043b\u044e\u0434\u0438 \u043a\u043e\u0442\u043e\u0440\u044b\u0435 \u0438\u043d\u043e\u0433\u0434\u0430, \u043d\u0430 \u043c\u043e\u0439 \u0432\u0437\u0433\u043b\u044f\u0434, \u0441\u043e\u0432\u0441\u0435\u043c \u043d\u0435 \u043f\u043e\u043d\u0438\u043c\u0430\u043b\u0438 \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0443 \"\u0432 \u043f\u043e\u043b\u044f\u0445\", \u0442\u0435\u043c \u0441\u0430\u043c\u044b\u043c \u0432\u044b\u0441\u0442\u0430\u0432\u043b\u044f\u043b\u0438 \u0431\u0435\u0437\u0443\u043c\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u043f\u043b\u0430\u043d\u044b \u043a\u043e\u0442\u043e\u0440\u044b\u0435 \u043d\u0435 \u0432\u044b\u043f\u043e\u043b\u043d\u044f\u043b \u043d\u0438\u043a\u0442\u043e \u0432 \u0440\u0435\u0433\u0438\u043e\u043d\u0435. \u041f\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0438\u0442\u044c \u043e \u0447\u0451\u043c-\u0442\u043e, \u043f\u0440\u0438\u0432\u043e\u0434\u0438\u0442\u044c \u0434\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0434\u044b \u0432 \u0441\u0432\u043e\u044e \u043f\u043e\u043b\u044c\u0437\u0443 \u0438 \u0434\u043e\u043a\u0430\u0437\u044b\u0432\u0430\u0442\u044c \u0438\u043c \u0447\u0442\u043e-\u043b\u0438\u0431\u043e, \u0431\u044b\u043b\u043e \u0430\u0431\u0441\u043e\u043b\u044e\u0442\u043d\u043e ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> \u0431\u0435\u0441\u043f\u043e\u043b\u0435\u0437\u043d\u043e.   \u041c\u043e\u0438 \u043d\u0435\u043f\u043e\u0441\u0440\u0435\u0434\u0441\u0442\u0432\u0435\u043d\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u043a\u043e\u043b\u043b\u0435\u0433\u0438 \u0431\u044b\u043b\u0438 \u0440\u0430\u0437\u0431\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0430\u043d\u044b \u043f\u043e \u0440\u0430\u0437\u043d\u044b\u043c \u0442\u043e\u0447\u043a\u0430\u043c \u0433\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0434\u0430, \u0432\u0438\u0434\u0435\u043b\u0438\u0441\u044c \u043c\u044b \u0440\u0430\u0437 \u0432 \u043c\u0435\u0441\u044f\u0446 \u043d\u0430 \u0441\u043e\u0431\u0440\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044f\u0445, \u043f\u043e\u044d\u0442\u043e\u043c\u0443 \u043d\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0433\u043e \u043f\u043b\u043e\u0445\u043e\u0433\u043e \u043d\u0435 \u043c\u043e\u0433\u0443 \u043e \u043d\u0438\u0445 \u0441\u043a\u0430\u0437\u0430\u0442\u044c. \u0412\u0441\u0435 \u043d\u043e\u0440\u043c\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u044b\u0435, \u043e\u0431\u044b\u0447\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u043b\u044e\u0434\u0438 \u043a\u0430\u043a \u0438 \u044f.   \u0421\u0430\u043c\u0430\u044f \u0442\u0440\u0443\u0434\u043d\u0430\u044f \u0447\u0430\u0441\u0442\u044c \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u044b \u043e\u043f\u0438\u0441\u0430\u043d\u0430 \u043c\u043d\u043e\u0439 \u0432 \u0447\u0435\u0442\u0432\u0451\u0440\u0442\u043e\u043c \u0430\u0431\u0437\u0430\u0446\u0435, \u0432 \u043a\u043e\u0442\u043e\u0440\u043e\u043c \u0433\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0440\u0438\u0442\u0441\u044f \u043e \u0431\u0435\u0437\u0440\u0430\u0437\u043b\u0438\u0447\u0438\u0435 \u0438 \u043d\u0430\u0434\u043c\u0435\u043d\u043d\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0438 \u0441\u043e \u0441\u0442\u043e\u0440\u043e\u043d\u044b \u0440\u0443\u043a\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0434\u0441\u0442\u0432\u0430 \u0432 \u043e\u0444\u0438\u0441\u0430\u0445.   \u0421\u0430\u043c\u0430\u044f \u043f\u0440\u0438\u044f\u0442\u043d\u0430\u044f \u0447\u0430\u0441\u0442\u044c \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u044b, \u044f \u0434\u0443\u043c\u0430\u044e \u043a\u0430\u043a \u0438 \u043d\u0430 \u043c\u043d\u043e\u0433\u0438\u0445 \u0434\u0440\u0443\u0433\u0438\u0445 \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0430\u0445, \u044d\u0442\u043e \u043f\u043e\u043b\u0443\u0447\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0435 \u0437\u0430\u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u043d\u043e\u0439 \u043f\u043b\u0430\u0442\u044b. \u0422\u0430\u043a\u0436\u0435 \u043c\u043d\u0435 \u043d\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0438\u043b\u043e\u0441\u044c \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0430\u0442\u044c \u0441 \u043b\u044e\u0434\u044c\u043c\u0438, \u043e\u0431\u0449\u0430\u0442\u044c\u0441\u044f \u0441 \u043d\u0438\u043c\u0438 \u0438 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0434\u0430\u0432\u0430\u0442\u044c \u0442\u0435\u0445\u043d\u0438\u043a\u0443. ", " Capacitaci\u00f3n en corea del sur, magnifica experiencia. Trabajo bajo presi\u00f3n elevado ", " Chegava as 15:40 para entrar em atividade \u00e0s 16:00, realizava atendimento a clientes na frente de loja, realizava a venda e a demonstra\u00e7\u00e3o do produto. O gerente era o melhor exemplo de lideran\u00e7a, sempre apoiando os vendedores em todas as necessidades, resolvendo problemas e nos deixando livres para estarmos 100% focados em atender bem aos clientes. A parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho era ter de trabalhar aos fins de semana e feriados e o cansa\u00e7o de permanecer em p\u00e9 por longos per\u00edodos de tempo. A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era sem d\u00favidas estar entre companheiros com um objetivo em como, sempre com espirito de equipe e ajuda m\u00fatua. ", " assistant marketing et communication charge de booster les ventes. ", " llegar a la empresa revisar mi unidad reportarme con mis superiores administrar mi bitacora  sacar pendientes dar solucion a problemas cotidianos lo que mas me agradava ere el trato con mis compa\u00f1eros y jefes ", " aprendi a trabajar mas de 8 horas  tuve buenos compa\u00f1eros y jefes comprensivos que me ayudaron a  lograr mi operacion de trabajo ", " hard working environment. good organization of multiple teams need more creative thinking and proactive idea in engineers ", " Good experience   Presenting and demonstrating products.   Reviewing sales performance.   Attending conferences and meetings.   Organizing sales visits.   Maintaining accurate records.   Maintaining relationship with clients by providing information, support and guidance.   Preparing reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information.   Maintain customers\u2019 records and record sales information.   Arranging meetings with potential clients.   Researching market trends and products. ", " Empresa visionaria, dita tendencia e constr\u00f3i profissionais diferenciados devido suas culturas organizacionais. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Es una empresa donde es crecimiento a largo plazo,si tienen planes de desarrollo y mejora continua,el ambiente entre companeros en buena, lo mas dificil es obligacion de brindar apoyo en tiempo extra. ", " Es una empresa que no presenta muchas posibilidades de crecer.  No peecib\u00ed una claridad de oferta hacia el mercado B2B, el foco cambiaba cada 3 meses y siempre existi\u00f3 una inconsistencia entre la cuota y la realidad del mercado. ", " Empresa boa para trabalhar, supervis\u00e3o excelente, sendo uma pessoa altamente humana, flex\u00edvel, sabendo muito bem lidar com equipe, mas somos instru\u00eddos a trabalhar  antes e depois do hor\u00e1rio  dia de visitas( sendo instru\u00eddos pela terceiriza\u00e7\u00e3o).N\u00e3o tendo livre arb\u00edtrio de escolha, m\u00e1 administra\u00e7\u00e3o da terceirizada. ", " Empresa Lider en el mercado. Logisticamente muy preparada Dificultades regionalmente para acceder a datos o promociones ", " em virtude das mudan\u00e7as em sua gest\u00e3o, acabei ficando por pouco tempo n\u00e3o podendo ter grande condi\u00e7\u00f5es de avaliar ", " lavoro piacevole e formativo, ambiente di lavoro stimolante e piacevole. ", " esta  empre  es  muy  buena  porque  nos  ense\u00f1aron,  los  valores,  a  respetar , hacer compa\u00f1eros  en  cada  punto  de  venta   el  pago  de  esta  empresa  es puntual,  nos  colaboraban  en  nuestras  necesidades,  y  en  nuestro  conocimiento , reconoc\u00edan  nuestros  logros . aprend\u00ed  mucho  de  ella  y  de  las  personas que  laboraban  hay ", " Es una excelente empresa  Te desarrolla en mucho aspectos La direcci\u00f3n en general es muy buena Mis compa\u00f1eros excelentes Los horarios son complejos El crecimiento ", " o dia trabalho \u00e9 bem corrido pelo quantitativo de lojas visitadas, em cada loja \u00e9 realizada arruma\u00e7\u00e3o de produtos, positiva\u00e7\u00e3o de material, limpeza, treinamento dos vendedores, auxilio na venda frente ao cliente, consolida\u00e7\u00e3o da venda. ", " Flexibilidade para implementar as sugest\u00f5es em novos projetos. ", " \u0395\u03be\u03b1\u03b9\u03c1\u03b5\u03c4\u03b9\u03ba\u03ae \u03b5\u03c1\u03b3\u03b1\u03c3\u03b9\u03b1\u03ba\u03ae \u03b5\u03bc\u03c0\u03b5\u03af\u03c1\u03b9\u03b1. \u03a0\u03bf\u03bb\u03c5 \u03ba\u03b1\u03bb\u03cc \u03c0\u03b5\u03c1\u03b9\u03b2\u03ac\u03bb\u03bb\u03bf\u03bd \u03bc\u03b5 \u03c0\u03c1\u03bf\u03bf\u03c0\u03c4\u03b9\u03ba\u03ad\u03c2 \u03b1\u03c4\u03b5\u03bb\u03b5\u03af\u03c9\u03c4\u03b5\u03c2. ", " Amo il lavoro che svolgo, quello che mi spinge a cambiare \u00e8 una maggiore crescita e un'attenzione maggiore alle risorse umane. ", " aprendi muitas coisas foi uma empresa boa pode viajar salario foi em dia ", " Marca conceituada e produtos de qualidade. A empresa oferece bons benef\u00edcios, por\u00e9m rara possibilidade de crescimento/promo\u00e7\u00e3o. ", " Uma empresa boa e que ofereceu uma chance para eu poder trabalhar. ", " Empresa oferece bons benef\u00edcios, por\u00e9m peca em rela\u00e7\u00e3o a press\u00e3o e cobran\u00e7a at\u00e9 mesmo fora do hor\u00e1rio de expediente. ", " De los mejores trabajos en los que he estado Aprend\u00ed much\u00edsimo a tanto como persona como asesor de ventas ", " muy buen ambiente     promover los productos de la marca en piso de ventas (pantallas, minicomponentes, teatros en casa, etc\u2026.) tanto en tiendas departamentales como de autoservicio, ventas, acomodo, limpieza, precios, exhibiciones y manejo de P.O.P ", " A empresa tem uma forte atua\u00e7\u00e3o nos canais de distribui\u00e7\u00e3o.  Os produtos s\u00e3o fant\u00e1sticos e a marca \u00e9 muito reconhecida pelo consumidor.  Existe pouca autonomia dos gestores locais. A press\u00e3o por resultados \u00e9 INTENSA. ", " sou extremamente grata por tudo que aprendi nesta empresa e pelas oportunidade de crescimento que eu tive, sempre gostei de trabalhar em equipe e acredito que isso ajudou no meu crescimento. Meu dia de trabalho exigia muita concentra\u00e7\u00e3o para que eu desse solu\u00e7\u00e3o com qualidade aos processos. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Com boa hierarquia. Empresa de grande porte com boas possibilidades de crescimento profissional. ", " Conferir, receber celulares, embalar o material, pesagem e armazenamento no estoque, e tamb\u00e9m utilizando de empilhadeira manual para realizar o empilhamento de caixas paletizadas. ", " Atendimento em lojas tranquilo, sem maiores problemas. Trabalho em equipe flui muito bem. Nenhuma ressalva a supervisores, sempre presentes e de f\u00e1cil acesso. Equipe interessada em resolver os problemas com agilidade e dinamismo. Algumas lojas n\u00e3o aceitam a ideia de te r um promotor, o que dificulta um pouco. Parte mais agrad\u00e1vel se refere ao companheirismo de equipe e \u00e0 facilidade de obter ajuda quando necess\u00e1rio. ", " l aspect plus important dans ma post par ce que l aspect d un ou d une personne  c est la cause de continute de travail et  belle vie libre sans poroblemes ", " Uma \u00f3tima empresa de se trabalhar . Pois trabalhava direto com o cliente, como ouvidoria. ", " Es un trabajo el cual es muy f\u00e1cil de aprender y en el cual te sientes muy a gusto de poder realizar programaciones en electr\u00f3nica a si como conexiones y aprendizajes nuevos ", " soci\u00e9t\u00e9 tr\u00e8s internationale tr\u00e8s bonne ambiance j'ai beaucoup \u00e9volu\u00e9 en son sein. j'ai pu faire 3 postes en 2 ans et demi de carri\u00e8re chez eux ", " lo que mas me gusto fue que cuando no teniamos trabajo nos llebaba a dar servicio sosial ", " \u00d3timos ganhos de conhecimento e \u00f3timos treinamentos e certifica\u00e7\u00f5es. ", " Ambiente \u00d3timo de se trabalhar, com pessoas interativas e amigas ", " Uma empresa muito boa,organiza\u00e7\u00e3o uma das melhores. Aprendi a liderar equipes de vendas,contratar pessoas,lidar com gerencias e clientes de lojas. Excelente ambiente de trabalho,pessoas bem capacitadas. ", " uma empresa muito boa..um bom salario bons beneficios, nao tenho nada pra reclamar da empresa e sim dos q trabalham..mais gostei muito de trabalhar na samsung..sair por motivos maiores... ", " El trabajo es agradable, entretenido, diariamente se aprende algo nuevo, Aprendi a tomar retos y salir adelante y asi crecer laboralmente gracias a esos retos. mis colegas todo bien con ellos apegados a los deportes y tareas diarias. La parte dif\u00edcil del trabajo era interactuar con el inventario que supuestamente sal\u00eda y no sal\u00eda. Lo que mas me gustaba de mi trabajo era hacer la parte dif\u00edcil por que esa parte era el por que esta uno en las empresas. ", " conditions de travail agr\u00e9ables et permet de donne le mieux ", " Aprendi coisas, interessantes sobre a tecnologia dos celulares. ", " Uma empresa muita de trabalhar,foi nela que consigui realizar alguns dos meus sonhos.Agrade\u00e7o muito pelo o tempo que lar trabalhei. ", " Uma empresa de produtos de \u00f3tima qualidade , chego no trabalho e aprendo todos os dias , pois tecnologia requer muita informa\u00e7\u00e3o , aprendo como lidar com pessoas e duvidas todos os dias , supervisores e trader sempre ajudando e auxiliando no trabalho pra ser sempre impec\u00e1vel , os meus colegas de trabalho sempre um ajudando ao outro e ensinando ao outro , uma das minhas dificuldades \u00e9 a informa\u00e7\u00e3o di\u00e1ria que muda sempre e uma das melhores coisas que ha , \u00e9 a cumplicidade e ambiente favor\u00e1vel para o trabalho. ", " Foram quase 4 longos anos, trabalhando na empresa SAMSUNG, tive oportunidades, que aproveitei da melhor forma poss\u00edvel, apreendendo me dedicando a obter mais conhecimento na minha \u00e1rea de manuten\u00e7\u00e3o, fico muito grata por tudo que me foi proporcionado durante minha perman\u00eancia na empresa. S\u00f3 tenho que agradecer por tudo. ", " chegando pontualmente no hor\u00e1rio ser sempre \u00faltiu a empresa. nossa gerente junto a dire\u00e7ao sao papeis extremamentes importante na administra\u00e7ao, ser companheiro de trabalho pois dependemos um do ourto, o mas facio do trabalho e sempre fazer bem feito,e a melhor parte e que vc fez bem e compriu as exigencias da empresa da qual trabalhamos. ", " Lidar com pessoas requer responsabilidades,aprendi muito e tive um excelente crescimento profissional,fazia roteiros de lojas,preenchimento de planilhas,relat\u00f3rios,vendia e dava treinamentos para vendedores. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Colabores bastante empenhados, com todas as metas alcan\u00e7adas durante o dia a dia. Aprendi a trabalhar em equipe, trabalhar sob press\u00e3o, alcan\u00e7ar metas e objetivos, ser proativo... Diretoria e ger\u00eancia de extrema compet\u00eancia. A parte mais dif\u00edcil seria quando alguma m\u00e1quina quebra, ent\u00e3o h\u00e1 acumulo de servi\u00e7os somente. Quando a produ\u00e7\u00e3o esta caminhando bem. ", " se enpieza con pedidos de envio a clientes y despues descarga de material para envio a diferentes destinos conteo de material a enviar ", " Um ambiente muito agradavel de se trabalhar. Aprendi trabalhar em equipe, a cumprir minhas metas. Uma dire\u00e7\u00e3o bem controlada, excelentes colegas de trabalho, uma equipe maravilhosa. A parte mais dificil era bater as metas que eram muito altas e muito pouco tempo, mais nossa equipe sempre batia nossas metas. ", " uma empresa preoculpada em oferecer o melhor em tecnologia com qualidadae excerlente estrutura para os funcionarios. obtive mais experiencia no manuseio e funcionamento de tablets e android.   A equipe estar sempre pronta a ajudar em dividir o conhecimento, finalizar um produto era como obter uma nova proposta pois assim conheceriamos um novo aparerlho e come\u00e7ariamos um novo aprendizado. ", " Buena compa\u00f1\u00eda con muchos recursos y atenci\u00f3n a las personas. hay mucho trabajo y posibilidades de promoci\u00f3n con base a los resultados propios.  Puede ser muy estable laboralmente pero la demanda de tiempo personal es mucha. ", " * \u00d3tima experiencia com trabalho em equipe  * Motiva\u00e7\u00e3o  * Olho critico ", " Aprendi a trabalhar em equipe Tive uma \u00f3tima gest\u00e3o, minha diretora era uma \u00f3tima profissional O ambiente de trabalho era muito bom ", " Os gestores e diretores sempre buscaram orientar da melhor forma poss\u00edvel. Tinha total liberdade de expressar seja com qual n\u00edvel hier\u00e1rquico, fortalecendo harmonia e companheirismo entres os setores. ", " muy buena empresa con exelentes proyecciones pero le falta un poco mas el carisma hacia el personal que trabaja para ellos, el tiempo compartido fue exelente y conoci y logre cosas en tan poquito tiempo que me hizieron crecer como persona ", " A samsung \u00e9 uma boa empresa pra trabalhar, a politica interna era favoravel . ", " Un d\u00eda normal es llegar a Samsung en donde se re\u00fanen Asesores, Diamonds, Concierges, Supervisores, Coordinadores y un Servidor Coach, discutimos o platicamos sobre las ventas del mes, dependiendo si fueron altas o bajas, y ver que se puede hacer para solucionarlo, yo como coach realizo sondeo a los Asesores acerca de su cuota, su inventario, sus objetivos semanales, su exhibici\u00f3n en piso, despu\u00e9s platico de producto de los nuevos equipos que est\u00e1n por llegar a M\u00e9xico, les menciono desde los beneficios que pueden tener los clientes, hasta las especificaciones para las personas m\u00e1s t\u00e9cnicas, hablando de n\u00facleos, procesadores, memoria ram y rom, ghz, etc., despu\u00e9s t\u00e9cnicas de ventas hago din\u00e1micas con ellos para que se suelten en piso de ventas y no tengas pena o miedo, y aborden a cada uno de los clientes que llegan.  Aprend\u00ed mucho el compa\u00f1erismo, el trabajo en equipo, a soltarme en p\u00fablico bajo cualquier circunstancia, controlar mis miedo, a realizar talleres de tecnolog\u00eda frente a una gran cantidad de p\u00fablico, y hasta llegar a que entren a mi misma platica y comenten, r\u00edan, compren y dem\u00e1s, hacer sentir al cliente como en su casa, que tenga la completa confianza de comentar cualquier duda que le surja sobre nuestro producto.  Mis colegas un ejemplo a seguir les aprend\u00ed much\u00edsimo.  Lo dif\u00edcil de la empresa es que no tiene estabilidad es el \u00fanico pero.  Lo que m\u00e1s me gust\u00f3 fu\u00e9 como fu\u00ed evolucionando, y conociendo un sin fin de gente por todo Nuevo Le\u00f3n, Gerentes, Directores, Encargados de piso, Jefes, Vendedores, por todas las cadenas que visitaba e impart\u00eda mi producto. ", " o tarabalho era \u00f3timo e os colegas eram \u00f3timos tanb\u00e9m a empresa fornecia apoio ao trabalhador. ", " fiz muitos amigos na Samsung uma empresa muito boa de se trabalhar com \u00f3timos profissionais capacitados com muitas experiensa ", " Y\u00f6netim ile saha ekibi aras\u0131nda kopuk bir yap\u0131 var \u015firkette \u00e7al\u0131\u015fan bagl\u0131l\u0131g\u0131 yok ", " N\u00e3o recomendo, pessoas arrogantes mau treinadas, e sem experiencias em lidar com pessoas, cito isso atrav\u00e9s do departamento financeiro,. ", " una gran marca a nivel mundial ( samsung ) gestores de ventas responsables comprometidos con la marca lo mas dificil del trabajo realmente no existe si uno se lo plantea de esa forma .lo mas entretenido del trabajo es poder dar una buena orientacion a los clientes sobre la mejor forma posible de usar sus productos ", " segunda a sexta  eu aprendi muito trabalhando  isso s\u00f3 vai depender  dor meu potencial   gosto de trabalha com todos meu colegas  em quando vo\u00e7e est\u00e1 de mal humor tratar todos mal a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel do meu trabalho em quando esto trabalhando tipo atendendo os cliente ou outras coisa que eu gosto de faze ", " carga horaria justa ,   boa gest\u00e3o ,   bom comissionamento,  treinamentos, ", " Miejsce pracy ok,za ma\u0142o przerw, du\u017co godzin po za domem,za niskie zarobki ,zatrudnienie przez agencje do spraw zatrudnie\u0144. ", " Lo que mas me gusto en esta empresa es que es como una escuela todos los d\u00edas aprendes algo nuevo y te capacitan constantemente "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Empresa din\u00e2mica e agrad\u00e1vel para trabalhar, satisfa\u00e7\u00e3o geral com a empresa, remunera\u00e7\u00e3o e benef\u00edcios, oportunidades, cultura e qualidade de vida. ", " Por las ma\u00f1anas an\u00e1lisis y elaboraci\u00f3n de reportes de indicadores m\u00e1s importantes, revisi\u00f3n y respuesta de correos en orden prioritario, llamadas con clientes para organizar citas, juntas, visitas a clientes 3 d\u00edas por semana, en las tardes juntas de revisi\u00f3n con \u00e1reas involucradas, presentaciones.  Aprend\u00ed a cerrar negociaciones de valor mediante un ambiente \u00e1gil, din\u00e1mico, basado en un excelente manejo de informaci\u00f3n de lo general a lo particular, construcci\u00f3n de relaciones en distintos niveles y alcances.  Direcci\u00f3n basada en cambios constantes en todos los sentidos  Colegas muy destacados y con potencial bastante elevado  La parte m\u00e1s complicada fue la cantidad elevada de filtros para la obtenci\u00f3n de recursos, misma que en ocasiones no empataba con la inercia del negocio.  El dinamismo y agilidad en general de la industria resultaba casi siempre divertido. ", " Buena empresa para formaci\u00f3n profesional, donde se puede aprender de forma interesante el trabajo en una multinacional. Horarios exigentes, con poca flexibilidad. ", " empresa din\u00e2mica e muito bom de trabalha colegas quase todos parceiros dire\u00e7\u00e3o muito boa ", " NO LOYALTY !!!!!!!!!  \u0391\u03bb\u03bb\u03b1\u03b6\u03b5\u03b9 \u03bf \u03a0\u03c1\u03bf\u03b5\u03b4\u03c1\u03bf\u03c2 \u03ba\u03b1\u03b9 \u03bf\u03bb\u03bf\u03b9  \u03bf\u03b9  Head \u03c4\u03c9\u03bd \u03c4\u03bc\u03b7\u03bc\u03b1\u03c4\u03c9\u03bd  \u03b1\u03bd\u03b1 2 \u03c7\u03c1\u03bf\u03bd\u03b9\u03b1 \u03c0\u03b5\u03c1\u03b9\u03c0\u03bf\u03c5. \u0391\u03c5\u03c4\u03bf \u03c3\u03b7\u03bc\u03b1\u03b9\u03bd\u03b5\u03b9 \u03bf\u03c4\u03b9 \u03ba\u03b1\u03b8\u03b5  \u03b4\u03c5\u03bf \u03c7\u03c1\u03bf\u03bd\u03b9\u03b1 \u03b5\u03b9\u03c3\u03b1\u03b9 \u03ba\u03b1\u03b9\u03bd\u03bf\u03c5\u03c1\u03b3\u03b9\u03bf\u03c2  \u03ba\u03b1\u03b9  \u03c0\u03bb\u03b7\u03c1\u03c9\u03c2 \u03b1\u03bd\u03b1\u03bb\u03c9\u03c3\u03b9\u03bc\u03bf\u03c2. &lt;&lt;TO BRAND....\u03c0\u03bf\u03c5\u03bb\u03b1\u03b5\u03b9  \u03bc\u03bf\u03bd\u03bf  \u03c4\u03bf\u03c5&gt;&gt; ", " \u00d3tima empresa ,o emprego era no primeiro turno,a rotina era com uma reuni\u00e3o toda manh\u00e3 antes de come\u00e7ar a rodar as linhas de produ\u00e7\u00e3o,no departamento contiam aproximadamente umas 60 pessoas sendo a maioria mulheres pois trabalhavamos com produ\u00e7\u00e3o de montagens caixas para celular ,a parte mais dificil de se lidar eram os atrasos normais de materiais ,mas n\u00e3o eram com tanta frequencia ,na maioria dos dias eram muito agradavel pois ja era uma equipe bastante concentrada e poucas faltavam ent\u00e3o isso era muito bom para uma \u00f3tima produ\u00e7\u00e3o ", " Gestao de tarefas diarias: ver email e fazer o filtro dos problemas a responder naquele dia;Prepara\u00e7\u00e3o de reunioes sobre pontos de  situa\u00e7\u00e3o para as varias entidades. Aprendi que temos cada vez mais de saber gerir o tempo e agenda. O ambiente era desconfortavel pois a empresa tem muitos trabalhadores sub contratados com grandes diferencas. Lidar com os problemas e arranjar solu\u00e7oes. Conseguir chegar ao fim do dia com a missao cumprida diaria. ", " empresa muito boa de trabalhar,s\u00f3 os horarios n\u00e3o s\u00e3o flexivel de acordo com a minha necessidade de tempo ", " Bueno pues un d\u00eda de trabajo en Samsung, es bajo presi\u00f3n, por que en la mayor\u00eda de los casos se trabaja as\u00ed, en cuesti\u00f3n de la gente que labora, son personas muy amables, las cuales se les aprende demasiado.  Bueno pues mas que nada aprend\u00ed a hacer demasiadas cosas, tanto en lo administrativo como en campo, trabaja en la distribuci\u00f3n de muebles(LOG\u00cdSTICA). ", " el d\u00eda constaba de asesorar al cliente incentivarlo para as\u00ed lograr la venta. ", " es una empresa exelente se preocupa por su personal y te da oprtunidad de crecimiento. ", " Cultura bem desafiadora para quem n\u00e3o tem conhecimento da mec\u00e2nica de trabalho coreana.  Incentiva o funcionario a correr atr\u00e1s e elaborar seus processos.  Existe muito conhecimento para compartilhar e absorver, da parte do funcionario e tamb\u00e9m da empresa. ", " uma empresa que visa a melhoria da qualidade dos colaboradores. oferecendo recursos de capacita\u00e7\u00e3o para a equipe. ", " Empresa de grande porte que d\u00e1 oportunidade a seus colaboradores, cumpre seus prazos, e estabelece cultura entre as mesmas. ", " un dia de trabajo normalmente se empieza 10 o 15 minutos antes del turno, atendiendo a proveedores, clientes y trabajadores de la empreza. desde el primer minuto todo es muy fluido y se requiere mucha coordinacion y atencion debido a todo el personal y maquinaria en movimiento. la parte mas dificil en el trabajo sin duda son las primeras tres horas del turno, por todo lo que hay que hacer en tan poco tiempo, pero una vez pasando las nueve hay mas oportunidad de analizar cosas del trabajo a mejorar y ocuparse de los problemas y detalles atrazados o del dia. lo mejor de ese trabajo sin duda es el sistema de evaluacion. el Gerente del departamento esta junto y ala vista de nosotros y es un observador diario del desempe\u00f1o individual, asi que a la hora de evaluarnos no hay sorpresas si no pura objetividad, eso es muy bueno. ", " \u0420\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0447\u0438\u0439 \u0434\u0435\u043d\u044c \u043d\u0430\u0447\u0438\u043d\u0430\u0435\u0442\u0441\u044f \u0441 \u0437\u0430\u0440\u044f\u0434\u043a\u0438! \u041d\u0430\u0443\u0447\u0438\u043b\u0441\u044f \u043c\u043d\u043e\u0433\u043e\u043c\u0443-\u0432\u0441\u0451 \u0442\u043e \u0447\u0442\u043e \u0443\u043c\u0435\u043b-\u0437\u0430\u043a\u0440\u0435\u043f\u0438\u043b,\u0432\u0441\u0451 \u0442\u043e \u0447\u0442\u043e \u043d\u0435 \u0443\u043c\u0435\u043b \u043f\u0440\u0438\u043e\u0431\u0440\u0435\u043b!\u0420\u0443\u043a\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0434\u0441\u0442\u0432\u043e, \u0442\u0430\u043a \u0441\u0435\u0431\u0435, \u043d\u043e \u043d\u0435 \u0432\u0441\u0435!!!\u043a\u043e\u043b\u043b\u0435\u043a\u0442\u0438\u0432 \u0441\u0443\u043f\u0435\u0440!\u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0430 \u043f\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e\u044f\u043d\u043d\u0430\u044f \u0438 \u0432\u0441\u0435\u0433\u0434\u0430 \u0434\u0435\u0440\u0436\u0438\u0442 \u0432 \u043d\u0430\u043f\u0440\u044f\u0436\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0438-\u0441\u043f\u0440\u0430\u0432\u043b\u044f\u043b\u0441\u044f! ", " me gusta mucho la empresa se preocupan mucho por el empleado, lastima que sean contratos cortos y tengamos que esperar para volver a trabajar, me gustar\u00eda tener una estabilidad laboral. ", " \u00f3timo lugar d trabalho pessoas boas d trabalhar por perto dif\u00edcil  a comunica\u00e7\u00e3o com os coreanos pela lingugem ", " lo mejor de ese trabajo es que tienes que estar atento de que todo este bien ,la gente amable y te apoyan todos ", " Las ventas nocturnas. Ser\u00eda lo m\u00e1s notorio aqu\u00ed, ya que es donde ponen a prueba sus habilidades de ventas atenci\u00f3n a clientes, estrategias de venta.  Los horarios son desde 8 de la ma\u00f1ana hasta las 2 de la madrugada. Dos d\u00edas seguidos. Los que \u00e9ramos encargados de la tienda nos qued\u00e1bamos hasta el final. En el trascurso del d\u00eda ten\u00edamos compa\u00f1eros apoy\u00e1ndonos desde 4 personas hasta 13 dependiendo lo agresivo de las ventas y la competencia. Los cuales quedaban a tu cargo en esos dos d\u00edas, decirles que hacer, como hacerlo, ahora s\u00ed que eres su encargado en esos momentos.  Trabajas bajo much\u00edsima presi\u00f3n, ya que son jornadas muy largas de trabajo. Pero al final del d\u00eda te das cuenta que vale la pena porque cumplen con sus objetivos y ventas. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Lavoravo in un capannone con altri 80 colleghi, senza cambi d'aria,ma nonostante questo buon rapporto con i colleghi. Purtroppo i proprietari pretendevano cose diverse dalle mie mansioni. ", " supervisor soso, compa\u00f1eros nada apoyadores, uno solicitaba logos para pegar al producto que es su marca Samsung no me llegaba , se le dec\u00eda al supervisor y no hacia caso. solo dec\u00edan vendan vendan , y cuando uno necesitaba algo , por ejemplo jubile para limpiar los productos nunca llegaba y tenia q prestar a otro promotor de la competencia, por eso me aburri y sali ", " Es una gran organizacion para aprender y crecer. Es necesario el idioma ingles para el desempe\u00f1o de las labores Personas idoneas y muy buen relacionamiento humano ", " Todos los dias se llega al almacen hacer chequeo de precios y ofertas, porductos en buen estado y abordar a los pocos clientes que entren ", " Em um dia tipico de trabalho o maior foco sempre era gerenciamento de equipe. Procedimentos administrativos tamb\u00e9m faziam parte da rotina di\u00e1ria, tais como abertura, organiza\u00e7\u00e3o e manuten\u00e7\u00e3o de loja, abertura e fechamento de caixa, organiza\u00e7\u00e3o, auditoria interna e reposi\u00e7\u00e3o do estoque de produtos dispon\u00edveis e etc. Aprendi que no fechamento de vendas \u00e9 de extrema import\u00e2ncia a presen\u00e7a de um gerente, para fazer negocia\u00e7\u00e3o de descontos e passar uma firmeza ao cliente. A parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho \u00e9 sem duvidas o planejamento estrat\u00e9gico para melhoria de desempenho. \u00c9 necess\u00e1rio um extremo conhecimento do seu produto, da sua equipe e dos seus clientes para chegar a solu\u00e7\u00e3o que mais trar\u00e1 lucro a empresa. A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel do trabalho \u00e9 sem duvidas o treinamento de novos funcion\u00e1rios com \u00eanfase em t\u00e9cnicas de vendas de produto, identifica\u00e7\u00e3o e desenvolvimento de necessidade do cliente e transmiss\u00e3o de vis\u00e3o, valores e m\u00e9todos de trabalho da corpora\u00e7\u00e3o. \u00c9 a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel pois gera na sua equipe uma confian\u00e7a no seu conhecimento profissional e faz com que sua equipe caminhe ao seu lado mais facilmente. ", " uma empresa comprometida  que visa sempre a melhoria pricinpalmente de seus colaboradores,.. a sua gerencia sempre competente  buscando motiva\u00e7oes de trabalho pra equipe assim como um todo .  sempre tem o lado negativo mas a parte positivas sempre supliram isso ", " Con el grupo de trabajo bien afiatados y cooperacion entre si. La parte dificil fue no contar con implementos necesarios para montar algunos eventos, en el cual se hacia lo posible con lo que se tenia ", " Foi Muito agradavel por\u00e9m naquele monto nao deu pra mim, mais la tinha tudo que uma pessoa de maior podia querer para trabalhar , mais como eu era de menor nao deu ", " Empresa multinacional, com rotina de trabalho intensa, oportunidade de aprendizado em diversas \u00e1reas dentro de um mesmo ambiente de trabalho. ", " Em geral a Samsung \u00e9 uma empresa competente, que valoriza os trabalhadores e possui aos mesmos boa remunera\u00e7\u00e3o ", " un d\u00eda t\u00edpico en la compa\u00f1\u00eda era estar pendientes de los asesores,  manejo de relaciones con los distribuidores para aumentar las ventas en esos puntos lo cual se lograba aprend\u00ed a tener mayor responsabilidad, conoc\u00ed personas agradables mis jefes ten\u00edan un trato muy bueno la verdad exig\u00edan buenos resultados y eso me ayudo a ser mejor en lo que hacia  mis compa\u00f1eros que eran una merchandiser y los promotores a cargos se comportaban muy bien con migo a la par con respeto y honestidad la parte ,mas dif\u00edcil eran los retos que me colocaban y gracias a dios los cumpl\u00eda a cabalidad lo que mas me gusto del trabajo el puesto que tenia en la compa\u00f1\u00eda ", " je faisais la pr\u00e9sentation ainsi que la vente des t\u00e9l\u00e9viseur samsung j'ai travaill\u00e9 dans une frac tr\u00e8s bonne \u00e9quipe. ", " Empresa din\u00e2mica e promissora investe pesado em treinamento e capacita\u00e7\u00e3o de seus funcion\u00e1rios ambiente interno agrad\u00e1vel competitivo e respeitoso gerencia coerente e clara local formid\u00e1vel para se trabalhar. ", " Estuve en temporada de buen fin. Aprendi bastante de pantallas led. Un dia tipico es limpiar tu area o televisores si llegan clientes atenderlos y convencerlos de que tu marca es mejor para que vendas mas, comida de 1 hr registro de salida a las 8 y de entrada a las 11 am. En buen fin era mas rapida la venta ya que la marca se vende sola por lo tanto solo llegan y preguntan por alguna pantalla que ya los habia convencido. ", " Empresa que ensina, orienta, tem disciplina, metas e que visa qualidade. ", " Una empresa muy unida en cuanto el equipo de trabajo con mucha responsabilidad de por medio, una jefe que me ense\u00f1o a ser perseverante y eficaz para lograr alcanzar mis metas y as\u00ed tener m\u00e9ritos como premios. ", " Ambiente de trabajo divertido siempre por la preocupaci\u00f3n del bienestar del empleado. ", " Mi d\u00eda comenzaba muy temprano sin tope de horario, reportando ventas y stock diario de productos en lanzamiento de cada una de las tiendas a mi cargo, consolidando y enviando a equipo de analistas.solucionando problemas o preparando evaluaciones de mi  luego me dirija a apertura de tiendas a las 11:00 hrs. para controlar ingreso de promotores a sus puntos de ventas, tuve muy buena relaci\u00f3n con mi jefatura y colegas. lo que mas me gustaba de mi trabajo era el manejo de equipo, la relaci\u00f3n y fidelizacion con gerentes y jefes de \u00e1rea en terreno y cumplir los objetivos solicitados por la compa\u00f1\u00eda. ", " Empresa muito din\u00e2mica na forma de trabalhar consegue puxar o m\u00e1ximo do conhecimento individual, por\u00e9m retribui de forma financeira o esfor\u00e7o. ", " Contribui com o desenvolvimento pleno das capacidades de seus colaboradores. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Revicion de pendientes y nuevos trabajos en vitacora, ronding en \u00e1reas de trabajo  para asegurar que no este parado la producci\u00f3n por maquinaria. Aprend\u00ed que no importa que te digan tienes que asegurarte que el trabajo este hecho y funcionando. Supervisor y Gerente me dieron carta abierta para trabajar. Con los colegas siempre tuvimos comunicaci\u00f3n y convivencia. Lo mas Dif\u00edcil fue trabajar contra reloj y ver perdidas. Lo que mas me gusto es que con la maquinaria el limite es mi imaginaci\u00f3n para innovar. ", " Colegas con buena disposici\u00f3n para ense\u00f1ar al manejo de cliente, al tener alg\u00fan problema ellos se dirig\u00edan inmediatamente hacia mi para ayudar. La parte mas dif\u00edcil fue aprender algunas funciones del producto. ", " Sono stati 3 anni bellissimi, lavoro entusiasmante, buona retribuzione e tante soddisfazioni. ", " het uitpakken en nachekken van tv's koelkasten etc,, je werkt met een groep van ongv, 25man. het is fysiek best zwaar werk want je tilt zware koelkasten tv's, magnetrons etc op, maar het het sfeer is wel gezellig. wat ik geleerd heb is dat ik voortaan beter zal opletten in de winkel als ik spullen ga kopen. ", " Excelente empresa,nada a criticar,ambiente de trabalho \u00f3timo. ", " Muito dedicada em rela\u00e7\u00e3o, Funcion\u00e1rios, pagamentos, sal\u00e1rios. ", " Bom relacionamento Inter-pessoal com os promotores, assist\u00eancia dos supervisores.  Dif\u00edcil em conseguir espa\u00e7o em algumas lojas para exposi\u00e7\u00e3o de produtos,   A parte agrad\u00e1vel \u00e9 a amizade que se faz nas lojas. ", " Prise de poste avec v\u00e9rification des produits en place accueil client et vente ne pas avoir sur la feuille de vente mon nom car mes ventes sont donn\u00e9es aux vendeurs du magasin le plus agr\u00e9able est la relation client ", " Olha a empresa que me encontro hoje \u00e9 muito boa de trabalhar, nao tenho do que reclamar nem dos meu companheiros de trabalho nem da minha gerencia,s\u00f3 o que falta nela \u00e9 um plano de sa\u00fade e vale alimenta\u00e7\u00e3o. ", " un d\u00eda t\u00edpico era llegar a limpiar las mesas de experiencia mantener todo el stan en orden y presentable invitar a la gente a conocer los equipos mas actualizados y mostrar beneficios de los equipos ayudarles a elegir lo que cubr\u00eda mejor sus necesidades,les brind\u00e1bamos asesor\u00eda gratuita para que los clientes sintieran la seguridad de poder llevarse un equipo nuevo y actualizado para ellos,regularmente eramos de 2 a 3 personas por lugar lo cual me ayudo aprender a trabajar en equipo saber la importancia del compa\u00f1erismo en el trabajo y lo que lograba un ambiente divertido y muy interesante ya que todo lo que nos rodeaba era tecnolog\u00eda reciente, el sueldo era bastante bueno, pero lo dif\u00edcil era el horario y las tiendas que nos ubicaban a veces eran demasiadas retiradas de nuestros domicilios, aprend\u00ed a identificar las necesidades del cliente y hacer empatia para lograr cerrar ventas y que el cliente se fuera satisfecho de manera que nos recomendara o volviera por otro equipo,eramos evaluados y capacitados con frecuencia y en ocaciones era un poco pesado ya que cubr\u00edamos horas extra. ", " Ja trabalhei em varias empresa mas a samsung e maravilhosa n\u00e3o tenho nada de ruim para falar dessa empresa pois os quase 6 anos que trabalhei la foram com muito prazer jamais tive um dia se que de pregui\u00e7a de ir ao meu trabalho pois sempre trabalhei com prazer poi quando a empresa valoriza seu funcion\u00e1rio agente sol tem a agradecer tenho muita vontade de volta a trabalhar de novo com eles espero em deus que isso aconte\u00e7a mas se n\u00e3o de espero encontra uma empresa t\u00e3o maravilhosa quanto. ", " Manejo de personal, contacto con los centros de servicio, pago de las garant\u00edas cobradas por los diferentes productos reparados seguimiento de ordenes, an\u00e1lisis de datos, seguimiento de servicios y auditoria de cumplimiento de normas y sanciones si asi se requiere. ", " Muito dinamismo, mas muitas mudan\u00e7as que ocorre na empresa deixando sempre todos bem atualizados, cursos semanais gerencia muito positiva, sempre dando apoio e a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era nos finais de semana quando a loja sempre estava muito lotada. ", " empresa seria buen ambiente de trabajo cursos de formaci\u00f3n la direcci\u00f3n buena y buen trato personal ", " Uma escala de 0 a 10, nota 8,5! Uma empresa que investi muito em tecnologia e que est\u00e1 entrando forte no segmento hospitalar com tendencia em se tonar l\u00edder  de mercado em um curto prazo! ", " \uccab \uc9c1\uc7a5\uc73c\ub85c\uc120 \ub9ce\uc740 \uc5c5\ubb34\ub97c \uc218\ud589\ud558\uba74\uc11c \uc815\uc801\uc774\uc9c0 \uc54a\uace0 \ub2a5\ub3d9\uc801\uc73c\ub85c \uc77c\ud560 \uc218 \uc788\ub294  \ud658\uacbd\uc774\uba70, \ud55c \uc5c5\ubb34\uc758 \uc804\ubb38\uac00\uac00 \ub418\uae30\ubcf4\ub2e4\ub294 \uc5ec\ub7ec \uc5c5\ubb34\ub97c \uace0\ub8e8 \uc218\ud589\ud560 \uc218 \uc788\ub294 \uc7a5\uc810\uc774 \uc788\uc5b4, \ub2e4\uc591\ud55c \uacbd\ud5d8\uc744 \uc6d0\ud558\ub294 \ubd84\uc5d0\uac8c\ub294 \ubcf8 \ud68c\uc0ac\uc5d0\uc11c \uadfc\ubb34\ud560 \uac83\uc744 \ucd94\ucc9c\ud569\ub2c8\ub2e4. ", " na minha opini\u00e3o a samsung \u00e9 uma empresa muito qualifica com muita responsabilidade e muito com muito compromisso no que faz e por isso gostaria de fazer parte do quadro de funcion\u00e1rios desta \u00f3tima empresa. ", " Me encargaba de promocionar todos los productos IT de la linea Samsung. (notebooks, netbooks, tablets, etc.). Aprend\u00ed a implementar estrategias de ventas ya  generar inter\u00e9s sobre lo que ofrec\u00edamos. En cuanto las personas a cargo realizaban sus labores con el mayor profesionalismo generando un clima estable y c\u00f3modo para realizar nuestras tareas. En cuanto a mis colegas solo manten\u00eda contacto con ellos en eventos o capacitaciones. No era un trabajo con complicaciones. Lo que mas me gusto del trabajo es haber conocido mas acerca de la empresa y sus productos. ", " Trop de pression pour vendre, ext de garantie 5 ans, carte de fid\u00e9lit\u00e9, ... ", " Es una empresas seria la cual da buen trato a su personal tambien da muchos benecios y asi poder obtener un mejor puesto al igual de imparticion de cursos por la misma empresa "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Ambiente de trabajo agradable, siempre una comunicaci\u00f3n fluida con los supervisores, apoya siempre a sus trabajadores dando facilidades. Pero siempre con respeto y compromiso. ", " Me deram a oportunidade de aprender a soldar... De ser lider de produ\u00e7ao...a empresa em si e muito boa... ", " Na Samsung obtive habilidades para trabalhar na linha de produ\u00e7\u00e3o, pontualidade, conhecimento sobre os produtos. ", " la forma de trabajar en esta empresa fue muy satisfactoria personal y prosesional. cada dia aprendias una cosa nueva, la direcion genial y compa\u00f1eros excelente. la parte mas dificil no habia. todo en general genial. ", " No per\u00edodo em que estou trabalhando nesta empresa tive a oportunidade de aprender a lidar com o publico e com a equipe, percebi que temos que interagir ao m\u00e1ximo e aproveitar as oportunidades para crescer, aprendi que a \u00e9tica nas vendas s\u00e3o necess\u00e1rias para evitar conflitos com colegas e clientes ( n\u00e3o tive nenhum episodio desagrad\u00e1vel  com colegas e com clientes), aprendi que as metas s\u00e3o necess\u00e1rias para o crescimento meu e da empresa, aprendi que um bom relacionamento com a ger\u00eancia \u00e9 necess\u00e1rio para manter a harmonia e para ter em quem se apoiar nas dificuldades encontradas, quando n\u00e3o sei alguma coisa relacionada ao produto e ao trabalho, tenho a humildade para perguntar, a parte complicada \u00e9 ter que conciliar minha faculdade com a carga de trabalho, e para finalizar sou extremamente grata a empresa por ter dado a mim a oportunidade de ingressar no mercado de trabalho e ter preenchido minhas expectativas, gosto dos meus colegas e o ambiente de trabalho, adoro conhecer pessoas, poder ajudar e suprir suas necessidades. Estou aberta a novos desafios e conquistas, e me coloco a disposi\u00e7\u00e3o para isto. Obrigada! ", " Cada funcion\u00e1rio tinha seu posto de trabalho, todos os dias tinha uma meta para cumprir,sempre procur\u00e1vamos fazer o melhor para alcan\u00e7ar o q era estipulado para aquele dia. Havia um bom vinculo um com o outro na empresa,independente do seu cargo, mesmo q as vezes o trabalho fosse dif\u00edcil n\u00e3o perd\u00edamos o controle e nos revez\u00e1vamos para conseguir.A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era saber que eramos reconhecidos pelo nosso trabalho. ", " T\u00e9cnico de Reparo Jr.  Responsabilidades: Trabalhei como T\u00e9cnico de Reparo e Qualidade, fazendo inspe\u00e7\u00e3o e an\u00e1lise de defeito e reparo de placas, diminuindo o estoque de placas e colaborando no treinamento de qualidade para o setor de manufatura ", " yo creo que en gran parte es una buena empresa solo que tienen algunas preferencias entre enpleados y supervisores ", " trabalho organizado e com muita agilidade,aprendi a manusear router com agilidade e compet\u00eancia,tive um \u00f2timo supervisor,e grandes companheiros de trabalho ,embora pouco contato eram todos muitos compromissados com o trabalho,n\u00e3o havia dificuldades tinha pessoas competentes para ensinar ,e a parte mais agradav\u00e9l de um trabalho e o pagamento pela sua competencia. ", " O entreterimento era uma das formas muito coletiva de inicia e termina um dia de trabalho. Meu maior aprendizado la foi o simples fato de saber que posso fazer alem daquilo que penso O peso da chefia era bem rasuavel tinhamos todos os dias reuniao havia explicacao dos processos faltava maquinario Nao tinha ingnorancia a parte dos chefes ", " Nela desenvolvo meu trabalho com excel\u00eancia, buscando um melhor relacionamento com o cliente e tamb\u00e9m com o funcion\u00e1rio. Quando uma pessoa exerce um cargo de chefia, tem que saber como abordar assuntos e pessoas. Meu interesse \u00e9 crescer profissionalmente, visando o melhor para mim e para a empresa que estou trabalhando. ", " Empresa bem estruturada, compromissada e sempre pensando no melhor para o cliente ", " el trabajo que yo tengo me gusta mucho, y la gente con la que convivo tambi\u00e9n es muy agradable, pero hay veces que los lideres o los jefes no valoran al personal que ya lleva mas tiempo y no dan muchas oportunidades de crecimiento ", " Es una empresa con una cultura muy desafiante, ideal para personas solteras que est\u00e1n iniciando sus carreras, que gusten de desaf\u00edos y tengan el car\u00e1cter para afrontarlos ", " responsable, con capacitaciones constantes, integraci\u00f3n del grupo laboral. ", " Una empresa de grandes metas donde se puede llegar a alcanzar muchas metas con personal humano muy preparado y eficaz. ", " Onde deixa a desejar \u00e9 na oferta de oportunidade interna, tamb\u00e9m forneceu apenas uma vez nesse per\u00edodo de tr\u00eas anos oportunidade de qualifica\u00e7\u00e3o t\u00e9cnica aos funcion\u00e1rios. , ", " un d\u00eda t\u00edpico en el trabajo llego muy alegre despu\u00e9s de mi junta despu\u00e9s de checar todos las \u00e1reas de oportunidad en las que d\u00eda a d\u00eda  aprendemos mediante criticas constructivas en que nos podemos enfocar para trabajar en ellas y as\u00ed las hacer mejoras necesarias. ", " \u00d3tima empresa de grande respeito com o funcion\u00e1rio, \u00e1rea de trabalho agrad\u00e1vel, salario compat\u00edvel, empresa organizada, com bons benef\u00edcios planos de sa\u00fade e odontol\u00f3gico, fretado, uniforme, instrumentos de trabalho em \u00f3timo estado ", " Foi uma empresa que particularmente, adorei trabalhar. Por fazer parte da inaugura\u00e7\u00e3o da loja, vi a empresa crescer e ajudei para isso. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Aprendi muitas coisas novas , como companheirismo , ser amiga , prestativa ao meu trabalho e amigos ", " Aprendi a trabalhar com culturas diversas e identificar melhorias em processos internos. ", " A Samsung foi uma empresa agradabil\u00edssima de se trabalhar, pois nela tive a oportunidade  de ser promovido em apenas dez meses e trabalhar no setor que eu tanto almejei desde o in\u00edcio. Al\u00e9m do reconhecimento dos meus supervisores, s\u00f3 tenho a agradecer a oportunidade que tive l\u00e1. ", " Gostaria muito de fazer parte dessa empresa... Qual admiro, por ser uma empresa justa e generosa com seus colaboradores. ", " Empresa boa que sabe como valorizar o funcionario tem muitos beneficios  aprendi a valorizar mais o trabalho e as pessoas ", " Fiquei sabendo da vaga no call center da atento pelo site. fui ate o local da entrevista, e passei nos teste. fui contratado fiz o cursos que a empresa Samsung fornece. ent\u00e3o comecei a fazer trabalhar na empresa, e sempre em busca de poder cresce na empresa. meu objetivos sempre era os mesmo atitude, busca mais conhecimento, determina\u00e7\u00e3o muita for\u00e7a de vontade, nesse per\u00edodo que estive trabalhando no local surgiu uma oportunidade de poder mudar de n\u00edvel participei do processo seletivo e fui aprovado. foi um bom ambiente, aprende muito nesta \u00e1rea obter muito mais conhecimento e ser mais atencioso com as pessoas saber conversa e respeitar os pr\u00f3ximos. ", " un dia tipico es yegar saludar alos compa\u00f1eros y trabajr en equipo  el trabajo en equipo  la parate mas dificil del trabajo es cuando tus compa\u00f1eros estan estresados por el trabajo o por otro motibo no se trabaja bien  es el mismo lugar de trabajo estar en las maquinas ", " Ambiente laboral exigente, comprometido a lograr objetivos, soluci\u00f3n de problemas en equipo a trav\u00e9s de la involucraci\u00f3n de \u00e1reas. ", " Por lo general todos los d\u00edas son estresantes, la planificaci\u00f3n de la demanda de forma semanal hace que sea un trabajo intenso. La gerencia tenia falta de liderazgo, muy reactiva. El ambiente con los colegas muy bueno. Lo mas dificil fue lidiar con la cultura coreana. Lo que mas me gusto fue aprender de planificaci\u00f3n y estrategia. ", " Esta empresa foi aberta a seis meses, onde que tive o convite do dono para come\u00e7ar a trabalhar desde seu inicio mesmo antes de ter sido aberta, fizemos toda a montagem do laborat\u00f3rio, estrutura\u00e7\u00e3o de equipe e compra de equipamentos para o laborat\u00f3rio, acontece que o dono da empresa por ser um mal gestor acabou por come\u00e7ar a tra\u00e7ar sal\u00e1rios e n\u00e3o pagar d\u00e9bitos com a Samsung, fazendo com que perdesse seu credenciamento e tendo que demitir os funcionarios. ", " uma boa empresa para  trabalhar pois oferece crescimento profissional e cultural, empresa que visa treinamentos para seus funcion\u00e1rios e capacita\u00e7\u00e3o do mesmos. ", " innovatives Unternehmen, sehr b\u00fcrokratisch, wenn man Gro\u00dfkonzerne mag ist man hier gut aufgehoben ", " 1- Llegar temprano minimo 10min. antes de la hora de inicio.     lograr la produccion del d\u00eda. 2- Cultura laboral, nadie es mas, todos somos capaces 3- Mantener las lineas de produccion al 100 en caso de falla reaccionar lo mas pronto posible. 4- Comprometidos por departamento a realizae nuestars actividades no recibo, no genero, no envio (problemas). 5- Lograr un cambio a corto plazo, sobre todo cuando se requiere invercion monetaria. 6- No sabes, aprendamos o te ense\u00f1amos, no puedes te ayudo, capacitacion continua en base a resultados. ", " Durante o per\u00edodo de perman\u00eancia na empresa, houveram algumas job rotation, que contribuiram muito para o meu desenvolvimento como profissional, devido o desafio que era imposto pela nova atividade a ser realizada. ", " Aprendi muito sobre esta empresa, sua cultura,pessoas, forma de trabalho enfim aprendi muito e com isso cresci como profissional, hoje me sinto mais capacitado para atuar no mercado de trabalho, \u00e9 claro que como toda empresa de grande porte existe muita press\u00e3o , mas \u00e9 algo que com o tempo voc\u00ea aprende a lidar com isso. ", " Me gusta la forma de tratar a los trabajadores,es una empresa que da muchos beneficios,muchos quisieran trabajar ahi . ", " *Um dia bom de trabalho *Aprendi bastante ma \u00e1rea de materiais e gest\u00e3o de pessoas *Dire\u00e7\u00e3o boa por\u00e9m sem muitas possibilidades para crescimento *colegas normais *Lideran\u00e7a incompetente *Parte agrad\u00e1vel do trabalho esta sempre fazendo seu melhor  no processo de trabalho ", " \u00f3tima empresa para se trabalhar, onde h\u00e1 o respeito ao colaborador e onde os afazeres s\u00e3o muito bem explicados, \u00f3timo ambiente de trabalho, e onde voc\u00ea pode contar  com os beneficios em uma necessidade ", " Se trabajaban muchas horas pero en un buen ambiente, compa\u00f1erismo, familiar... Ampli\u00e9 conocimientos sobre nuevas tecnolog\u00edas, aprend\u00ed a reparar sin supervisi\u00f3n electrodom\u00e9sticos... La gerencia era exigente pero con buen trato. ", " Una gran experiencia tanto a nivel personal con los compa\u00f1eros como a nivel profesional tanto con el Corte Ingles como con todo el tipo de clientes que se trataba a diario. Aprendes a saber llevar y resolver las dudas y problemas de todo tipo de personas, que a veces es complicado, pero sin duda aprendes mucho de ello. Lo que m\u00e1s me gust\u00f3 fue el trato de cara al p\u00fablico, el buen ambiente de trabajo y una formaci\u00f3n casi diaria debido a velocidad de renovacio\u00f3n de la tecnolog\u00eda. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Minha avalia\u00e7\u00e3o garante a empresa como uma boa empresa para trabalhar, pode melhorar em alguns pontos, mas garante um bom sal\u00e1rio e muitos beneficios. ", " muita correria, responsabilidade alta, ser sempre criativo e organizado, estar sempre focado, \u00f3timo ambiente de trabalho e companheirismo,  estar sempre atualizado nas suas tarefas, ir para casa  sabendo que tudo foi conforme seu planejamento. ", " es una gran experiencia. Aprendi mucho sobre el mundo de las multinacionales ", " Dias de trabalhos agradaveis , aprendi mais sobre tecnologia, bom relacionamento com meus superiores ", " Ich bin ein 19er Jung so hatte ich keine Arbeit , was ich gelent habe sind viel aber leider die meisten war theoretisch ,ich bin sehr gut in Mathe weil ich die in der Uni f\u00fcr ein Jahr studiert habe , wahrlich hat nichts mir gefallen in dieselm Job , ich wollte eine neue Erfahrung probieren . ", " travail toujours en urgence, beaucoup de pression mais une bonne exp\u00e9rience ", " A Samsung \u00e9 uma empresa com muito foco em treinamento para melhor desempenho de seus colaboradores o que \u00e9 muito importante para ambos os lados colaborador/cliente,a samsung trabalha muito com a motiva\u00e7\u00e3o dos funcion\u00e1rios e com a politica de que funcion\u00e1rio feliz produz melhor. Infelizmente a Samsung trabalha muito com contrato tempor\u00e1rio n\u00e3o tive a oportunidade de voltar e mostrar que sou capaz de exercer todas as fun\u00e7\u00f5es a mim destinadas e superar as expectativas da empresa com o meu melhor desempenho. ", " obtive muita experiencia.... Comecei atuando na linha de produ\u00e7\u00e3o de celular na area de TSP por dois anos.Dai passei p area de SMD TABLET trabalhando na linha de produ\u00e7\u00e3o do tablet,parafusava componente na placa e fazia inspe\u00e7ao visual e montagem,durante um ano.Por \u00faltimo atuei na area de SMD,operava maquina de corte de placa tanto de celular como placa de tablet e fazia inspe\u00e7ao visual. ", " Llegar antes del horario de entrada para supervisar que todo est\u00e9 en orden y activar soluciones anticipadas para evitar reclamos. Como tambi\u00e9n retirarse m\u00e1s tarde o coordinar trabajos de mantenci\u00f3n fuera del horario de oficina para dar soluci\u00f3n a problemas. Implementar nuevos procesos para llevar un control de estos. Proponer soluciones para situaciones conflictivas. Asistir a visitas VIP con servicios de protocolo.   Alto grado de compromiso para logro de objetivos. Servir de facilitador para logro de estos . Comprender sistema de trabajo de acuerdo a la cultura asi\u00e1tica. Lo m\u00e1s dif\u00edcil es lograr compromiso y comprensi\u00f3n del tipo de trabajo con colegas chilenos. Dentro de mis labores a desarrollar existen de categor\u00eda urgentes e importantes, las cuales cambiaban de estado de un momento a otro, convirtiendo la rutina diaria en algo muy din\u00e1mico y desafiante. ", " Llegando a trabajar eran ordenadas las tareas que te daban a realizar asi mismo como la buena comunicacion de los compa\u00f1eros para desempe\u00f1ar las tareas en las que eramos mejor cada uno de nosotros  Respetando horarios de comida  Asi como una de las cosas que mas me gusto es el comedor de la empresa con buenas instalaciones ", " une journ\u00e9e de travail typique les opportunit\u00e9s de d\u00e9veloppement le management vos collaborateurs l'aspect le plus difficile de votre poste l'aspect le plus agr\u00e9able de votre poste ", " Buen ambiente laboral y buena relaci\u00f3n con compa\u00f1eros.  Se brinda atenci\u00f3n medica oportuna al personal y en caso de presentarse accidentes se atienden de manea oportuna. ", " Empresa maravilhosa de se trabalhar, investe muito nos funcion\u00e1rios, aprendi muitas coisas boas de como se trabalhar em equipe e dar o seu melhor para alcan\u00e7ar os melhores resultados. Meus colegas de trabalho nosso n\u00e3o tenho nem palavras para expressar de como eles s\u00e3o pessoas maravilhosas de se trabalhar. a gest\u00e3o pessoas muitos focadas e com um coordena\u00e7\u00e3o maravilhosa para se ter uma equipe bem preparada em campo. ", " work and life balance\uac00 \uc5c6\ub2e4. \uacfc\uc81c\uc218\uac00 \ub108\ubb34 \ub9ce\ub2e4. \uacfc\uc81c\uac00 \ub9ce\uc544 \uc77c\uc740 \ub9ce\uc774 \ud558\uc5ec \ub3c4\uc6c0\uc740 \ub410\ub2e4. \uc2dd\ub2f9\uc774 \ubb34\ub8cc\uc5ec\uc11c \uc88b\ub2e4. \uae09\uc5ec\uc5d0 \ube44\ud574 \uc77c\uc758 \uc591\uc774 \ub108\ubb34 \ub9ce\ub2e4. ", " Pr\u00e9senter les produits Animation du rayon Promouvoir et vendre Reporting hebdomadaire de l\u2019activit\u00e9 commercial ", " a empresa \u00e9 um bom lugar para trabalhar, oferece boas oportunidades de crescimento profissional, o trabalho exige muita paci\u00eancia, por ser repetido, tamb\u00e9m exige muito fisicamente por o funcion\u00e1rio ficar em p\u00e9 durante todo a carga hor\u00e1ria de trabalho, tem \u00e1rea de lazer com acesso a internet, jogos, existe muitos eventos em datas comemorativas. ", " tr\u00e8s belles exp\u00e9riences, un bon rythme de travaille... j'ai appris beaucoup de choses, accessibles a un travaille plus tard, aspect le plus dur ces de retenir \u00e9norm\u00e9ment d'informations... ", " \u00d3timo ambiente de trabalho, onde tive facilidade de relacionamento em todos os n\u00edveis, criando um clima favor\u00e1vel \u00e0 maior produtividade da empresa e para meu crescimento pessoal e profissional. ", " Falta de beneficios e sem crescimento para funcionarios, uma empresa de grande nome mas infelizmente esquece dos seus proprios funcionarios ", " Empresa \u00f3tima para trabalhar com grandes chances de crescimento profissional,dependendo de si pr\u00f3prio para crescer por cada funcion\u00e1rio trabalhar em seu ponto sozinho. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " uma empresa que te d\u00e1 oportunidade de aprender,beneficios,fretados,plr bom...uma empressa boa de trabalhar e os colegas s\u00e3o uma boa equipe ", " Samsung \u00e9 uma empresa multinacional, tive oportunidade de lidar com pessoas de outras origem EX: Coreanos , com diferentes costumes de vida, assim aprendendo lidar com as diferen\u00e7as. ", " A empresa oferece muitos recursos para o funcion\u00e1rio resolver os problemas di\u00e1rios da produ\u00e7\u00e3o.  Oportunidade de crescimento com planejamento de carreira para os colaboradores. ", " Comenzamos por realizar una revisi\u00f3n en el arranque de las lineas de producci\u00f3n y dar soporte en caso de problemas, ademas de revisar la calidad de los materiales antes del ensamble y tambi\u00e9n del producto final. Despu\u00e9s checar los nuevos modelos y comenzar con su desarrollo de los m\u00e9todos de ensamble para producci\u00f3n y para los proveedores as\u00ed como aprobar las partes mec\u00e1nicas de los productos. Auditar y dar soporte a los proveedores de las partes mec\u00e1nicas. ", " com dedica\u00e7\u00e3o podemos aprender muito,tamb\u00e9m aprendi varias \u00e1reas como manuten\u00e7\u00e3o ajudava na produ\u00e7\u00e3o trabalhava em qualquer \u00e1rea sem se importar o n\u00edvel se era t\u00e9cnico ou n\u00e3o ", " Se estaba en movimiento siempre, vendiendo y actualizandose cada dia mas en los electrodomesticos ", " Pessoas generosas por estarem trabalhando em uma igreja, por\u00e9m pouco profissionalismo ", " Buenos compa\u00f1eros Venta de productos Compa\u00f1eros excelentes Puntualidad con sus pagos ", " uan  excelente  compa\u00f1ia   en todos  los sentidos un  execelte clima  laboral, un  totla  respeto asi  el empleado ", " De gran satisfacci\u00f3n para mi de trabajar con na empresa tan grande por mucho tiempo gran aprendizaje en todas las actividades que realice durante mis ocho anos de permanencia  Con tanto tiempo no se le hace uno dif\u00edcil el trabajo la diferencia cuando cambiaban de gerente  adaptarse  a las nuevos cambios  Lo que mas me gusto es el tratar con muchas persona aprende uno mucho de ellos ", " Aprendi el area de mantenimiento y ajustador en linea de produccion ", " E uma empresa muito boa de trabalhar, os beneficios eram muito bons,um ambiente legal com pessoas aptas a realizarem os servi\u00e7os a parte que eu n\u00e3o gostava muito era o hor\u00e1rio que era no 2 turno pq tenho filhos e esse hor\u00e1rio nao me era muito vi\u00e1vel,a parte que eu mais gostava era a montagem dos celulares pois a cada dia aprendia novos desafios. ", " Empresa grande porte, organizada,bem direcionada,equipe comprometida,oferece suporte adequado a equipe quando solicitado. ", " El d\u00eda a d\u00eda estaba muy escrito, determinado en todos los sentidos. Esto hac\u00eda del trabajo algo muy rutinario y sin chispa.  Se aprenden muchas cosas al trabajar en una empresa de tal magnitud, l\u00e1stima que no pase de ciertas \u00e1reas.  En cuanto a direcci\u00f3n, es muy distante, el choque cultural es m\u00e1s que evidente.  La parte m\u00e1s dif\u00edcil es que se trata de un trabajo de escritorio, sedentario, lo cual es vagamente recompensado por salario y prestaciones. ", " - Buenos colegas de trabajo - Mucha presi\u00f3n la medici\u00f3n es semanal - Me gusta el aprender de las personas que llevan tiempo ", " Mi trabajo es entregar material (pallets) a los surtidores para que reempaquen el material y llevarlo a linea de produccion. Tirar scrap de materiales en los contenedores especiales e identificados. ", " Chegar na loja se apresentar e comprimentar gerentes e colega de trabalho.Depois conferir e limpar os produtos,fazer os relat\u00f3rios depois vender,vender e vender A ger\u00eancia eram \u00f3timos profissional competentes e muitos a disposi\u00e7\u00e3o para tirar nossas d\u00favidas Colegas de trabalhos muito amigos,ajudava muito quem tinha d\u00favida com algum produto A parte mais dif\u00edcil era fazer os relat\u00f3rio de planilha mas tinha bastante ajuda dos nossos superiores ", " Meu  dia come\u00e7ava com a verifica\u00e7\u00e3o do material pra linha de montagem para q n\u00e3o faltasse nada para o dia todo. E ai come\u00e7avam a informa\u00e7\u00f5es para os funcion\u00e1rios sobre metas e m\u00e9tricas sobre dias anteriores informando sobre qualidade. Aprendi a coordenar duas linhas de produ\u00e7\u00e3o no inicio e depois com mudan\u00e7as passaram apenas pra uma. Aprendi q  \u00e9 preciso ter a vis\u00e3o agu\u00e7ada para ver onde esta o gargalo de uma linha de montagem e para que possam ser resolvidos antes q termine o dia e tudo possa estar perdido. A gerencia era presente mas a dire\u00e7\u00e3o era coreana ent\u00e3o t\u00ednhamos poucos contatos. Meus colegas de trabalhos eram bem empenhados assim como eu era. A parte mais dif\u00edcil era a comunica\u00e7\u00e3o com os coreanos. E a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era quando eu  entregava o turno para o colega com a linha redonda sem nenhum problema era a minha maior vit\u00f3ria. ", " Atendendo os clientes fazendo o seus cadastros, Atendimento ao telefone, venda de acess\u00f3rios, recebimento de produtos e entrega. Aprendi a atender os clientes sempre com bom humor e sendo simp\u00e1tica, A gerencia e a dire\u00e7\u00e3o da empresa sempre sendo atenciosa.Os meus colegas de trabalho sempre sendo simp\u00e1ticos e atenciosos comigo acabei fazendo grandes amizades com os meus colegas de trabalho.A parte mais dif\u00edcil do meu trabalho era quando atrasava a entrega dos produtos para o cliente.A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel quando um cliente elogiava o meu trabalho e o meu bom atendimento com eles. ", " Achei maravilhoso trabalhar nesta empresa, pois e uma empresa muito organizada , fora os beneficios que sao muito bom para o funcionario. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Aprendi a ter agilidade e trabalhar em equipe. Um \u00f3timo conv\u00edvio com os colegas de trabalho e por parte da dire\u00e7\u00e3o e ger\u00eancia tamb\u00e9m. ", " Revisar correos para agendar actividades pendientes. Supervisar las lineas de producci\u00f3n de los proyectos que estoy encargado. Aprendi a aplicar mejora continua a\u00f1adiendo al proceso fixturas o herramientas que ayuden en esto. Mis colegas fueron bastante cooperativos durante las actividades laborales. La parte mas dificil del trabajo era cuando se reunia el scrap para reportarlo y tirarlo. Me gusto mucho de mi trabajo es que aprendia siempre de las nuevas tecnologias que les agregaban a las televisiones HDTV. ", " lo mas importante en el trabajo es desarrollar una buena relaci\u00f3n con vendedores para poder hacer  tu trabo mucho mas ligero , aprend\u00ed a llevar un orden en los inventarios tuve  unos  buen supervisor que  me  daba siempre mucho animo para trabajar   , lo mas dif\u00edcil era conocer  mi stock al detalle  , por que no manej\u00e1bamos un sistema propio , lo que mas me gusto fue  el orden y la disciplina para trabajar  y mucha capacitaci\u00f3n ", " El trabajo no era agotador f\u00edsicamente, aprend\u00ed mucho acerca de telefon\u00eda celular, y especificaciones t\u00e9cnicas de los equipos. ", " \u00f3tima filosofia de trabalho,ambiente limpo e organizado sempre cumpriu com as responsabilidades ", " bref un truc sympa qui peut ouvrir certaine porte quand on c'est que l'on viens du r\u00e9seau DUCRETET ", " aprender a reparar diferentes tipos de fallas la gerencia hace su trabaja como debe de ser  mis compa\u00f1eros excelentes personas cuando se nos llenaba la banda de defectos es reparar todas las fallas que se presentaban ", " Realiza\u00e7\u00f5es de tarefa, aprendi a ter alto controle emocional. Tive um bom relacionamento com meus colegas de trabalho,a parte dif\u00edcil foi tomada de decis\u00e3o e a mais agrad\u00e1vel foi a realiza\u00e7\u00e3o do objetivo. ", " en esta empresa nos daban la libertad de exprecion ya que era de modas y asi trabajamos muchos mejor y siembre est\u00e1bamos muy unidos ", " cambio la manera de ver el trabajo y cambio mi forma de pensar, me gusto mucho el ambiente aprendi a realizar auditorias asi como los diversos defectos  que puede tener una television ", " El trabajo era de lunes a viernes, ten\u00eda buena comunicaci\u00f3n con mis compa\u00f1eros en general me gustaban las actividades que realizaba porque me gusta lo pr\u00e1ctico. ", " es una de las empresas que me enseno a como desembolverme con los cliente y como saber asesorar sobre un producto ", " Siempre que estoy en una empresa doy lo mejor de mi no solo laboral mente sino tambi\u00e9n como persona que es muy importante, considerando que el trabajo en equipo es mejor en cuante se cree un buen ambiente labora. ", " A manufatura tem um ritmo acelerado, mas nada imposs\u00edvel de fazer ao final do turno; A ger\u00eancia e principalmente a diretoria deixa a desejar com rela\u00e7\u00e3o ao trato com os funcion\u00e1rios. ", " Uma boa empresa com atividades que me crescia pessoal Profissionalmente tarefas de vendas e e atendimento ao publico,administrativa,atividades que gosto de fazer. ", " o meu dia dia no trabalho era \u00f3timo t\u00ednhamos uma equipe boa que executava o trabalho bem. o que atrapalhava um pouco era os lideres que queria aparecer mais do que o trabalho querendo aproveitar de certas situa\u00e7\u00f5es aprendi muito troc\u00e1vamos varias experiencias durante os trabalhos. t\u00ednhamos colegas de trabalho muito profissionais e alegres que gostava e gosta do que esta fazendo. N\u00e3o tinha parte dif\u00edcil no trabalho pois faz\u00edamos com vontade era agrad\u00e1vel pois t\u00ednhamos alegria. ", " Empresa solida e em constante crescimento gra\u00e7as ao enorme desenvolvimento tecnol\u00f3gico dos seus produtos, uma das melhores ofertas no mercado atual. ", " Um dia bom de trabalho.  A Mexer com Correios,extoque,atendimento.. Gerentes sempre corretos. Colegas bons.,  Que n\u00e3o Conseguir terminar minhas tarefas pelo fato de pouco tempo de atuar as tarefas.  O bom que sempre aprendia algo novo mesmo sendo em t\u00e3o pouco tempo disponiv\u00e9l. ", " Buen ambiente de trabajo, sin prestaciones superiores a la ley y herramienta insuficiente para laborar. ", " Excelente ambiente para trabajar, uno se siente c\u00f3modo, se pueden entablar buenas conversaciones con compa\u00f1eros y con jefes para resolver dudas o inquietudes. Existe apoyo siempre, a\u00fan cometiendo errores. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Uma grande empresa multinacional, s\u00f3 que construir uma carreira muito dif\u00edcil, pelo fato de sempre trocar o comando. ", " Soy muy buen trabajador, tengo experiencia de la granja.Puedo trabajar en granjas de :cerdos, de vacas... Tengo coche propio si lo necesito en el trabajo puedo venir con el para si lo necesito. Soy de cerca de Manresa. ", " un dia en el trabajo era hacer el trabajo rapido y bien para no tener problemas con nadie, ", " Trabalho agrad\u00e1vel, com uma equipe unida, todos os dias eu tinha que organizar as lojas, limpar e positivar os produtos, abordar os clientes de uma maneira diferenciada... A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era poder ajudar os vendedores e ser reconhecido por isso... Acredito que n\u00e3o exista uma parte \"dif\u00edcil\" nesse cargo... ", " Trabalho diretamente com o gerente e chefe e n\u00e3o h\u00e1 dificuldade de relacionamento apesar de serem de cultura diferente, eles tem muito conhecimento e sempre disposto a ensinar novos m\u00e9todos a quem estar disposto a aprender, entrei nesta empresa para exercer uma fun\u00e7\u00e3o diferente do que estava habituada e isso me proporcionou muitas oportunidades. Agora estou em busca de uma oportunidade em uma empresa seria e de grande potencial, para que possa dispor de minhas habilidades e contribuir para o crescimento . ", " El d\u00eda comenzaba a las 9hs, intenso con muy buen ritmo de trabajo. Se terminaba a las 19hs con una hora de almuerzo. En la empresa se da la oportunidad de aprender constantemente, idioma, diferentes sistemas de trabajo. La direcci\u00f3n tiene los objetivos claros.   Con los colegas se crea un grato ambiente de trabajo.  Lo que mas me  gust\u00f3 fue dirigir un gran grupo de trabajo para cumplir los objetivos que se nos encomend\u00f3. ", " Trabajar en Samsung, fue una tremenda experiencia, mis equipo de trabajo fue incre\u00edble un equipo solido, por parte de la gerencia nunca tuve mucho contacto, est\u00e1n bastante ocupados. y lo que mas me gusto fue poder trabajar siempre en contacto con la gente la relaci\u00f3n interpersonal fue lo mejor ", " Korelilerle \u00e7al\u0131\u015fmak \u00e7ok zordur. K\u00fclt\u00fcrleri ve ya\u015fam tarzlar\u0131 s\u00fcrekli stres \u00fcretir. Onlarla ba\u015f edebilmek i\u00e7in s\u00fcrekli strese ba\u011fl\u0131 (mide, hemoroit, di\u015f \u00e7\u00fcr\u00fcmesi) hastal\u0131klar\u0131 ge\u00e7irirsiniz. Marka \u00e7ok motive edici olsa da, amat\u00f6r y\u00f6netim anlay\u0131\u015f\u0131yla, katlan\u0131lmas\u0131 \u00e7ok zor bir ortamd\u0131r. ", " eres re.emplazable entodo momento, no eres una persona eres una maquina ", " \u0421\u0440\u0435\u0434\u043d\u0435\u0441\u0442\u0430\u0442\u0438\u0441\u0442\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0441\u043a\u043e\u0435 \u0440\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043a\u043e\u0435 \u0440\u0435\u043a\u043b\u0430\u043c\u043d\u043e\u0435 \u0430\u0433\u0435\u043d\u0442\u0441\u0442\u0432\u043e. \u041e\u0441\u043d\u043e\u0432\u043d\u043e\u0435 \u0442\u0440\u0435\u0431\u043e\u0432\u0430\u043d\u0438\u0435 - \u0432\u044b\u043f\u043e\u043b\u043d\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0435 \u043f\u043b\u0430\u043d\u0430 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0434\u0430\u0436 \u043d\u043e\u0441\u0438\u0442\u0435\u043b\u044f, \u043a\u043e\u0442\u043e\u0440\u044b\u0439 \u043c\u0430\u043b\u043e\u0438\u0437\u0432\u0435\u0441\u0442\u0435\u043d \u043d\u0430 \u0440\u044b\u043d\u043a\u0435 \u0440\u0435\u043a\u043b\u0430\u043c\u044b. ", " um lugar bom para se trabalhar,aprender muito como montar,inspecionar e embalar, tive muitas amizades pessoas legais. ", " Samsung Electronics es una empresa que tiene muy buen reconocimiento y posicionamiento y da a sus empleados muy buena estabilidad y capacitaci\u00f3n de ultima tecnolog\u00eda ", " Crescimento vertiginoso, muita velocidade de decis\u00e3o, cultura asiatica, produtos de alta qualidade ", " Buen ambiente de trabajo Buen trabajo en equipo Trabajo duro ", " A empresa oferece boas condicoes de trabalho,com convenios,refeicao e participacao nos lucros. Por ser uma empresa multinacional e de boa imagem abre as portas de emprego. ", " Trabalho de rotina nas pr\u00e1ticas da minha fun\u00e7\u00e3o. Melhorei minha rela\u00e7\u00e3o interpessoal e a din\u00e2mica no processo produtivo. \u00d3tima rela\u00e7\u00e3o com os colegas de setor e fun\u00e7\u00e3o. Mais dif\u00edcil na fun\u00e7\u00e3o era o esfor\u00e7o f\u00edsico. A mais agrad\u00e1vel era o incentivo por parte da empresa para com os funcion\u00e1rios. ", " Um trabalho bom para desenvolver sua habilidades, aprendi muito a trabalhar com promo\u00e7\u00e3o na vivo, como lidar com clientes reclama\u00e7\u00f5es e relat\u00f3rios. sempre dando aten\u00e7\u00e3o aos seus amigos de trabalho, caso ele precisem de alguma ajuda, a parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho \u00e9 satisfazer o clientes. a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel \u00e9 quando voce consegue agradar o cliente com seu trabalho. ", " Lo que mejor me parece de este trabajo es que te relacionas con todo tipo de gente y te formas socialmente, la informacion que puedas compartir te abre nuevas puertas y llega a ser gratificante para tu desarrollo profesional y personal.  Lo lamentable es que puede ser bulnerable la temporada en la que estes y no se desplazen los productos como tu quieras, ademas de los clientes dificiles, pero de eso todo esta perfecto. ", " Os dias de trabalho eram corridos mais de muito aprendizado. Todos os dias vivenci\u00e1vamos novas experi\u00eancias, novos desafios,  procur\u00e1vamos trabalhar em equipe um dando suporte ao outro quando precisava. A parte dif\u00edcil do trabalho era quando ocorria algum problema no processo e a mais agrad\u00e1vel era quando termin\u00e1vamos a jornada de trabalho com sucesso. Trabalhar na Samsung foi uma escola de muito aprendizado. ", " aprendi a trabalhar mais em grupo para nosso trabalho ser mais agiu e ter mais qualidade. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " aprendi mucho en el area tecnica  gerencia muy buena  compa\u00f1erismo agradable  laparte dificil es cuando piden que vallamos tiempo extra me gusto que la empresa brinda demaciado apoyo a los colaboradores ", " super buena hempresa exelente salario  buen ambiente laboral  buen trato de personal ", " \u00e1 empresa fornece um ambiente agrad\u00e1vel de trabalho onde o analista tem treinamentos constantes para melhor atendimento e atualizar conhecimento o que falta \u00e9 mais promo\u00e7\u00e3o para \u00f3timos profissionais que precisa aguardar muito tempo para mudar de cargo. ", " El trabajo que me ofrece eventualmente Samsung es bueno ya que en cada evento en el que participo la paga es muy buena para unas cuantas horas de Trabajo. ", " Muitas mudan\u00e7as em curto espa\u00e7o de tempo, grandes desafios para realiza\u00e7\u00f5es de tarefas, colaboradores comprometidos com o trabalho e apoio da ger\u00eancia local na resolu\u00e7\u00e3o de conflitos. ", " A Samsung \u00e9 uma empresa que d\u00e1 todo o suporte para que o funcion\u00e1rio fa\u00e7a um bom trabalho. ", " buena organizacion mejora continua buena combibencia laboral ", " Consultar e mails relacionados ao trabalho, Verificar a eficacia de equipamentos utilizados na fabrica\u00e7\u00e3o do produto. Ver planilhas diarias de principais problemas e falhas processo por processo e propor melhorias. Trabalhar em equipe, uma parte dificil e ter treinamentos em coreano com tradu\u00e7\u00e3o e todas as partes do trabalho s\u00e3o agradaveis . ", " Un lugar muy productivo en elcual aprendez y ases notar tu rapidez ", " Llegas prendes tu pc, empiezas a generar ordenes de produccion, a tolerar la precion de tus jefes, exigente, recta, compa\u00f1eros de trabajo, fue soportar los gritos de los coreanos, que tienes futuro de crecimiento a corto plazo. ", " Na  samsung   encontrei  um  lugar  bom para  trabalhar  com  possibilidades de  crescer, a  gerencia  e feita  por pessoas  preparadas para trabalhar  com pessoas ", " Um Ambiente com grandes oportunidades de crescer la dentro, uma Experiencia muito boa ,pessoa muito boas que tornava um ambiente ", " Un d\u00eda en samsung era cansado, aprend\u00ed demasiadas cosas de reportes diferentes etc.. El gerente era un poco de car\u00e1cter fuerte, mis colegas eran muy amables y siempre me apoyaban en todo, la parte mas dif\u00edcil de mi trabajo era cuando hab\u00eda auditoria y tenias que sacar reportes de a\u00f1os atr\u00e1s y hacer una valoraci\u00f3n, lo que mas me gusto de samsung era que siempre el trabajo era en equipo. ", " Un d\u00eda de trabajo en la tienda era llegar encender todos los equipos limpiar y estar pendiente en abordar los clientes para concretar una venta.  Normalmente todos los d\u00edas nos encontramos dispuestos a aprender mas no solo de nuestro producto sino tambien el de la competencia para as\u00ed poder resaltar el nuestro sin perjudicar el de la otra empresa.  la agencia  con la que trabaje es mampower hay  labore con las dos empresas dicha agencia quede en el centro comercial villacentro  local 101  Con mis compa\u00f1eros de empresa y de la competencia y los de planta de las cadenas la relaci\u00f3n siempre a sido muy amena.  La parte mas dif\u00edcil es cuando ten\u00edamos falta de mercanc\u00eda ya que el prop\u00f3sito  es cumplir las metas que nos colocan para as\u00ed tener un  mejor sueldo.  Realmente me gusta mucho el ambiente de las ventas poder socializar con las compa\u00f1eros y clientes y ayudarlos a obtener el producto que necesitan. ", " excelente ambiente laboral dinamica y reconocida,excelente paga ", " Din\u00e2mica e com um \u00f3timo clima organizacional, treinamentos necess\u00e1rios para o atendimento ao cliente. ", " Gostei muito de trabalhar em uma empresa e sai por que nossa equipe foi remanejada para goi\u00e2nia e na \u00e9poca n\u00e3o tinha disponibilidade de ir para l\u00e1 ", " Uma empresa muita din\u00e2mica que cresce muito, tamb\u00e9m aprendi muito nessa empresa e agrade\u00e7o a todos pela grande experi\u00eancia. ", " O trabalho em si, n\u00e3o era complicado, na medida em que conhecia o sistema a forma em que a empresa trabalhava. Trabalhei 6 horas por dia, portanto, o contato com colegas fora das \"P.A.S\" n\u00e3o era t\u00e3o comum no entanto no momento do trabalho sempre ajud\u00e1vamos uns aos outros, naquilo que um era melhor procurando auxiliar o outro.  Com rela\u00e7\u00e3o a ger\u00eancia, n\u00e3o havia tanto contato, s\u00f3 sab\u00edamos que a empresa trabalhava bem, ent\u00e3o era porque tinha uma boa administra\u00e7\u00e3o. A parte dif\u00edcil pra mim foi com rela\u00e7\u00e3o \u00e1 hor\u00e1rio mesmo, n\u00e3o consegui conciliar com a faculdade.  A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel, era o ambiente da empresa, procuravam sempre dar treinamento para melhor desempenho, ent\u00e3o voc\u00ea acabava sendo um bom funcion\u00e1rio, pois havia uma boa parceria entre a empresa e funcion\u00e1rios. ", " um lugar muito bom de trabalhar s\u00f3 que de pouca oportunidade de crescimento "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " el dia inicia con la recepcion de reportes de trabajo del turno nocturno y la evaluacion de los problemas de calidad de las diferentes areas y la designacion del personal calificado para la solucion de los mismos, ambiente siempre retador. por la naturaleza del trabajo de produccion en masa de productos electronicos los problemas se deben de resolver en el minimo tiempo posible, lo cual me ense\u00f1o a utilizar y crear los recursos para la solucion de los mismos. la gerencia siempre fue muy abierta a las ideas de sus empleados para la solucion de problemas y el mejoramiento del proceso de produccion. lo mejor que considero de trabajar en esta empresa es que siempre esta preocupada por la mejor capacitacion y el bienestar general de sus empleados. ", " peux d\u2019\u00e9change avec les collaborateur,  beaucoup d\u2019\u00e9change client, ce qui me correspond. je suis autonome sur le terrain  Le plus difficile atteindre le chiffre d'affaire qui est fix\u00e9 ", " Une journ\u00e9e de travail typique a \u00e9t\u00e9 la coordination d\u2019une \u00e9quipe de 24 patineurs dans la foire d'expositions et assurer la distribution de publicit\u00e9 aux clients. Mes collaborateurs ont \u00e9t\u00e9 toujours amicaux et professionnelles. L'aspect plus agr\u00e9able a \u00e9t\u00e9 la confiance qui les employeurs m'ont donn\u00e9 pour me motiver e faire un bon travail. ", " Un d\u00eda en t\u00edpico en Samsung exige una alta concentraci\u00f3n, enfoque, disciplina y seguimiento. Reforc\u00e9 \u00e1reas clave del liderazgo como atenci\u00f3n al detalle, a ver los negocios de manera integral, construcci\u00f3n relaciones de confianza con los clientes. La direcci\u00f3n y la gerencia manejan un estilo de liderazgo basado en el seguimiento y el estricto cumplimiento de indicadores de gesti\u00f3n . Los colegas a cargo de las otras direcciones son profesionales capaces de lograr que las cosas pasen. La parte m\u00e1s dif\u00edcil de trabajar en esta compa\u00f1\u00eda fue entender y convivir con la cultura organizacional. Lo que m\u00e1s me gust\u00f3 fue haber liderado un equipo de trabajo con alto compromiso y orientado al cumplimiento de objetivos. ", " Une journ\u00e9e type inclus 5 visites de points de ventes. Le but est de maximiser la visibilit\u00e9 gr\u00e2ce aux outils mis \u00e0 notre disposition ( PLV, produits de d\u00e9mo, ODR...). Former les vendeurs aux nouveaux porduits.  Veille concurentielle: remonter toutes les informations des concurrents ( offres promotionnelles, op\u00e9rations catalogue, ventes flash, visibilit\u00e9...) ", " dia t\u00edpico muita presao e correria aprende a ganhar mais agilidade diretors sempre na fabria so observando,alguns colegas bom ,parte deificio e trabalha sobre press\u00e3o dos lideres...h\u00e1 e agrad\u00e1vel sempre. ", " investe na qualifica\u00e7\u00e3o do colaboradores, possui planos de cargos e salarios ", " 6 winkels per dag bezoeken. Trainen van winkels met betrekking op product kennis. Relatie beheer. Informeren met betrekking op acties/ promoties. Technische vragen beantwoorden. ", " aprendo de tudo um pouco na loja em que trabaho poremnao tem muitas oportunidades de crescimento ", " Bem receptiva com novos funcion\u00e1rios e trabalho de qualidade visando sempre o bem estar dos colaboradores. Aprendi muito na \u00e1rea que exerci. Meu gerente e supervisor sempre com \u00f3timos feedback. A parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho era o calor da sala onde trabalhava, pois as vezes o ar condicionado n\u00e3o dava muito conta. A parte agrad\u00e1vel eram os amigos e trabalho em grupo. ", " Llego a mi tienda asignada,saludo a mis compa\u00f1eros vendedores de piso y al gerente,empiezo a limpiar mi producto. Checo existencias y promociones que ofrece la tienda,reviso el producto que no este en mal estado y acomodo exhibici\u00f3n en lugares preferenciales previamente negociados,en caso de encontrar producto da\u00f1ado levanto un reporte a centro de servicio para su pronta reparaci\u00f3n. Cuando llega los clientes a piso de venta los abordo dandoles bienvenida y presentandome. Les informo sobre las promociones vigentes de la cadena e investigo la necesidad del producto que andan buscando (lavadora,refrigerador,horno,estufa,etc) Posteriormente le muestro mi producto al cliente demostrandole caracteristicas,ventajas y beneficios. Manejo las objeciones que pueda tener el cliente,superando eso cierro la venta investigando la forma de pago y la promocion que pueda ofrecerle(15 % de descuento en pago con efectivo,12 meses sin intereses o descuento especial en mercancia unica o descontinuada,etc.) al pagar el cliente le agradezco su compra y le indico los numeros de servicio tecnico para instalaci\u00f3n o posibles fallas,ademas le invito a regresar para una segunda compra,ejemplo: si compro una lavadora le invito a que compre proximamente una secadora. Los dias lunes tengo junta en la cual vemos pendientes de inventarios,generamos nuevas estrategias de venta,faltantes de material publicitario como p.o.p. cubrimiento de coutas y nuevos lanzamientos de producto y campa\u00f1as vigentes. Me gusta. que tengo curso despues de la junta donde aprendo habilidades de venta e informaci\u00f3n de nuevos productos ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> y tecnolog\u00edas me gusta aprender dia con dia el curso de habilidades de venta me ha ayudado a incrementar mi nivel de venta y crecimiento personal. La parte mas dificil del trabajo es salir fuera a cubrir una expo(a veces hasta 22 dias) Aunque se aprende mucho en otras latitudes. Mi jefes son estrictos en la puntualidad y en nuestras responsabilidades como: Manejo de tienda,envio de reportes,cubrimiento de ventas,exhibiciones,visitas a la plataforma en linea. Mis colegas y yo tenemos una gran fraternidad nos ayudamos en lo que podemos y si necesitamos trabajar en equipo tratamos de conseguir el objetivo comun. La parte que mas me disgusta es que por falta de apoyo log\u00edstico no se pueda llegar a la cuota y a la hora de cobrar no se perciba la cantidad esperada. ", " trabajar en esta empresa seria bueno porque estaria prestando mi servicio a una compania reconocida mundialmente que me seria reconocido en proximas entrevistas a futuro! ", " En un d\u00eda t\u00edpico de trabajo, estoy en contacto desde temprano con el personal que est\u00e1 a mi cargo para revisar el plan de trabajo, informaci\u00f3n y materiales a utilizar para cumplir el plan de producci\u00f3n.  Me pongo en contacto con control de materiales para tener todo cubierto y evitar tiempos muertos en la l\u00ednea de producci\u00f3n. Es complicado tener todo al 100% para lograr cumplir la meta, pero es parte del trabajo y siempre busco la manera de conseguirlo ya que es parte de mi responsabilidad. ", " aprendi a conviver com pessoas diferentes,aprender com elas,trabalhar em equipe sempre respeitando o proximo. preparados para liderar,a parte mais dificil vencer as minhas proprias metas dentro da empresa,a parte mais agradavel tudo pra mi. ", " buen ambiente te ense\u00f1an todo pero ay veses en que la produccion no resulta y no te dan el descanso ala hora que deve ser. ", " Agrad\u00e1vel, pois aprendemos a trabalhar, e se preparar para o mercado de trabalho...... ", " Nessa periodo eu tive a oportunidade de conhece e ter acesso a produtos onde eu nunca tivera antes,a prende a manusea-los com habilidade e destreza. ", " Empresa de ambiente bom para se trabalhar,aprendi a trabalhar com maquina cnc,ger\u00eancia muito atenciosa com seus funcion\u00e1rios,colegas de trabalho comprometidos com seus trabalhos e por isso n\u00e3o brinc\u00e3o em servi\u00e7o,muito companheiros,a parte mais dificil foi se adaptar em ter que trabalhar em varias maquinas diferente,por\u00e9m quando aprendido a fun\u00e7\u00e3o voc\u00ea se sente muito bem porque a empresa da a oportunidade de aprender varias fun\u00e7\u00f5es. ", " Tenho interesse em atuar em uma outra empresa, o horario nao deixa com que eu estude . ", " Un dia normal de travajo llegar alas 7am. aser el arranque de maquinaria mandar 2 piezas de inicio sersiorame que el producto es el adecuado al plan de travajo y que no contenga defectos, asegurarme que todos los operradores tengan equipo de proteccion personal e uniforme,tomar la asistencia de todo el personal y si faltara alguno cubrir el lugar para realisar el arranque de linea,abastesimiento de materiales alos operadores para evitar paros de linea y ajuste de maquinaria si se llegara a presentar un problema o defecto,estar pendiente al plan de travajo para realizar los cambios de modelo o color.  Aprendi a travajar en equipo y bajo mucha presion y a realizar el travajo con sentido de urgensia y responsavilidad ademas de seguridad,tener el sentido de inovaccion continua y mejorar el travajo.  La direccion era algo ni muy bueno ni muy malo,solo con un peque\u00f1o detalle que cuando realizabas una inovaccion o una mejora no lo reconosian pero el trato era muy bueno, los compa\u00f1eros de travajo son responsables y partisipativos ademas de preocuparse por el plan de produccion y mantener su area limpia y ordenada.  La parte mas difisil del travajo era cuando llegaban nuevos proyectos y realizar todos los ajustes nesesarios para realizar el arranque de la nueva linea ademas de la comunicaccion con los coreanos,y que avia dias que tenias q travajar hasta 14 horas.  Lo que mas me gusto del travajo fue que la empresa te da muchas fasilidades de aprendisaje y opurtunidades de creser y superarte entre otras oportunidades para seguir estudiando y obtener un buen conosimiento sobre ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> la maquinaria para su manejo. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Samsung es una empresa lider en consumo electronico y otras areas con un crecimiento exponencial, de gran aprendizaje, retos personales. ", " me gustaba el sueldo muy cumplidos y me gustaba que los insentivos son las comisiones.  aprendi mucho sobre tecnologia basado mucho en tv y toda la linea marron y tambien linea blanca las tecnologias de los productos,  aprendi que a los clientes les debo mostrar primero el beneficio y luego las caracteristicas del producto que ellos quieren. ", " Una firma de clase mundial, con altos estandares de calidad, por eso todas las actividades son requeridas en cuestion de rapidez, ambiente un poco estresante, pero tiene buen servicio de comedor, gym y otros servicios muy buenos para los empleados. en general es muy buena empresa pero se vive mucho estres y cansancio, pero aprendes mucho. ", " Era agradavel, de facil relacionamento, historias de vida contadas por minhas colegas. Minha chefe era exemplo de supera\u00e7\u00e3o, obstinada, perspicaz e muito profissional. O dif\u00edcil de toda  empresas s\u00e3o falsas amizades, os de car\u00e1ter duvidoso e sem pudor, caso seja obstinado isso s\u00f3 te servira como degraus para subir na vida.  As boas amizades, pessoas gentis que jamais iram se apagar de sua vida pela conviv\u00eancia no ambiente de trabalho, uma segunda fam\u00edlia, isso resumiria a parte agrad\u00e1vel do trabalho. ", " Atendimento ao cliente, funcionarios unidos, porem cada um na sua area de trabalho. ", " A empresa \u00e9 \u00fanica no que diz respeito a tecnologia de ponta, por\u00e9m oferece uma carga de cobran\u00e7as bastante desproporcional e com vivencia costumeira de assedio moral de coreanos, com cobran\u00e7as imposs\u00edveis de serem cumpridas devido ao contumaz crit\u00e9rio de sempre reduzir custos , inclusive no que \u00e9 indispens\u00e1vel. Em contrapartida \u00e9 uma empresa que fornece excelentes ganhos salariais. ", " es muy buena para la gente que no le gusta crecer despu\u00e9s de tanto tiempo  no tienes otra opci\u00f3n que salirte de alli ", " Es una buena empresa.. hay un buen ambiente de trabajo las personas son amables. ", " Giornate di lavoro molto lunghe, spesso lavorando nei weekend, buona gestione del proprio lavoro. Considero la parte pi\u00f9 piacevole di questo lavoro la conoscenza di molte persone, colleghi e non, quindi molto stimolante. ", " Um Lugar Agrad\u00e1vel , onde  o aprendemos  todos dias algo novo em qualquer \u00e1rea, onde os colegas s\u00e3o todos maravilhosos  e n\u00e3o tem inveja e ningu\u00e9m que derruba ningu\u00e9m . mais oque precisa mudar e a dire\u00e7\u00e3o aqui em porto velho. muito despreparados para o cargo infelizmente. essa e a parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho. e a mais agrad\u00e1vel e ser reconhecido pelo trabalho.E Fui muito bem reconhecido e s\u00f3 tenho agradecer . Mais Doa ajeito que esta no momento e Dif\u00edcil a conviv\u00eancia e por esse motivos quero algo melhor. e vou conseguir. ", " Disfrutaba mucho trabajando all\u00ed, es una empresa de la que siempre tendr\u00e9 un gran recuerdo.  Llegaba temprano al trabajo para tener tiempo de relacionarme con mis compa\u00f1eros y tomar un caf\u00e9 antes de empezar a trabajar. El ambiente laboral era muy agradable y divertido.  Aprend\u00ed mucho de la contrucci\u00f3n y fabricaci\u00f3n de videos y televisores.  La relaci\u00f3n con los mandos intermedios era muy buena, se dirigian a nosotros con respeto y amabilidad.  Los mandos superiores eran cercanos y accesibles.  No recuerdo nada que fuera dif\u00edcil, nos formaban adecuadamente y t todo estaba muy organizado.  Lo que mas me gust\u00f3 del trabajo fu\u00e9 el compa\u00f1erismo que habia. ", " Se trabaja en un ambiente bueno  Aprend\u00ed congeniar con los coreanos  La gerencia en mi \u00e1rea fue muy rotativa , pero siempre organizaban actividades de esparcimiento comidas , futbol , fiesta de fin de a\u00f1o , etc. Nuca tube problemas con mis compa\u00f1eros de trabajo   Siempre era dif\u00edcil dar gusto a mas de un jefe ala vez  Lo que mas me gusto fueron las oportunidades de desarrollo que me brindaron ", " Tudo oque aprendi levarei como bom aprendizado com pessoas que tem paci\u00eancia,e boa vontade,boa administra\u00e7\u00e3o e amizades verdadeiras... ", " Aprendi a tener una conducta de trabajo , basado en la responsabilidad y la perseverancia . ", " junta al inicio de turno reparto equipo de seguridad (guantes, mascarillas, mangas termicas y lentes de seguridad ) revisar si hay alg\u00fan retardo o falta de personal con mis superiores cubrir la operaci\u00f3n faltante en lo que mandan apoyo de otras \u00e1reas o balancear con los mismos elementos en linea checar, contar y surtir materiales para producci\u00f3n, apoyar en cualquier tarea signada por mi superior asi como hacer mejoras en PRO -3M, 3-R's y 5's y entregar el turno al grupo siguiente a mi contra parte reportando  desperfectos en linea  y paros generados ", " os colega de trabalho, direcao,tem muita coisa agradavel  aprede tudo que tem no setor de trabalho ", " Adorei trabalhar na Empresa Samsung pois aprendi muito e tive um bom sal\u00e1rio e bons benef\u00edcios.  O ambiente era agrad\u00e1vel e motivante. ", " A empresa \u00e9 uma das melhores multinacionais e muito desejada pela sociedade,agrade\u00e7o \u00e0 todos desta empresa pelo tempo de conv\u00edvio,ensinamentos e experi\u00eancias vividas. ", " Compa\u00f1ia lider en productos y relacionamientos con canales de Retail. Ser constante y planificado son prioridad para lograr un buen desempe\u00f1o en esta compa\u00f1ia ", " Actually, I was teaching Japanese to Sales Officials in Samsung Trading company. I learned from this job that how much the company invests their people and it actually makes company growing. This company manages their system efficiently and speedy. I did not any difficulty except preparing teaching because my students were so brilliant. The most enjoyable thing of this job was build up warm relationship with  students and the students were having better and better Japanese knowledge. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Es una buena multinacional que ofrece oportunidades de crecimiento en la organizacion, lamentablemente exige la mayor parte de tu tiempo y pierdes el equilibrio entre vida laboral y vida personal. ", " Durante el tiempo que permanec\u00ed en la empresa , me di cuenta que desde que iniciaba el d\u00eda hasta que terminaba el turno el ambiente de trabajo con mis compa\u00f1eros era muy cordial ya que nos apoy\u00e1bamos unos a los otros , aprend\u00ed que ante todo una persona debe tener humildad para realizar cualquier tipo de trabajo aunque estaba en un almac\u00e9n de cadena los lazos de amistad y de compa\u00f1erismo son fuertes . La parte mas dificil del trabajo es que fueron los horarios ya que  eran intermedio y no tenia la oportunidad de realizar mas cosas como estudiar estar con mi hija . Lo que mas me gusto fue definitivamente el compa\u00f1erismo ente el grupo de trabajo . ", " Somente produ\u00e7\u00e3o cada um no seu lugar; aprendi a trabalhar mais com metas estabelecidas e a ter mais foco no trabalho por que l\u00e1 \u00e9 r\u00edgido quanto \u00e0 isso; todos s\u00e3o amigos desde as pessoas da limpeza at\u00e9 os l\u00edderes, coordenadores, etc; o mais dif\u00edcil era ficar o tempo todo no mesmo lugar, cada um tinha seu ligar exato e a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era a uni\u00e3o como que se fosse uma fam\u00edlia, todos eram livres para opinar sobra algo que acha necess\u00e1rio e ou melhor tanto para empresa quanto para funcion\u00e1rios. ", " aprend\u00ed en este trabajo a relacionarme mas con las personas a tratar diferentes clases de cliente y a saber resolver dudas inquietudes y a clientes enojados y a clientes muy agradables. a crear relaciones con todo tipo de personas ya que trabajaba en un supermercado de cadena en el cual llega todo tipo de cliente. a  trabajar en equipo y a conocer mucho acerca de la tecnolog\u00eda y aparatos electr\u00f3nicos. el ambiente laboral es muy bueno se trabaja en compa\u00f1erismo y en conjunto para lograr los objetivos no solo los de la compa\u00f1\u00eda para la cual fui contratada sino tambi\u00e9n para la compa\u00f1\u00eda en la cual presto mis servicios como promotora en este caso el almac\u00e9n de cadena. me gusta este trabajo y no tengo ninguna parte mala de el estoy muy agradecida por las oportunidades que me dio Samsung Electronics de empleo y de aprendizaje. ", " En samsung se toma mas en cuenta la produccion que el factor humano que ofrece una estavilidad economica un poco baja auque constante ", " Empresa oferece bons beneficios e nao conten muitos descontos,aprendir a ter mais agilidade,saber trabalhar em grupo,saber escutar outras pessoas,ajudar. ", " tiene un buen ambiente de trabajo cuenta con muchas prestaciones  tiene guarderia su seguro social en la empresa cuenta contransporte para mi en particular tiene todo lo que deseamos  se trabaja comodamente  te ayudan y te danbuen entrenamiento  para mi todode la empresa me gusto ", " Oportunidade de conviv\u00eancia com pessoas de outras culturas ", " cada celebraci\u00f3n nos hac\u00edan alguna comida especial, aprend\u00ed que si haces tu trabajo con buena actitud todo sale bien, mis compa\u00f1eros de trabajo son muy sociables lo que hacia esto que fuera mas agradable el ambiente de trabajo. ", " Aprendi muito nessa empresa. Tive oportunidade de aprimorar meus conhecimentos na \u00e1rea e acesso a cursos. Clima cordial,claro que com seus problemas diarios,mais agradav\u00e9l entre colegas. Oportunidade de crescimento profissional,cursos. ", " Rotina tranquila , trabalho em equipe , a parte mais dificil era se sobrecarregar de tarefas dos outros e o mais bacana era ver a satisfa\u00e7\u00e3o do trabalho concluido. ", " Codification des factures, saisies des factures fournisseurs, saisies des \u00e9critures bancaires. Participation aux cl\u00f4tures mensuelles ", " \u0412\u0441\u0435 \u0445\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0448\u043e \u043d\u043e \u0442\u043a \u0445\u043e\u0437\u044f\u0438\u043d \u0442\u043e\u0442 \u0436\u0435 \u0442\u043e \u0438 \u0437\u0430\u0440\u043f\u043b\u0430\u0442\u0430 \u0442\u0430 \u0436\u0435 10000 \u0442\u044b\u0441 \u0440\u0443\u0431 !!! \u0410 \u0442\u0430\u043a \u043a\u043e\u043b\u043b\u0435\u043a\u0442\u0438\u0432 \u0445\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0448\u0438\u0439,\u043d\u0430\u0447\u0430\u043b\u044c\u0441\u0442\u0432\u043e \u043d\u0435 \u043d\u0430\u043f\u0440\u044f\u0433\u0430\u0435\u0442 \u043b\u0438\u0448\u043d\u0438\u043c! ", " Una empresa sobre la cual el trabajo bajo presion es persistente ya que trabajamos en base a un programa de trabajo y de logro de objetivos donde la calidad y disponibilidad es permanente asi como la mejora continua de sus empleados ", " Uma empresa com muitos beneficios com pessoas treinadas e agradaveis. ", " Supervisionar andamento do almo\u00e7o e finaliza\u00e7ao do desjejum e pre preparo das refei\u00e7oes seguintes. A importancia de acompanhamento continuo para resultados seguros e certos na seguran\u00e7a alimenta seja em que ambito for de uma empresa de alimenta\u00e7ao. Exigente com relatorios, lenta na praticidade e execu\u00e7ao dos servi\u00e7os devido grande numero de chefes at\u00e8 objetivo final. Demonstrar que tao importante quanto relatorios diarios \u00e8 a constante supervisao e acompanhamento do servi\u00e7o de alimenta\u00e7ao como um todo por um profissional qualificado e experiente. Os resultados sendo reconhecidos pelos usuarios dos restaurantes dia a p\u00f2s dia. ", " Aprendi muito com a Samsung, consegui aperfei\u00e7oar meu Excel, consegui aprender a mexer no SAP, meu curr\u00edculo ficou bem valorizado pois consegui crescer dentro da empresa. ", " uma empresa muito boa de trabalha,que da muita oportunidade para seus colaboradores ", " Uma empresa que agrega grandes valores Organizacionais , onde pude me destacar e obter conhecimentos em toda area de producao  em todas as linhas   aprendi tudo que e nescessario para  ser um gerente de producao e  aprendi a  trazer solucoes  e nao  encontrar os problemas . pena que unica coisa que nao vou poder guarda sao pessoas  que nao eram preparadas par um cargo ou nao trabalhavam a cultura da empresa, e que usam de seu cargo para prejudicar outras pessoas como  aconteceu  comigo, mais isso  e eles e deus ...  mais a empresa  obtem um grande ambiente de trabalho so lamento que meus conhecimentos nao  sao mais utilizados  naquele lugar  so tenho a desejar sorte  a ela ..... ", " Empresa que tem muito a oferecer a quem deseja aprender, viagens internacionais, "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Es una empresa que te brinda una estabilidad laboral , el ambiente es excelente, los jefes o superiores son personas que te brindan un buen trato, y te brindan oportunidades de escalar, ", " Llegar a la tienda revisar q todos tus productos est\u00e9n en orden y limpios bien exhibidos  con los precios y ofertas correctas cuento con un colega como promotor de audio en samsung la parte mas dif\u00edcil es cuando tenemos q dar un buen orden al almac\u00e9n ", " gostava muito do que fazia . controlava material. uma empresa muito dinamica e seriaa ", " me gusta mucho en general todo el trabajo como vendedora ya que estoy acostumbrada a tratar de cara al publico ,tanto aconsejar como la venta en caja y poder ayudar as\u00ed al cliente para mi un d\u00eda como vendedora es muy llevadero ya que me encanta mi trabajo ", " Le travail consiste \u00e0 faire la d\u00e9monstration des nouveaux produits, et de montrer aux clients les avantages des nouveaux produits. ", " Rotinas:  Na chegada do Trabalho primeira mente limpeza dos produtos, Atendimento imediato ao cliente, mudan\u00e7a de espa\u00e7os troca de produtos, exposi\u00e7\u00e3o de produtos e envio de relat\u00f3rios do dia.   Aprendizagem ater comprometimento, Foco, Responsabilidade e Dedica\u00e7\u00e3o total.  Os Supervisores, Sempre dispon\u00edvel para qual quer problema que ocorria durante o hor\u00e1rio de expediente.  Colegas de Trabalho, Uni\u00e3o total sempre est\u00e3o dispostos quando precisa de ajuda.  Foi conquistar um Espa\u00e7o onde nenhuma marca conseguir um espa\u00e7o onde era imposs\u00edvel de se ter.  Dia-dia com pessoas, Cada dia encontrando as mesmas pessoas do trabalho e clientes, Foi um aprendizado cada dia aprendendo mais com elas. ", " um bom ambiente de trabalho , \u00f3timos benef\u00edcios , \u00f3timo sal\u00e1rio. ", " Gostava muito de trabalhar  Eu aprende a montar a solda e fazer leitura de componestes A gerencia era bom, mais a dire\u00e7\u00e3o deixava muito a deseja. Os meus colega de trabalho era pessoas muito bom trabalhar com elas. Ler dar com pessoas de diferentes personalidade e a parte mais dif\u00edcil.   A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel e voc\u00ea gosta do que fazes eu gosto muito do eu fazia lar. ", " El trabajo es cansado pero tienes muchos beneficios.  Depende de los estudios que tengas te ponen en un area especifica para pagar lo que tienes de estudios  Y los supervisores solo tienen un nivel muy debajo de los demas  Los trabajos en ocaciones son cansados ya que no se cuenta con el suficiente personal o estan en areas frustrantes ", " Uma \u00f3tima organiza\u00e7\u00e3o  ambiente de trabalho, instala\u00e7\u00f5es de qualidade,o dif\u00edcil e o atendimento aos funcion\u00e1rios por ser empresa de grande porte tinha essa dificuldade em resolver problemas com rota e aux\u00edlio ao funcion\u00e1rio ", " \u00d3tima institui\u00e7\u00e3o para crescimento profissional. Hoje tenho ampla experi\u00eancia com sistema integrado gra\u00e7as esta organiza\u00e7\u00e3o. ", " Tiene un buen sistema de trabajo Lo unico que falla es que los jefes que ponen y los cursos que le dan alos jefes aveses  se exeden en su poder y demigran en ocaciones al personal pero  no es siempre  solo en algunas ocaciones ", " Atendimento ao p\u00fablico Ambiente agradav\u00e9l. Equipe boa. Acostumar com monte de vendedores. Novas experiencias ", " muy bueno, ya que hoy en dia es dif\u00edcil la b\u00fasqueda de  trabajo de puerta en puerta. y esta bueno que aparesca una  empresa que te de alternativas de trabajo.como esta., ", " \u00d3timo local para trabalhar. Oferece muitos recursos aos profissionais em contrapartida exige muita disciplina no desenvolvimento dos trabalhos. Oferece bons sal\u00e1rios e benef\u00edcios. ", " Empresa en la cual me desarrolle personalmente y aprend\u00ed sobre control de informaci\u00f3n y manejo de materiales. ", " Uma empresa que acrescentou muito em meu rendimento como pessoa, em t\u00e9cnicas de abordagem de clientes, falar em p\u00fablico, treinar e capacitar profissionais, qualificando-os para obten\u00e7\u00e3o de excelentes resultados e T\u00e9cnicas de vendas . ", " Servi\u00e7os que d\u00e3o uma vasta experi\u00eancia na \u00e1rea de produ\u00e7\u00e3o.Aprendi a a realizar as atividades com rapidez, agilidade e efic\u00e1cia. Pessoas as quais o  conv\u00edvio \u00e9 inteiramente profissional. ", " een typische dag op het werk was interessant, booiend en leuk wat je geleerd? Ik heb heel veel geleerd.  directie was inspiratief jouw collega's goed het moeilijkste van de baan? Koreaans te leren. het leukste van de baan? Alles was goed, je kon jezelf zijn, je kon alles berijken wat je wilde. SUPER COMPANY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ", " Pricipalmente fue interactuar con diferntes personas muy entretenido divertido sin aburriciones  "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " la mejor empresa de electronica. mucha presion laboral pero con una cultura de hacer las cosas bien. ", " Aprendi se \u00e1gil, eficiente, dedicava as obriga\u00e7\u00f5es a mim designadas. ", " Ajudar os clientes a tirarem duvidas sobre os produtos da Samsung como por exemplo televisores. Supervisores e coordenador de equipe com grande facilidade de ensinamento sobre os produtos, e equipe sempre unida em campo.  ", " Se aprende mucho ahi buena realacion de los compa\u00f1eros ademas de un buen buen sueldo  ", " Bom, um dia t\u00edpico no meu trabalho come\u00e7a em casa quando visualizo o meu e-mail observo o planejamento da semana e ponho e pr\u00e1tica o que for solicitado.  O que eu aprendi na Samsung ? foram v\u00e1rias coisas boas ex: Como liderar equipe de loja, Aplicar treinamentos, Cresci como pessoal e profissional e conhecimento de mercado.   Sobre a dire\u00e7\u00e3o e ger\u00eancia da empresa n\u00e3o tenho nada para falar eles s\u00e3o maravilhosos.  Sobre os meus colegas de trabalho: \u00c9 uma equipe fant\u00e1stica e que aprendi a respeitar e amar trabalhar com eles.  A parte mas complicado no meu trabalho \u00e9 o roteiro, Pois a dist\u00e2ncia atrapalha no decorre das demandas e remunera\u00e7\u00e3o do nosso trabalho.  A parte boa do trabalho \u00e9 os ben\u00e9ficos e o conhecimento que ganhei com o trabalho as amizades e o reconhecimento do seu trabalho. ", " o dia dia de trabalho segui todas as regras, de outras empresa, aprende testa aparelhos notificar defeitos, a programar sistemas e outros que levarei pro resto da vida, a gerencia da empresa \u00e9 boa, o trabalho em grupo \u00e9 muito comum com os colegas dentro da empresa, axo que parte ms dificio do trabalho n\u00e3o existe se vc foca no seu trabalho e ver com coerancia exatamente o jeito que \u00e9 pra ser executado vc n\u00e3o encontra dificuldade. a parte mas agradavel do trabalho \u00e9 quando cv \u00e9 reconhecido e elogiado, pelo que vc faz. ", " Toda una buena organizacion  para tener todo en tiempo y forma de las cosas lo cual me gusta. ", " trabalhei por pouco tempo, mas \u00e9 uma empresa q tem um sal\u00e1rio justo , \u00f3timos benef\u00edcios e uma carga hor\u00e1ria razo\u00e1vel.  ", " Como uma grande empresa a samsung \u00e9 bem exigente pois tem prazos de relat\u00f3rios , tem muitas campanhas.E tem muito a oferecer tenho muita bagagem boa dessa empresa pois aprendi muitas coisas. ", " Uma empresa din\u00e2mica, fornece todo material necess\u00e1rio pro profissional trabalhar. ", " El modelo de negocio de Samsung es muy estructurado y complejo. En cada paso se requiere de mucho an\u00e1lisis para la toma de decisiones. Cada persona desempe\u00f1a una funci\u00f3n y se establecen claramente los roles y responsabilidades. Sin embargo debido a la gran rotaci\u00f3n de personal no todos lo siguen como se debe, el proceso de entendimiento es largo. Existe un equipo de expatriados que son quienes se comunican con la casa matriz para facilitar la petici\u00f3n de ayuda y son quienes reciben las instrucciones para la ejecuci\u00f3n local. La cadencia de negocio es semanal. La reuni\u00f3n con el Presidente era muy compleja porque hab\u00eda que ir muy bien preparado y liso para contestar todos los detalles. Lo que m\u00e1s me gust\u00f3 fue el aprendizaje del modelo de negocio. ", " temos que trabalhar em equipe sem misturar lados pessoal ter comprometimento ser pontual e capaz de realizar qualquer fun\u00e7ao a qual nos designar ", " Grande experi\u00eancia multi-cultural. Dinamismo e flexibilidade s\u00e3o necess\u00e1rios para uma boa adapta\u00e7\u00e3o. ", " Samsung es una empresa que es mundialmente reconocida en el campo de la electronica.  En el ambito laborar se trabaja bajo mucha presion y por largas jornadas de trabajo (que puede llevar a altas cargas de estres) Afortunadamente existe compa\u00f1erismo que facilita el trabajo diario, sin embargo la rotacion de personal es elevada Me gusta del trabajo que los procesos son definidos aunque requieren el involucramiento de muchas partes para consumarse pudiendo caer en burocracia.. ", " - Eu chego, vou at\u00e9 meu posto, vejo qual ser\u00e1 o aparelho q irei montar, geralmente j\u00e1 est\u00e1 disponivel sobre minha bancada, tem a I.T (Instru\u00e7\u00e3o T\u00e9cnica) caso tenha alguma duvida. Geralmente o q fa\u00e7o \u00e9 individual, mas caso acabe o meu trabalho e n\u00e3o tenha mais disponivel, ajudo o colega a terminar o dele, a lider passa pelo menos uma vez ao dia pra saber se estamos precisando de alguma coisa, Temos um ambiente agrad\u00e1vel de trabalho, buscamos sempre ajudarmos uns aos outros.  ", " Empresa de grande porte, din\u00e2mica , o trabalho era totalmente direcionado e com grande abertura pela chefia, a parte mais dificil era a libera\u00e7\u00e3o de contra\u00e7ao de mao de obra. ", " Uma empresa onde o colaborador pode aprender algumas \u00e1reas de montagem, onde n\u00e3o h\u00e1 muita possibilidade de efetiva\u00e7\u00e3o. Como j\u00e1 havia trabalhado 3 anos e 5 meses em uma outra empresa de eletr\u00f4nicos, j\u00e1 havia conhecimento suficiente, portanto n\u00e3o houve um diferencial de aprendizado na Samsung. N\u00e3o tive a oportunidade de trabalhar com a ger\u00eancia, mas sim com a lideran\u00e7a, que por sinal deixava muito a desejar. A conviv\u00eancia com os outros colaboradores era muito boa, pois sempre que necess\u00e1rio todos davam auxilio em todas as dificuldades. N\u00e3o tinha dificuldade nessa trabalho, pois era com montagem e teste de aparelhos o que j\u00e1 era de costume. A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era a conviv\u00eancia com os outros colaboradores, pois existia muito aux\u00edlio quando necess\u00e1rio. ", " Esperito de equipe que formamos dentro da empresa, ela nos dando a oportunidade de ter um bom relacionamento com todos ali envolvidos profissionalmente, isso \u00e9 uma coisa q me chamou muito a aten\u00e7\u00e3o em uma empresa, mesmo sendo de uma cultura diferente da nossa, eles (coreanos) se relacionam bem com o povo brasileiro!!! ", " aprendi muitas coisa  uteis para o meu profissional.  as pessoas de trabalho agradavel . e  nenhuma parte dificil , pois aprendo as coisas com muita facilidade     ", " Uma boa empresa pra se trabalhar.Possui boa alimenta\u00e7\u00e3o,transporte,assistencia medica,disponibiliza vagas para funcionarios com qualifica\u00e7\u00e3o,bom sal\u00e1rio,emfim essa \u00e9 a Samsung "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " El trabajo m\u00e1s que trabajo obligatorio era algo divertido algo en lo que no te pesaba hacer las cosas, a\u00fan con presi\u00f3n eran buenos los retos que uno como persona se pon\u00eda, un gran lugar de trabajo. ", " Empresa com oportunidades, aonde conseguimos agregar conhecimento e dinamicas ", " todos os dias eu trabalhei com bem humor,aprendir a lhe dar com publico, a gerencia agrad\u00e1vel aos funcion\u00e1rios e aos clientes, trabalhava em equipe, a parte mas agrad\u00e1vel em atender bem aos clientes e ser bem tratada. ", " \u00f3timo, aprendir a trabalhar em equipe, muito organizada, eram \u00f3timos profissionais, quando chegava o final do expediente, quando consegu\u00edamos finalizar com sucesso as tarefas do dia. ", " Empresa formada pelos melhores profissionais do mercado, dando a oportunidade de aprender as melhores e mais eficientes pr\u00e1ticas do mercado. Ambiente de trabalho muito competitivo. ", " En este Empresa Koreana aprendi mucho acerca de la Maquinaria para la Construccion, en los terminos de Excavaciones, Dimenciones, Opraciones de Rangos, Etc....  En los trabajos en cuanto a los trabajadores aprendi. que por menos que sea el Riesgo de Trabajo. siempre debemos tener mucho cuidado, con lo que hacemos, el material que utilicemos, y estar al pendiente de todo lo que esta a nuestro alrededor. ", " Aprendi muita coisa para o meu desenvolvimento e crescimento proficional. ", " la verdad no me gusta el trato asia las personas, y aunque seas un experto si no le caes bien al sup\u00e9rvisor alos 3 meses te dan de baja muy muy mal. ", " \u00c9 uma das melhores empresa, tem conforto, e oferece boas condi\u00e7\u00f5es de trabalho ", " lo que mas me gusto fue que aprendi muchas cosas de las que no tenia conocimiento como lo es la tecnologia y a trabajar en equipo. ", " Ps solo en comidas o descansos se podia socialisar con los demas compa\u00f1eros y pues se aprende a usar varias herramientas que en muchos lugares y talleres. Las personas son agradables muy sociables, lo bueno del trabajo es que no esta pesado y pues en algunas partes son muy sencillas, el tiempo de descansos eran suficientes para descansar y llegar a tiempo al puesto o lugar asignado para trabajar. ", " trabalhei com bastante determina\u00e7\u00e3o .aprendir batstante com meus colegas de trabalho e agrade\u00e7o a oportunidade. ", " Muito bom; Aprendi muita coisa que uma grande empresa precisa na vis\u00e3o de seus clientes; Meu supervisor sempre me ajudou em tudo aquilo que necess\u00e1rio; Meus colegas sempre me ajudaram em tudo oque precisei; A parte mais dif\u00edcil foi aprender um mercado totalmente diferente do meu antigo; Conhecer pessoas,lojas e outro mundo,que \u00e9 o mundo da tecnologia. ", " -Falta trabajo en equipo -La parte m\u00e1s dif\u00edcil es el ambiente de trabajo -Lo que m\u00e1s me gusta es que es una empresa l\u00edder y con crecimiento. ", " Tive bastante aprendizado na parte de montagem de equipamentos, controle de ESD/EOS, al\u00e9m dos valores da empresa e de sua nacionalidade. ", " possibilidade de desenvolvimento profissional empresa de tecnologia de ponta sempre atualizada com desenvolvimento de novas tecnologias ", " O trabalho na empresa era tranquilo,aprendi v\u00e1rias fun\u00e7\u00f5es em setores diferentes,a dire\u00e7\u00e3o da empresa \u00e9 bem organizada e prestativa aos funcion\u00e1rios,os colegas foram bons,n\u00e3o teve parte dif\u00edcil pois me adaptei facilmente ao trabalho,o agrad\u00e1vel de tudo era o direito da participa\u00e7\u00e3o de lucro da empresa. ", " Trabalho com inspe\u00e7\u00e3o de aparelhos, TV. Nela viso, quest\u00f5es de defeitos. ", " Empresa est\u00e1vel, por\u00e9m \"engessada\" em seus processos. Poucas oportunidades de crescimento interno, politica de valoriza\u00e7\u00e3o de colaboradores muito fraca. ", " Um trabalho de avali\u00e7\u00e3o e manuten\u00e7\u00e3o da \u00e1rea de produ\u00e7\u00e3o SMT, onde a qualidade era da minha pr\u00f3pria responsabilidade. Gerencia e dire\u00e7\u00e3o de \u00f3tima qualidade "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " buenas prestaciones y buenos servicios a aprendi a hacer invantarios controlar y surtir mercancias.trabajo bajo presion. ya no hay aumentos ", " montagem e metas a ser compridos,muitas coisas boa de trabalho,otimo,muito legas de trabalho,\u00f1 tem \u00e9 tudo e agrad\u00e1vel quando se trabalha em equipe ", " apesar de ser muito nova aprendi muito la foi la que descobriir a lhe dar com clientes ", " Trabajar para est\u00e1 empresa es exelente, ya que los jefes son tolerantes, respetuosos y son atentos con los empleados. ", " uma rotina narmal de trabalho, com muitos disafios todos os dias, aprendi a entender mais as pessoas, tive um otimo relacionamento proficional com meus superiores ", " - aprendi a trabalhar em equipe, ha trabalhar com meta, primeira experiencia em produ\u00e7\u00e3o. - em quest\u00e3o da dire\u00e7\u00e3o/gerencia \u00e9 reconhecimento de funcion\u00e1rio. - trabalh\u00e1vamos todos em equipe. - \u00e9 quando voc\u00ea n\u00e3o sabe um processo, e ningu\u00e9m te ensina, e nem explica ... - a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel \u00e9 voc\u00ea trabalhar honestamente e com seu comprometimento de trabalho e quando chega o fim do m\u00eas seu esfor\u00e7o. - agrade\u00e7o a samsung pela oportunidade, o que eu aprendi vou levar pra vida toda. ", " Uniformes atractivos y premios por ventas o logros como ganar espacios en pisos de Venta. A veces material de trabajo otorgado pero con previa firma de carta de consigna, los compa\u00f1eros por lo regular buenas personas mas no unidas para apoyar alguna peticion de mejor estabilidad laboral. Sin duda los reportes no me molestan el hacerlos pero si la carga tan exagerada ultimamente de los mismos a tal grado de tener que utilizar el unico dia de ''DESCANSO'' para terminarlos y enviarlos tanto al Supervisor y Corporativo de Korea. Y por ultimo siempre me gusto el trato con clientes de todas las cadenas como tiendas Departamentales, Tradicionales y los Autoservicios por que asesoraba en mi especialidad a toda esta gente. ", " Entro \u00e0s 15:15 e saio \u00e0 00:24, temos 45 min de janta, temos dias bem corridos, metas a serem compridas, mais a qualidade vem sempre em primeiro lugar, a boa conviv\u00eancias com os colegas de trabalho tamb\u00e9m ajuda muito. Cada dia se aprende algo novo. ", " Ao chegar ao ambiente de trabalho, fazer uma auditoria interna na linha de produ\u00e7\u00e3o , checando e verificando todos os colaboradores se est\u00e3o trabalhando adequadamente com seus instrumentos de trabalho, na samsung aprendi a ter qualidade no trabalho sabendo todo processo desde o material de entrada at\u00e9 o produto acabado. Com meus gestores tive um bom relacionamento, respeitando e sendo respeitada. N\u00e3o cheguei a ter dificuldades pois sempre tento resolver qualquer tipo de situa\u00e7\u00e3o. A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel \u00e9 quando se troca de turno e passamos a linha em movimento e sem problemas nenhum. ", " Tiene muy buenos productos y siempre se encuentra en proceso de actualizaci\u00f3n para satisfacer la necesidad del cliente. ", " Eu adorava trabalhar l\u00e1, aprendi muitas coisas com a empresa e o pessoal em geral meus colegas de trabalho n\u00e3o tenho que reclamar eram pessoas muito prestativas me fizeram sentir muito bem tive tambem cordenadores muito companheiros foi uma experiencia \u00f3tima e l\u00e1 temos a oportunidade de crescimento porfissional e muito mais... ", " es trabajo bajo presion, solo 2 turnos de 10 horas de lunas a viernes pero siempre hay tiempo extra devido ala alta demanda de refrigeradores se deve tener tiempo completo vacaciones aparte de las que son de ley en semana santa , bomo de antiguedad, vales de despensa, ", " Es un trabajo que es mucho con el trato a la gente la forma de educacion que tiene uno hacia las personas.  El saber por medio de capacitacion para quien trabaja y que es lo que uno vende ", " N\u00e3o tenho muito que reclamar da empresa anterior que trabalhei. ", " um dia t\u00edpico de trabalho o que voc\u00ea aprendeu a dire\u00e7\u00e3o/ger\u00eancia os seus colegas de trabalho a parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel do trabalho ", " \u0420\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0447\u0438\u0439 \u0434\u0435\u043d\u044c \u043f\u0440\u043e\u043b\u0435\u0442\u0430\u0435\u0442 \u043d\u0435\u0437\u0430\u043c\u0435\u0442\u043d\u043e. \u0417\u0430\u0447\u0430\u0441\u0442\u0443\u044e \u043d\u0430\u0433\u0440\u0443\u0437\u043a\u0430 \u043d\u0430 \u0441\u043e\u0442\u0440\u0443\u0434\u043d\u0438\u043a\u043e\u0432 \u0440\u0430\u0441\u043f\u0440\u0435\u0434\u0435\u043b\u0435\u043d\u0430 \u043d\u0435\u0440\u0430\u0432\u043d\u043e\u043c\u0435\u0440\u043d\u043e.\u0420\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0447\u0438\u0439 \u0434\u0435\u043d\u044c \u043c\u043e\u0436\u0435\u0442 \u0434\u043b\u0438\u0442\u044c\u0441\u044f, \u043f\u043e\u043a\u0430 \u043d\u0435 \u0440\u0435\u0448\u0435\u043d\u0430 \u043f\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0430\u0432\u043b\u0435\u043d\u043d\u0430\u044f \u0437\u0430\u0434\u0430\u0447\u0430 (\u043f\u043e \u0441\u043e\u0431\u0441\u0442\u0432\u0435\u043d\u043d\u043e\u0443\u043c \u0436\u0435\u043b\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044e, \u043b\u0438\u0431\u043e \u043f\u043e \u0443\u043a\u0430\u0437\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044e \u043d\u0430\u0447\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u0438\u043a\u0430). \u041a\u0430\u0442\u0430\u0441\u0442\u0440\u043e\u0444\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0441\u043a\u0438 \u043c\u0430\u043b\u043e \u0433\u0440\u0430\u043c\u043e\u0442\u043d\u044b\u0445 \u0440\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0445 \u0430\u0441\u0441\u0438\u0441\u0442\u0435\u043d\u0442\u043e\u0432, \u0447\u0442\u043e\u0431\u044b \u0434\u043e\u043d\u0435\u0441\u0442\u0438 \u0434\u043e \u0441\u043e\u0442\u0440\u0443\u0434\u043d\u0438\u043a\u043e\u0432 \u043f\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0430\u0432\u043b\u0435\u043d\u043d\u0443\u044e \u0437\u0430\u0434\u0430\u0447\u0443 \u043c\u0435\u043d\u0435\u0434\u0436\u0435\u0440\u0430 \u0447\u0435\u0442\u043a\u043e. \u041d\u0430\u0438\u0431\u043e\u043b\u0435\u0435 \u043f\u0440\u0438\u044f\u0442\u043d\u0430\u044f \u0447\u0430\u0441\u0442\u044c \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u044b - \u0432\u044b\u043f\u043e\u043b\u043d\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0435 \u043e\u0442\u0447\u0435\u0442\u0430 \u0438 \u0435\u0436\u0435\u0433\u043e\u0434\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u043f\u0440\u0435\u043c\u0438\u0438 ). ", " Servi\u00e7o f\u00e1cil de aprender, ambiante de trabalho legal, e as pessoas tamb\u00e9m. ", " Es un buen trabajo, la paga es buena y las actividades son interesantes, te dan la posibilidad de viajar mucho, se conoce mucha gente y se aprende mucho, el ambiente es bueno los compa\u00f1eros tienen un perfil serio, las actividades son varias siempre hay algo que hacer no te aburres de este trabajo, ", " samsung es una excelente empresa aprendi muchisimo como persona, en el aspecto laboral fue muy beneficiosa ya que me capacitaron muchisimo en cuanto a tecnologia y todo lo que necesitaba saber para sacar mi cargo adelante .. conte con excelentes compa\u00f1eros y excelentes jefes . ", " Uma Otima Empresa me ajudou quando precisei e me arrependi de ter saido. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Bom ambiente de trabalho, aprendi varias normas como 5s manter local de trabalho organizado, fazer meu trabalho com qualidade ", " Si bien es cierto Samsung es una tremenda compa\u00f1\u00eda, con un buen sistema inform\u00e1tico y de pol\u00edticas, el ritmo de trabajo de la cultura coreana es muy fuerte y era una constante quedare hasta tarde trabajando, inclusive pasar toda la noche hasta el d\u00eda siguiente. ", " lo que aprendi durante mi`paso en este trabajo es q hay muchas persona ipocritas en el ambiente de trabajo bueno me toco conocer en las tiendas donde fui. ", " Experiencia en Retail. Atencion al Cliente. Conocimiento en Tecnologia. ", " Recebimento de materiais no sistema JIT... Alimenta\u00e7\u00e3o da linha de produ\u00e7\u00e3o. time de gestores composta por estrangeiros em sua maior parte . dificulade cultural e comunica\u00e7\u00e3o ", " ambiente de trabajo bajo continua presi\u00f3n, compa\u00f1erismo mediano, buena localidad y horario flexible. Lo mejor del trabajo es cuando sales de la compa\u00f1\u00eda a realizar las diligencias asignadas por alg\u00fan directivo de la empresa; en general la alta direcci\u00f3n es muy buena con sus empleados de confianza directos, pero la gerencia media no sabe tratar al personal. ", " fornece estrutura e equipamento para se trabalha com seguran\u00e7a,colegas de trabalho trabalhao em equipe ", " trabalhei com muita dedica\u00e7\u00e3o e responsabilidade, aprendi muito na empresa desde o inicio de produ\u00e7\u00e3o, a termino da produ\u00e7\u00e3o relacionamento muito bom com colegas de trabalho desde gerente a pessoal da limpeza a parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho era quando tinha problemas entre funcion\u00e1rios a parte agrad\u00e1vel era quando tinha bastante correria e as coisas davam tudo certo e agente era reconhecido. ", " Loja cheia com muitos cliente deixando seus aparelhos eletr\u00f4nicos para concerto, alguns n\u00e3o satisfeito com a assist\u00eancia t\u00e9cnica se alteravam com as atendentes, assim aprendi a ter jogo de cintura para contornar certas situa\u00e7\u00f5es. ", " Um ambiente muito agrad\u00e1vel pra se trabalhar, aprendi muitas coisas pois, quando n\u00e3o havia produ\u00e7\u00e3o na minha linha nos eramos alocados em outras linhas de montagem,a dire\u00e7\u00e1o da empresa era \u00f3tima muito atenciosos e preocupados com o bem estar dos funcion\u00e1rios,n\u00f3s eramos muito unidos sempre com espirito de equipe,a parte mais dificil era quando agente n\u00e3o conseguia fechar o plano no hor\u00e1rio certo, a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era quando agente conseguia fechar o plano havia comemora\u00e7a\u00f5 na equipe. ", " Es una gran organizaci\u00f3n, enfocada al mejoramiento continuo ", " A samsung \u00e9 uma empresa onde aprendi, muito como pessoa, como l\u00edder,pois existe muitas cobran\u00e7as, e poucas ferramentas, voc\u00ea, tem de ser din\u00e2mico, criativo e inovador, sempre estar apito,a resolver problemas no dia,a dia, isso me crescer profissional e como pessoa. O sal\u00e1rio \u00e9 compat\u00edvel, com o mercado, mas as oportunidades de crescimento,m\u00ednimas.Existe uma estabilidade, uma vez que voc\u00ea, faz seu trabalho bem. O dia de trabalho de l\u00edder l\u00e1, \u00e9 muito estressante, excesso de cobran\u00e7a, sem ferramentas, para voc\u00ea, cumprir. ", " compartir e intercambiar ideas con todo lo relacionado con los productos de la compa\u00f1ia ", " una empresa respetable que capacita a el personal constantemente ", " Muita correria no dia dia, aprendemos a dibla as dificuldades do trabalho executado com eficaz e QUALIDADE, \u00d3timo lugar para se trabalho, bom ambiente de trabalho com os colegas, \u00f3timos gestores e consultores t\u00e9cnicos; ", " O trabalho como era de auxiliar, exigia que fosse realizada v\u00e1rias tarefas, no qual era estressante, mas \u00e9 uma fonte de experi\u00eancia para se vencer limites do dia-a-dia. A dire\u00e7\u00e3o era muito din\u00e2mica e exigente com a produ\u00e7\u00e3o. Com os colegas de trabalhos a rela\u00e7\u00e3o \u00e9 de coopera\u00e7\u00e3o nos servi\u00e7os. A dificuldade \u00e9 manter o mesmo rit\u00edmo de trabalho, por isso \u00e0s vezes chegava a ser estressante. A parte mais agr\u00e1davel do trabalho era quando tudo dava certo. ", " Coordena\u00e7\u00e3o de equipe, efetuamento de comprar, pagamentos de notas, atendimento a fornecedores, cota\u00e7\u00f5es, pesquisa de satisfa\u00e7\u00e3o, montagem de escalas, treinamentos, (planilhas de custos). ", " A empresa vem cada vez crescendo em t\u00e9cnologia e oferece otimos treinamentos pros funcion\u00e1rios. ", " Um ambiente \u00f3timo para trabalhar, n\u00e3o tenho do que reclamar. Eu queria at\u00e9 volta a trabalhar la. ", " Boa empresa, mais precisa melhoras alguns aspectos como qualquer outra empresa. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " Multinacinal onde oportunidade de aprendizado e experiancia s\u00e3o muito significativos para forma\u00e7\u00e3o de um profissional ", " \u00d3timo , muito bom trabalhar para esta empresa, por\u00e9m ainda \u00e9 tercearizado, mas muito bom mesmo. ", " Muito boa empresa,sa\u00ed pois o contrato acabou. Sempre deram todo o suporte e treinamento. Uma empresa super fiel aos funcionarios. Muito bom o horario de trabalho e a forma de trabalho. ", " - Parcerias com grandes redes como Ponto Frio, Casas Bahia, Lojas Colombo, entre outras e tamb\u00e9m com as operadoras. - Coordena\u00e7\u00e3o de todo o processo de suprimento de estoques de materiais de ponto de vendas de celulares, e tamb\u00e9m pelo apoio ao escoamento de estoques de produtos atrav\u00e9s da equipe de promotores e parceria com as operadoras, incluindo campanhas de sell-out, sell-in, e incentivo de vendas para vendedores, coordenadores, e gerentes de lojas do mercado. - Foco na parceria de neg\u00f3cios de telecomunica\u00e7\u00f5es, e seu posicionamento, desenvolvimento da posi\u00e7\u00e3o da marca no mercado nacional, atrav\u00e9s de planejamento estrat\u00e9gico e da an\u00e1lise do mercado, bem como an\u00e1lise do comportamento dos produtos por regi\u00e3o, n\u00edvel Brasil. - Respons\u00e1vel pelo Marketing do varejo e alian\u00e7as estrat\u00e9gicas entre a f\u00e1brica (celulares), departamento de vendas, e Marketing, atrav\u00e9s de benchmarkings. ", " Ao mesmo tempo q era tranquilo,nao era,pois tinha bastante coisa pra se fazer. ", " Trabalhar na samsung e bom, so fui demitido por conta da crise economica. ", " os super visores nao tem voz ativa na empreza eu fazia atendimento ao consumidor e agendamento de visita tecnica e passava support de audio e video ", " \u00f3tima empresa para se trabalhar ,din\u00e2mica,agrad\u00e1vel ,flexivel.Aonde pude aprender a conviver em grupo.Ger\u00eancia totalmente compromissada e preocupada com o bem estar fis\u00edco e moral dos funcion\u00e1rios. ", " Ambiente agradavel em linha de produ\u00e7ao,refeitorio para refei\u00e7oes muito bom ,treinamento correto para operar com facilidade e ajuda dos colegas de linha para produ\u00e7ao com qualidade com companhia total da lideran\u00e7ao com intervalo de dencanso para cafe.Uma empresa muito boa mas com dificuldades no fretado para voltarmos para casa com atraso. ", " es un poco inestable acerca del sueldo y comiciones, mis compa\u00f1eros de trabajo muy buenos en su trabajo , muy pocos articulos para poder llegar alas metas de ventas solicitadas ", " Erg resultaatgericht, KPI driven, jong, multicultureel en dynamisch. ", " Considero que realic\u00e9 una muy buena pr\u00e1ctica, debido a que las personas quienes cumpl\u00edan el rol de mi jefatura, permitieron que me desenvolviera en muchos de los aspectos que se ven en el \u00e1rea de Recursos Humanos, espec\u00edficamente de los que ata\u00f1en a la psicolog\u00eda. Aprend\u00ed mucho de desarrollo organizacional, al poco tiempo de estar all\u00ed me asignaron la responsabilidad de reclutamiento y selecci\u00f3n de personal, por lo que considero que aprend\u00ed much\u00edsimo. ", " Empresa contrata a mais do que a capacidade necess\u00e1ria. N\u00e3o tem organiza\u00e7\u00e3o, chefia n\u00e3o se preocupa com disperdicios e com funcion\u00e1rios que d\u00e3o prejuizo. Infelizmente n\u00e3o \u00e9 uma empresa boa. ", " Tiene un horario de trabajo bueno el cual le permite compartir con la familia en las ma\u00f1anas, una empresa en donde se respeta la integridad de el promotor y se resaltan sus virtudes ", " Todo era muy controlado pero conmuy buen ambiente cada persona sabia lo que tenia que hacer en cada momento. Aprendi a llebar un equipo humano y el stock del almacen ubicacion etc. La partemas dificil es cuadrar el la gete con el trabajo a realizar. ", " \u0413\u0440\u0430\u0444\u0438\u043a \u043c\u0435\u043d\u044f \u0432\u043f\u043e\u043b\u043d\u0435 \u0443\u0441\u0442\u0440\u0430\u0438\u0432\u0430\u0435\u0442, \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0430\u0442\u044c \u0442\u043e\u043b\u044c\u043a\u043e \u043f\u044f\u0442\u043d\u0438\u0446\u0443, \u0441\u0443\u0431\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0443 \u0438 \u0432\u043e\u0441\u043a\u0440\u0435\u0441\u0435\u043d\u044c\u0435, \u043d\u043e \u043c\u043d\u0435 \u043d\u0435 \u043d\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0438\u0442\u0441\u044f, \u0447\u0442\u043e \u043f\u0440\u0438\u0445\u043e\u0434\u0438\u0442\u0441\u044f \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0430\u0442\u044c \u0441 9 \u0443\u0442\u0440\u0430 \u0434\u043e 9 \u0438\u043b\u0438 10 \u0432\u0435\u0447\u0435\u0440\u0430. \u041d\u0443 \u0438 \u0442\u0430\u043c \u0441\u0432\u043e\u0438 \u043d\u044e\u0430\u043d\u0441\u044b \u0435\u0441\u0442\u044c. ", " Uma empresa muito competente,que lhe dava com a correria do dia a dia mais sem infringir seus funcion\u00e1rios.uma equipe aberta mas coerente. ", " Aprendi a mexer cm maquinas sdm e isso agregou muito para meu curriculum. ", " uma empresa boa agradavel,uma empresa que tenho um enorme prazer de poder contribuir para crescimento dela. ", " Empresa que preza a cultura Koreana e muito focada no que quer "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " realizar reporte de llegada (checar entrada), evaluar la competencia y promociones existentes. toma de inventarios, enviar esta informaci\u00f3n con hra limite. La direccion se encarga de evaluar reportes realizados previamente, tanto de competencia como de ventas del dia anterior. Entre compa\u00f1eros de trabajo nos apoyamos mutuamente. Realmente no realizamos una labor dificil. ya que la actitud de convencimiento o labor de abordar a cliente nuevos y trabajar en que se adquiera el producto es lo que mas me gusta. ", " durante mi trabajo como asesora de ventas d\u00bfme desempe\u00f1e muy bien debido a que soy muy buena asesora y pienso que la atenci\u00f3n al cliente es muy importante mis horarios eran de 8 am a 6pm y s\u00e1bados me consiedero una empleada de confianza eso me lo hizo saber mi jefe inmediato puesto es que depositaron en mi toda su confianza y nunca los defraude, mi relaci\u00f3n con mis compa\u00f1eros era muy buena debido a que el trabajo en equipo es muy importante, la verdad mi trabajo no tenia parte dificl porque estoy cpacitada para trabajar bajo presion y me adapto facilmente,lo que mas me gusto de trabajo fue el ambiente mis compa\u00f1eros y mis jefes que son muy humanos ", " Para se trabalhar neste tipo de empresa, voc\u00ea deve ter a mente aberta, pois a cultura sul coreana \u00e9 bem diferente da nossa que \u00e9 mais aberta, l\u00e1 voc\u00ea n\u00e3o pode conversar, tem que trabalhar de p\u00e9 o dia todo, o interessante \u00e9 que voc\u00ea aprende a ficar mais focado, pois l\u00e1 n\u00e3o gostam que as pessoas conversem, por\u00e9m dizem que da para subir na empresa, para se pleitear um cargo la dentro ap\u00f3s ter sido promovido \u00e9 de 1 em 1 ano no minimo, o sal\u00e1rio \u00e9 bom e os hor\u00e1rios de trabalho tamb\u00e9m s\u00e3o, o fretado tamb\u00e9m \u00e9 muito bom, pois te pega bem pr\u00f3ximo a sua resid\u00eancia na maior parte das vezes.Para min foi um grande aprendizado. ", " La dsitancia es un factor importante pero siepre se puede hacer un esfuerzo por mejorar lo aprendido y plicarle en otra areas asi como tambien demostrar los conocimientos y habilidades. La direccio es importante siempre y cuando se tenga un control sobre las situaciones de como dirijir a los demas. Dificil cuando la capacitacion no es la adecuada o muy minima por que eso demerita posibilidades de crecimiento para ambos lados empleador y empleado. Disfrutar el apoyo de los compa\u00f1eros asi como el trabajo en equipo y el darse el apoyo y mantener un equipo fuerte en el cual nada haga falta y todo sea lo mas axesible posible. ", " Adorei a experi\u00eancia que obtive nessa empresa,a empresa fornece varios treinamentos o que eu acho muito importante,meu supervisor uma pessoa maravilhosa,sempre solicita e atencioso,prestativo com toda equipe.O que achava mais dificil era a falta de produtos em determinadas redes em que eu atendia, devido a negocia\u00e7\u00e3o da minha empresa com esssas rede de mercado,lojas. Eu adorava meu trabalho:abordar clientes;exposi\u00e7\u00e3o de meus produtos... ", " Sempre tive liberdade para atuar de uma forma geral no processo de SMD,portanto sempre busquei novos conhecimentos,sempre me destaquei por nunca me conformar em saber apenas o que o meu cargo me oferecia procurei atuar tamb\u00e9m nas areas de materiais e manuten\u00e7\u00e3o de m\u00e1quinas,nessa empresa como em qualquer outra quando o funcion\u00e1rio se esfor\u00e7a e estuda ele concerteza ter\u00e1 oportunidade para avan\u00e7ar. ", " Desafios di\u00e1rios, novos projetos, lideran\u00e7a \u00e9 coreana \u00e9 a cultura muito forte e presente diariamente. Muitos momentos de trabalho sobre press\u00e3o e constante desafio intelectual. Mudan\u00e7a de estrat\u00e9gia constante, agressividade contra os concorrentes, forte pensamento de desenvolvimento tecnol\u00f3gico. Cultura organizacional muito diferente dos brasileiros, requer flexibilidade, persist\u00eancia e paci\u00eancia. ", " Nossa como foi bom pra mim ter feito parte do grupo Samsung, adiquiri muita experi\u00eancia na parte administrativa, conheci gerenciadores maravilhosos, colegas excepcionais. ", " Aprendi muitas coisas, era um ambiente agradavel e tinha uma bela lideran\u00e7a .... ", " Mucho tabajo poco dinero, mecanismos, algo de pls, mala administracion, no hay oportunidad de aspirar a otro puesto,buen ambiente laboral desacansos para ingerir alimentos produccion atrasada, lo que mas me gusto del trabajo es que simpre hay algo nuevo que aprender. ", " Foi umas das empresas que mais me senti bem como profissional. Sempre gostei do atendimento ao cliente, atuava com cr\u00e9dito consignado e para pessoas f\u00edsicas e jur\u00eddicas. Sempre tive boa impress\u00e3o dos gerentes que incentivava a capacita\u00e7\u00e3o e busca por crescimento. O ambiente era sempre cordial e desentendimentos no geral eram de f\u00e1cil resolu\u00e7\u00e3o com os colegas de trabalho. Aprendo muitos valores profissionais como \u00e9tica e foco. A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era o atendimento e o cumprimento de metas. Por\u00e9m a menos agrad\u00e1vel era quando n\u00e3o se atingia meta, a cobran\u00e7a era persistente, por\u00e9m, nada que era imposs\u00edvel de se atingir. ", " Gotei muito da samsung aprendi bastante e espero aprender mais futuramente em outras empresas ", " Grande possibilidade de aquisi\u00e7\u00e3o de experi\u00eancias, bom relacionamento interpessoal, aprimoramento na comunica\u00e7\u00e3o, improviza\u00e7\u00e3o para atender a prazos curtos, possibilidade de viagens ", " Ambiente de trabalho tranquilo; Bom gerenciamento; Trabalho sob press\u00e3o, por\u00e9m muito agrad\u00e1vel. ", " uma boa empresa rela\u00e7\u00e3o boa com todos desde os chefes at\u00e9 os funcion\u00e1rios ", " es una empresa que le da la oportunidad de acender es una buena empresa pagan bien las capacitaciones son excelentes los compa\u00f1eros son muy compa\u00f1erismos , la parte f\u00e1cil atender al publico. ", " eu aprendi muitas coisas como montar celular como a trabalhar em grupo a dire\u00e7\u00e3o s\u00e3o pessoa muito legais muito educadas com os operadores a ger\u00eancia a pesar de muitas cobran\u00e7a que faz parte s\u00e3o pessoas muito legais aparte dific\u00edl \u00e9 trabalhar em p\u00e9 a melhor trabalhar em grupo ", " presto suporte ao cliente quando entra em contato tirando duvidas sobre seu aparelho. ", " empresa boa de se trabalhar, boa pol\u00edtica de conduta, por\u00e9m a Ger\u00eancia n\u00e3o \u00e9 t\u00e3o boa ! ", " na area que trabalhei, havia alguns servi\u00e7os pesados para uma mulher trabalhar. com uma boa gest\u00e3o que fazia de tudo para ajudar. "], [" Long working hours and will get very little time for family. Not very process oriented but only end result oriented. They are very competitive and want results at any cost ", " \u00f3tima empresa. muito din\u00e2mica e produ\u00e7\u00e3o forte. gostei do aprendizado. ", " Minha rotina come\u00e7ava as 6 hr da manh\u00e3. Eu chegava, tomava caf\u00e9 e depois ia para as linhas fazer auditoria do processo produtivo. Tinha muitas amizades. Os funcion\u00e1rios eram muito valorizados ali. ", " una empresa buena confortable y con buenos compa\u00f1eros de trabajos ", " Nosso dia era um pouco complicado. Ex: Eu era de uma linha especial a cell line, montava todo o celular,fazia os testes eletr\u00f4nicos e a embalagem tamb\u00e9m ja saia para o cliente. Aprendi tudo a que me foi designada e o que n\u00e3o tamb\u00e9m eu era o quebra galho da linha antes da cell passei por todos os postos da linha. Minha l\u00edder n\u00e3o tenho palavras, se era para chamar a aten\u00e7\u00e3o chamava e sabia elogiar na hora certa ela era justa. Sem palavras fiz muitos colegas e amigos que at\u00e9 hoje frequentam minha casa,nunca tive problemas a esse respeito. Acho que a parte mais dif\u00edcil foi o hor\u00e1rio ap\u00f3s um tempo. O ambiente era muito agrad\u00e1vel, de muito respeito . ", " Ambiente de Trabalho Bom ,Oportunidade Para Funcionarios Crescer Dentro da Empresa . ", " Aprendi muchas cosas que no sabia,adquiri experiencia sobre la control de calidad y seguridad en mi mismo ", " llegar a cada tienda y poder checar a mi gente a cargo a si como su trabajo y preguntarle sus necesidades para apoyarlo y obtener mejores resultados,aprendi a valorar y el saber escuchar el pensamiento de cada persona para a si poder tener un muy buen equipo de trabajo,la direccion muy buena y como en todo trabajo presion laboral pero gracias a eso se dieros buenos resultados,la parte mas dificil del trabajo eran las ventas nocturnas el viernes en el d.f hasta las 2 de la ma\u00f1ana y el sabado del otro dia en monterrey hasta las 2 y el domingo del otro dia en otro lugar,(y era lo mas dificil pero solo por el tiempo)lo que mas me gusto fue que aprendi mucho todo lo que es audio y video desde saber de que esta echa una pantalla una camara de video un dvd el saber conectar etc,a si como tambien saber venderlo en piso de venta, ense\u00f1ar en capacitaciones y poder estar en el corporativo. ", " Gostei muito de trabalhar na empresa samsung cheguei at\u00e9 ser cotratada ,mais infelismente foi demitida por causa da crise que teve .. Estou tentando opeter vagas de trabalho mais rapido posivel. ", " o trabalho \u00e9 muito corrido,mais satisfat\u00f3rio,mais aprende que a organiza\u00e7\u00e3o \u00e9 fundamental para a execu\u00e7\u00e3o de um bom servi\u00e7o. Meus superiores eram bons profissionais Meus colegas sempre esfor\u00e7ados e competentes. O que mais me entristecia era a forte cobran\u00e7a e o que eu mais gostava era o trabalho em equipe. ", " Durante o per\u00edodo que trabalho na Samsung, aprendi a ter flexibilidade para trabalhar com prazos curtos. Por ser uma empresa de tecnologia, tudo \u00e9 extremamente din\u00e2mico. Como atuo na \u00e1rea de suporte \u00e0 Pesquisa e Desenvolvimento, fazemos an\u00e1lises e relat\u00f3rios para projetos de pesquisa e inova\u00e7\u00e3o. Para compilar estes relat\u00f3rios, diariamente alimento a planilha or\u00e7ament\u00e1ria com os custos de viagens, servi\u00e7os de terceiros, materiais e equipamentos. Al\u00e9m de alimentar as planilhas, escrevo as justificativas, baseadas na Lei da Inform\u00e1tica, visto que as mesmas compilar\u00e3o o relat\u00f3rio anual que \u00e9 enviado para o Minist\u00e9rio da Ci\u00eancia e Tecnologia. Algo que aprendi muito tamb\u00e9m na Samsung foi a quest\u00e3o da Lei da INform\u00e1tica e Lei do Bem, leis que incentivam a inova\u00e7\u00e3o no Brasil. Acredito no potencial e na criatividade dos brasileiros, por isso trabalhar com inova\u00e7\u00e3o \u00e9 muito motivante. Procuro aprender com os meus colegas mais experientes na \u00e1rea de P&amp;D, pois gostaria de aprender mais sobre esta \u00e1rea que vem crescendo mais e mais no Brasil. ", " ,,Terabalhei na samsung ,,e gostei muito ,,as pessoas sao acolhedora ,,aprendemos coisa novas ,meus colegas eram otimo,,porisso gostaria de mas uma oportunidade de trabalho,, ", " muy buen ambiente d etrabajo, horarios flexibles y muy buenas comiciones ", " Gostei de trabalhar na empresa pois fornecia ajuda de custo, s\u00e1lario bom, uma equipe boa de se trabalhar, infelizmente fui mandada embora pois n\u00e3o tinha carro, e era obrigat\u00f3rio. ", " Samsung es una empresa muy grande que brinda oportunidad de trabajo a muchas personas , buen sueldo y confianza a sus trabajadores apoyo en todo sentido . Yo estoy muy agradecida por todo el tiempo de trabajo que tube la oportunidad de trabajar con ellos . ", " Tudo que eu sei aprendi nesta empresa. Confome desempenho o colaborador tem muita chance de progredir como eu e outros companheiros come\u00e7amos como conferente uns se tornaram analista e outro supervisores teve um q chegou a ser ate chefe de materiais ", " A SAMSUNG \u00e9 uma emprsa muito agradavel de se trabalhar, l\u00e1 aprendi fazer a montagem de placas a soldagem, os lideres super atentos com os trabalhadores esta a disposi\u00e7\u00e3o na hora que vc precisa. J\u00e1 os colegas de trabalho s\u00e3o super humildes te d\u00e3o uma for\u00e7a se vc n\u00e3o est\u00e1 conseguindo exercer seu servi\u00e7o. A parte mais dificil \u00e9 aprender a Soldar mais depois que aprende \u00e9 muito bom e a parte mais agradavel tudo. ", " muito bom.A empresa samsung me deu oportunidade para crescer mas por\u00e9m teve redu\u00e7\u00e3o de produ\u00e7\u00e3o e teve que mandar alguns funcionarios embora. ", " aprendi muita coisa positiva .\u00e9 um lugar onde aprendemos muita coisa com \u00e9tica,alem de coisas novas.e principalmente a qualidade do produto. "]]