[[" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Working with Apple India as a iPhone Solution Consultant from September 2015 to till now.  \uf0d8\tProviding in store training to new joining and store staff \uf0d8\tStore Administrative work related to Sales &amp; Marketing \uf0d8\tManaging Store Operation activity in terms of Visibility of product  \uf0d8\tManage Stock Availability, POSM material &amp; new products launch. \uf0d8\tIdentifying and implementing branding, advertising and promotional activities and soft skill training ", " Working at Apple is always a learning. You are given freedom to work independently and freedom to think. It gives opportunity to work on your interests. ", " Here in apple..I earn good benefits..I receive every salary on time..taking very good benefit..good incentive schemes..nd uploading claims..everything is just awesome realted to salary..bt I need a good growth and more salary that I deserved. ", " The organisation has a good work culture and people are very helpful.  Enjoy the team meetings and the discussions we have where all the people in the team discuss and learn from each other. ", " Responsible for organizing entire department and in particular, controlling it\u2019s resources and utilizing it\u2019s assets to achieve maximum efficiency. Overseeing the day-to-day management of the Operation and HR related issues.Logistics Management, Customer satisfaction and escalation, developing personal growth opportunities. ", " This was the first job and it taught us a lot of things while stepping into the Business World.  Very high learning curve to understand the business but in terms of opportunity there were many partial decision made but its okay. had a great time working with Apple. ", " First of all I thankfully to give me a opportunity in such a good brand world best comapany ...  It's not just a company for me... it's my dream to be a part this company  successfull ", " It is a very good company to work with, perfect for those who love technology.learning process is very good they also provide lots of soft skill taring. ", " Apple is good compny but m working with apple third party com. name is channeplay limited is our HR com so my work is iphone sales &amp; ipad &amp; smart watch apple acceserios also ", " Amazing placem Amazing people and Supportive trainers at Apple , We were actually Outsourced and working from India, but we had good number of American Coaches who came in regular to check. ", " 1. work on holidays 2. how to manage team and what important to drive a business 3. Management should be active appraisal should be there after completion of one year. Which is in hold in our case 4. Co-workers are very important to achieve a big goal 5. To mingle with many person 6. Refresher training ", " I am enjoy my work and this the best work place .apple products is very amazing things which everyone purchased it .mangment and ASM is superb. ", " Working with Apple has been one of the most rewarding experiences of my career. I have never before come across a team that is so passionate about its work and excellence and detail oriented. Working with Apple has taught me to focus on the road to the goal and all enablers with a fine eye for detail; the goal will be achieved eventually. ", " Excellent Company for the one who wants to learn &amp; upgrade themselves at every level, i have learned how to present yourself on the desk no cons, its an Outstanding company to work with, and Excellent Management styles too.....     :) :) ", " typical day at my work is that one day i went to office in an auto when i was working in aircel company and auto person e charge 550/- INR from saidabad to hitec city and i was shocked whn i get down frm auto  the hardest jon is i work non stop for more than 50 days without a single off or leave this is my hardest part of my job and i will never forget those days  the most enjoyable day is i went with my 35 office friends to suriya lanka beach in 4 innova cars like a convey of VVIP and on a road of highway many people are looking us and we r feeling like an VVIP and in surya lanka beach we enjoyed a lot ", " learned to handle most difficult people,patience working in a group and keeping every one motivated to reach the target. need to think out of the box and the ability to convince.  apple has a transparent and a very supportive management with some amazing managers to learn from. Hardest part is to deliver the unforgetful experience a client can derive from an apple device  its fun to paid to do what you love to.The woke culture is so planned that you don't feel the work pressure at all.:) ", " its been fabulous 3 years 8 months with Apple, but now is the time to move for my own further future.  i have learnt a lot in apple about everything about how to work and deal with people and obstacles.  how to deliver within time line ", " very flexible working hours. learned to handle most difficult people,patience  working in a group and keeping every one motivated to reach the target. need to think out of the box and the ability to convince.  apple has a transparent and a very supportive management with some amazing managers to learn from. Hardest part is to deliver the unforgetful experience a client can derive from an apple device  its fun to paid to do what you love to.The woke culture is so planned that you don't feel the work pressure at all. ", " AITPL is transport and secondary distributions origination, it is Delhi based indian company. this time presence in Delhi, Haryana, TN,MH,GUJ, MP and Chhattishgarh. Work culture is good. ", " Working On Floor is good trying to understand business, making every day reporting which keep us active. co workers are more supportive, and knoweledge, "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " learned to handle most difficult people,patience working in a group and keeping every one motivated to reach the target. need to think out of the box and the ability to convince.  apple has a transparent and a very supportive management with some amazing managers to learn from. Hardest part is to deliver the unforgetful experience a client can derive from an apple device  its fun to paid to do what you love to.The woke culture is so planned that you don't feel the work pressure at all.:) ", " - You have to plan your own goals and achieve them - Self motivation is the key - You can learn a lot in this company - co-workers are so helpful if you indulge with them ", " very flexible working hours. learned to handle most difficult people,patience  working in a group and keeping every one motivated to reach the target. need to think out of the box and the ability to convince.  apple has a transparent and a very supportive management with some amazing managers to learn from. Hardest part is to deliver the unforgetful experience a client can derive from an apple device  its fun to paid to do what you love to.The woke culture is so planned that you don't feel the work pressure at all. ", " 1. Provide support for Account and Billing issues for iTunes Store customers through email. 2. Provide basic troubleshooting for Hardware and Networking issues. 3. Provide basic troubleshooting for Apple iOS devices like iPod, iPhone, iPad etc. 4. Assisted in the development of new policies and procedures. 5. Ability to grasp new technical things quickly. 6. Documenting any major problems customers are facing with the products in large numbers &amp; reporting it to the concerned department. 7. Assured an attentive customer service and quality at work. 8. Offered constantly high class and well-timed customer service to reach individual objectives and aimed performance levels. 9. Processed high volumes of contracts in short timeframes. 10. Given priority and managed day-to-day follow-up to make sure appropriate resolution. 11. Expressed positive, supportive, and cultivation relationships with managers and group leaders. 12. Flexible to work in shifts. ", " APPLE IS A VERY GOOD COMPANY AND I LEARNT A LOT HERE AND EXPERIENCE LOTS OF NEW THINGS   I LEARN LOTS OF NEW THING LIKE PRODUCTIVITY AND FUNCTIONALITY OF THE PRODUCT AND IN THIS JOB CUSTOMERS ALSO TEACH US A LESSON EVERYDAY   THE MANAGEMENT OF APPLE IS REALLY HELPFUL AND SUPPORTIVE  CO WORKERS OF MINE ARE VERY SUPPORTIVE AND FUN LOVING WE GUYS ARE SUPPORTS EACH OTHER   HARDEST PART OF MY JOB IS WHEN CUSTOMER DO NOT TRY TO UNDERSTAND   EVERYDAY IS ENJOYABLE OF MY JOB AND EVERYDAY I LEARN SOMETHING NEW FROM MY SENIORS OR SOMETIMES FROM MY COLLEAGUES ", " The most awaiting and exciting moment in our work was the launch of new Iphone. As I deal with the premium customers &amp; experience which I attain by dealing the  buyers of other product, I learned several thing like each person have different perspective and how we can realise it and meet their requirement. Being in a best team is as important to make our productivity and improve our team player skill, as got it in my previous organisation. If I can't enjoy what I do the life will be more miserable I guess. ", " i learn lots of things here i want to say thanks everybody for giving me such a wonderful support every one is good.  Creative lesson Planning  Good Coordinator   Self-Motivation ", " Apple is a Big dady in social media. every day around 25 million of conversations scatter around different social networks. but providing insights by considering the sample size of just 500 doesn't make sense. This is not a process related confidentiality that i can't discuss out of office. but, i would do this because i love to take challenge. when i do something which they have not done before! then i am on target. ", " * Had done work for both rollouts and support project. * Expertise in identifying customers and  establishing on business concepts * Contributed towards positive growth of the company ", " Learned how to lead a group of people where i put all my effort to attain the target.The management where so adhered to me and work pressure were not that high as we where doing all works properly.very friendly co workers who helps each other in work.The hardest part was that i need to control a group of 6 workers where if they didnt do the work properly i could hav got negative marks. ", " - Nice place to learn new technology things - Advanced than competitors in technology implementation - Fun to work - Learning is like ocean ", " Meeting lots of new people everyday asking for different electronics products.I learned a lots of new things like types of customers.My management is dual so nothing much to say because the people who hired me expect different things from me and the management i work under expect exact the opposite from me. the hardest part is to please the management .The enjoyable part is dealing and handling new customers everyday. ", " My typical day would start with overviewing channel partners performance all over india and have a birds view on business expansion plans from sales, so that i can put service infrastructure in place well before they reach the market.  Lots of things I learnt along with technology, This is where I became a thorough service professional, and this is the only company which aims at &gt;90% in customer satisfaction in IT industry.  the most enjoyable part is you get the best of the lot while you are on business trip, and as remuneration you get paid well for your efforts.  The hardest part is favoritism ............. ", " work load was heavy as i had to look after the day to day operations of the business. I learnt many skills like presence of mind, finishing scheduled tasks in time and most importantly maintaining Human relations. The proprietor of the organisation was always supportive and gave a chance to present new ideas and respected the views of the employees. Never felt frustrated or stressed at work even with heavy work load as employees were friendly and hard working. Though had problems with few employees at the beginning they were resolved in the long run. Staff were honest, reliable and loyal to the organisation. The most enjoyable part of work was recruiting people as it introduces different ideas, views personalities and exposure where there is chance to improve knowledge about different mindsets and people. Overall it was a very good and memorale experience with the organisation. ", " Exceptionally talented people working together to make apple the number one handset dealer in India.  Everything is reviewed and coordinated with apple usa, hence the ideology of us operations executives in India remains the same n we are able to implement the same effortlessly down the pipeline down to the sales exceutives as well. ", " talk about technology and there you have it. APPLE.  The worlds most technologically advanced company.  Always a conversation with a random gentleman or lady regarding difference between windows and mac.  the best thing is it kept all of us going.  The Experience to be given to customers was always on the back of our hand without any compromise. and the respect one would get when you said that you were an Apple employee with pride. ", " its challenging profile when you are representing world most admired brand &amp; frequently come across local price cutting of the product. but by end of the day technology is drived through knowledge &amp; awareness of product which gives immense satisfaction to beyond competitors &amp; close the deal. ", " I belonged to a team with vibrant members and competence spirit where we handled calls from the U.S and troubleshooted on iPods. ", " Apple is undoubtedly, without a question the best place to work. My work included system all in all administration, racking servers, storage's in Apple's data centers in China.   Had a wonderful team and great support, encouragement from the management. Apple is a place where you are heard. Suggestions, opinions and recommendations will be heard and discussed.  ", " i have learn a lot in this company.its fun to work there.everyone work like team.every day is a new day got full confident to solve any kind of problems customer  related. evening time is the best to work is the busies time. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " The industry afforded me the oppotunity to tap into further skills of my own. ( namely: marketing, negotions, business development ) I had the oppotunity to lay processes and procedures for excellent customer service delivery. I felt rewarded on a daily basis, when I would eventually win the support and trust of an expat and ensuring the Hands on Experience with Gadgets to be a fun experience rather than a stressful one. ", " This has been the best company i have worked for so far in my life.  I learned and developed a lot of skills here.   everyone has been very friendly and supportive all through my time in the company.  I almost enjoyed all my time at Apple. ", " talk about technology and there you have it. APPLE.  The worlds most technologically advanced company.  Always a conversation with a random gentleman or lady regarding difference between windows and mac.  the best thing is it kept all of us going.  The Experience to be given to customers was always on the back of our hand without any compromise. and the respect one would get when you said that you were an Apple employee with pride. ", " Great learning experience with one of the most competitive clients. ", " A typical apple store vibe.Everyday you have to face new challenges  ,solve and listen to new queries.Maintaining a good rapport with the customers by building long term relationships and adhering to their requests.You end up being a good team player and acquire good interpersonal and communication skills which is an added advantage towards fulfillment of your personal goals. ", " APPLE IS A VERY GOOD COMPANY AND I LEARNT A LOT HERE AND EXPERIENCE LOTS OF NEW THINGS   I LEARN LOTS OF NEW THING LIKE PRODUCTIVITY AND FUNCTIONALITY OF THE PRODUCT AND IN THIS JOB CUSTOMERS ALSO TEACH US A LESSON EVERYDAY   THE MANAGEMENT OF APPLE IS REALLY HELPFUL AND SUPPORTIVE  CO WORKERS OF MINE ARE VERY SUPPORTIVE AND FUN LOVING WE GUYS ARE SUPPORTS EACH OTHER   HARDEST PART OF MY JOB IS WHEN CUSTOMER DO NOT TRY TO UNDERSTAND   EVERYDAY IS ENJOYABLE OF MY JOB AND EVERYDAY I LEARN SOMETHING NEW FROM MY SENIORS OR SOMETIMES FROM MY COLLEAGUES ", " you have authority to express your ideas. Friendly environment with innovative culture. ", " m working in apple ipkone since last 3 year  and its seems very nice ", " when i was joining my job in apple, i was totaly shocked because that day i make my dream come true, i learned lots of thing from apple on of that is i know my position who i am there, in retail market. i learned how to make customer positive about our product how different i am from all other. because of full time standing job i need to leave the company thats my unhappy day,... ", " Good place to work if you like working in Mac OS. Hs lot of other opportunities apart from QA - Data Warehousing, Machine Learning, Development ", " My review is this, That I was happy with my previous job but due to store close i have to left my job.. And I don't want to go out side of my city that's why i couldn't attach with this job, But there experience was awesome...I learned so much that, how to handled all customers, When customer is not interested than how to create an activity so that they can attract with our product and store activity....etc ", " very flexible working hours. learned to handle most difficult people,patience  working in a group and keeping every one motivated to reach the target. need to think out of the box and the ability to convince.  apple has a transparent and a very supportive management with some amazing managers to learn from. Hardest part is to deliver the unforgetful experience a client can derive from an apple device  its fun to paid to do what you love to.The woke culture is so planned that you don't feel the work pressure at all. ", " apple has a very good products. a good running moving brands. ", " its challenging profile when you are representing world most admired brand &amp; frequently come across local price cutting of the product. but by end of the day technology is drived through knowledge &amp; awareness of product which gives immense satisfaction to beyond competitors &amp; close the deal. ", " Apple is one of the leading handset company across the globe. ", " first i started my career i was a fresher when i joined this company so i was more excited to work with apple ", " Very good at managerial skills, no time to waste at all, always busy. ", " I belonged to a team with vibrant members and competence spirit where we handled calls from the U.S and troubleshooted on iPods. ", " Productive and Fun workplace. Good learning experience with a friendly environment ", " My typical day would start with overviewing channel partners performance all over india and have a birds view on business expansion plans from sales, so that i can put service infrastructure in place well before they reach the market.  Lots of things I learnt along with technology, This is where I became a thorough service professional, and this is the only company which aims at &gt;90% in customer satisfaction in IT industry.  the most enjoyable part is you get the best of the lot while you are on business trip, and as remuneration you get paid well for your efforts.  The hardest part is favoritism ............. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " When I worked with Apple India the culture is open and have freedom and focus is on end result with values to achieve. ", " . Support for iTuns ,iCloud, iChat and siri applications. . Installations ,configuration of new builds. . Proving 24* 7 support with SLA timelines. . Implementing  HADR solutions . Proactive analysis for space and storage options.  Providing on - call support and all PRoduction support activities. ", " SONY INDIA  I would like to say thanks to my previous organisation because where I can learning not only understand corporate culture also so many thing which is help my to make batter carrier. The reason behind I leave previous organisation because that is not a big organisation and opportunity of growing is less. I believe change is a law of nature. ", " Apple is undoubtedly, without a question the best place to work. My work included system all in all administration, racking servers, storage's in Apple's data centers in China.   Had a wonderful team and great support, encouragement from the management. Apple is a place where you are heard. Suggestions, opinions and recommendations will be heard and discussed.  ", " Meeting lots of new people everyday asking for different electronics products.I learned a lots of new things like types of customers.My management is dual so nothing much to say because the people who hired me expect different things from me and the management i work under expect exact the opposite from me. the hardest part is to please the management .The enjoyable part is dealing and handling new customers everyday. ", " work load was heavy as i had to look after the day to day operations of the business. I learnt many skills like presence of mind, finishing scheduled tasks in time and most importantly maintaining Human relations. The proprietor of the organisation was always supportive and gave a chance to present new ideas and respected the views of the employees. Never felt frustrated or stressed at work even with heavy work load as employees were friendly and hard working. Though had problems with few employees at the beginning they were resolved in the long run. Staff were honest, reliable and loyal to the organisation. The most enjoyable part of work was recruiting people as it introduces different ideas, views personalities and exposure where there is chance to improve knowledge about different mindsets and people. Overall it was a very good and memorale experience with the organisation. ", " 1. Provide support for Account and Billing issues for iTunes Store customers through email. 2. Provide basic troubleshooting for Hardware and Networking issues. 3. Provide basic troubleshooting for Apple iOS devices like iPod, iPhone, iPad etc. 4. Assisted in the development of new policies and procedures. 5. Ability to grasp new technical things quickly. 6. Documenting any major problems customers are facing with the products in large numbers &amp; reporting it to the concerned department. 7. Assured an attentive customer service and quality at work. 8. Offered constantly high class and well-timed customer service to reach individual objectives and aimed performance levels. 9. Processed high volumes of contracts in short timeframes. 10. Given priority and managed day-to-day follow-up to make sure appropriate resolution. 11. Expressed positive, supportive, and cultivation relationships with managers and group leaders. 12. Flexible to work in shifts. ", " Excellent work culture, compititive employess, great work culture ", " Good workplace and very good on giving days off  when needed. The Management are very good in showing you any thing and very  willing to help. Apple also have good brake rooms and have lockers for employees. ", " The hardest part of the job:  With out any KT session i have asked to work as a backup resource for a week. the colleague who is working was not matching with the timings.  The most enjoyable part of the job:  we had outings and activities ", " Apple has been a great place to work from home with. They have great employees and management who want you to do well for the company.  Great discount on Apple products. ", " I love getting the opportunity to fix Apple products when they get broken or need software repair. The management could be better at developing talent instead of playing favorites. Culture at Apple is pretty cool and you get to wear jeans to work. Overall, it's a cool place to work, but that depends heavily on whether or not management favors you. ", " Apple is a great place to work. The work environment promotes having an open mind and accepting everyone. Innovation is stressed on a regular basis... ", " Flexible schedule. Fast paced environment. Great benefits. Positive atmosphere. Ability to branch out within company. Education on sales and personal skills. ", " Nice job and good pay checks. You get to meet all kinds of people. Also if your a tech person you will love the job. Good job for someone living on there own. ", " With the advancements to technology, new cellphones, more updates, and news moving quickly. Apple was a great environment to be involved with. Customers had issues with their devices and we helped build a relationship with their device. ", " The management shows favoritism to whomever acts as their groupie. It is a racist, sexist place to work. They work hard to keep and promote lazy, underperforming white males to positions where they don't have to do much, if any work, as long as they act like the manager's groupie. If you aren't a groupie, regardless of race or gender, you will be targeted to be forced into quitting by being overworked while your groupie co-workers are chatting with the boss about game of thrones or some of pop culture foolishness. ", " My experience with Apple has been eye opening and life changing. I've gained so much from my time there and always felt a sense of support from my peers, management and Apple as a company. While the benefits are hard to beat, its the people that made me stay so long. I have cultivated great friendships and connections with almost everyone I've worked with. ", " Delivery and pick up of mail in an office environment setting on a time schedule, in the mean while processing out going and receiving inbound mail while and making copies for pamphlets for meetings literature in a timely manner.... ", " Have a good team and that's why I have good experience work there. Company has a lot of different projects, but you not able to growing up as apple employee. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I learned a lot, people are helpful and exposure to many interesting projects.  Its a fast paced environment but flexible to accommodate life/work balance. ", " I love my job and what i do for this company. I'm always happy with what i am doing and management is great always willing to help me learn and grow to be a better person. ", " great place to work. good people. hours were ok. pay was good. never had any issue with management. they were very understanding of my home and work life balance ", " Sis security takes its job serious, a little too military like I am more of mellow guy and like to build a comfortable environment and show excellent customer service. ", " Having the freedom to work from home was great, but much of the day is micro-managed by managers. Depending on your manager, you could have a different experience, and much of the work involved being able to \"cover your apple\" as everyone stated. ", " Provided support for MobileMe by chat. Apple required us to talk to 3 customers at the same time without letting them know. The queue would build up with 90 people waiting. They would be really frustrated by the time they came into chat with us so some would give bad surveys. Apple changed our support and made phone support available. Once we could talk to customers by phone the position was fun. Managers were very supportive and understanding of the stress that we all went through during the chat only support. I learned how to help very frustrated people leave our support feeling like Apple was the best company at helping it's customers. I also became very good at multitasking and lightning fast at customer responses. Learned to research material and find answers for the customers very quickly. The tier 2 position was very rewarding to be able to directly resolve customer's more complicated issues. It was terrific working directly with the engineers and learning how the individual systems worked. The troubleshooting challenge is something that I really thrive on so it was definitely something that I truly enjoy. Apple also put on a lot of activities that were very unique such as beer bashes and we had almost daily food goodies brought to us. We had catered food for big events such as Beer Bashes, Christmas, New Year's, and Thanksgiving. Unfortunately we had to work on holidays, but they made it more enjoyable. There was also a fabulous Mac Cafe in our workplace available to us. ", " Working for this company was a learning and growing experience. Gained a lot of knowledge that can be applied to other jobs.Enjoyed working with the Apple product line as well. Still use most of the trouble shooting skills on my own and others products today. ", " It was good job but the manager wasent so good there is free food so that's good you have to be dating. Up for long time and be fast paste need better tea ", " There is much to learn at Apple for the first 2-4 years. After that, the work can get repetitive and unrewarding. The management structure is unique and not necessarily for the better. It can be difficult to work with other teams when you don't have something they want. The enjoyment comes from seeing the successful integration of your work into actual products such as iPhones, etc. ", " best job i had but was not inline with my career. I once again do not appreciate having to go into such details for 150 characters. I do not want to continue this. ", " Working for Apple has been the most enjoyable job I have ever worked at. It truly feels like a second family. The company is compassionate to its people and wants to make sure that you are taken care of. The management staff is supportive and only want to see you succeed. You are given the proper training needed and never set up for failure. An encouraging and fun environment, all while being a part of the largest growing technical culture of this generation. ", " Management is amazing and very understanding. Great place to start working during college with great culture and coworkers. Everyone's beyond talented. ", " Best part about working at Apple were my coworkers. Benefits were great. After a while, however, the culture changed dramatically. Management increasingly micromanaged and increasingly sought to remove the work life balance that was always so cherished. ", " Typical day at work is fast paced and goes by quickly. Management varies by store but is generally helpful and seems to want to help you in your growth with the company. ", " Micro-managed, pushed to do tasks that aren't part of your job. No room to grow unless you play favorites with the managers. I exceeded their expectations but in return other people who played favorites were allowed the room to grow. ", " A typical day at Apple is taking customer calls/chats. Meeting required standards of customer service learning new products and software. Working from home is a plus. ", " The upper management is great, and they were always looking out for your best interest.  Great environment to work in!  Very fast pace, but they give you all the tools you need to succeed.  would highly recommend! ", " Great atmosphere, great staff, hard work, but fun work.  This is not your typical retail position, instead growth is encouraged and fostered and benefits are provided starting at part time. ", " The training for this job role was great and most of staff are always really polite and supportive. The benefits are incredible too. Pension schemes, big discounts, health insurance/benefits and more.   HOWEVER be warned, working as part of the family room/genius bar is incredibly challenging and stressful I've found. You are constantly on your feet and with customers all day long non-stop.   Be expected to deal with very angry customers who will definitely take their anger out on you. The store is super busy and always fully booked for appointments so customers can be waiting hours to be seen and even longer for repairs.   Management are \"nice\" but their personal goals are very clear. I feel that Apple train their management to pretend to care about their staff in order to motivate them to work harder when there is very little chance of progression. Favoritism is something I've witnessed which surprised me.   There are never fixed hours either. They will schedule you in 2 weeks in advance but the shifts are never the same so you need to be flexible and be able to work most weekends. ", " I loved working for apple, but due to life I was unable to transfer on such short notice to my new home. One of the best job ever. I would recommend this job to anyone. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " (Contract position) A typical day of work consists of 75% of the day spent at your cubical on a laptop with a large monitor, 12.5% of mandatory break time (two 15 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunch break), and 12.5% of group discussions and team meetings. Management at times seems to lack interpersonal skills and asking questions is always a tricky situation to navigate. The team is encouraged to ask questions to maintain consistency on projects, but ask the wrong question and you risk being ridiculed by management. Team members are often compared to one another to create a competitive work environment. Favoritism by management is a large problem the team faces, and payment is not always on time or accurate. ", " Although i loved my job, getting injured from the job became a nightmare. Loved working at home for the most part, the changeing of the schedule every 6 months was ok but eventually during the end of the year it changes more frequently. and getting time off during \"holiday\" season is impossible due to poorly structured and written PTO management system. ", " Apple as a company is a great company to work for. They train and give competitive wages. The benefits are a real positive that the company offers.  A typical day at work can be very stressful and physically demanding. I learned teamwork, technical skills and staff development. Co-workers were my favorite part of the job, however management left a little to be desired. The hardest part of the Job is the customers that demanded more than what we can give. The most enjoyable would be the repairing computers. ", " My experience with Apple has been eye opening and life changing. I've gained so much from my time there and always felt a sense of support from my peers, management and Apple as a company. While the benefits are hard to beat, its the people that made me stay so long. I have cultivated great friendships and connections with almost everyone I've worked with. ", " Apple is an amazing place to work, at first. You get excited because you're working for one of the biggest, most recognizable companies in the world, but it slowly changes. Managers become condescending, it gets tiring to see people working towards promotions while they hire externally, customers are crazy. After awhile it genuinely takes a toll on your mental and physical health. Don't forget, it is retail. Hours are long and inconvenient, and then HR has certain rules about availability and store demand that MUST be met (occasionally they bend them for individuals). Pay is decent but in order to see any type of improvement you have to be around for awhile (I once met a guy, it took him 7 years to become a genius and finally make more than $20/hr). One thing that doesn't change, regardless of the location are your colleagues. Apple has perfected the group of people they hire and you always have this mini family. ", " There is much to learn at Apple for the first 2-4 years. After that, the work can get repetitive and unrewarding. The management structure is unique and not necessarily for the better. It can be difficult to work with other teams when you don't have something they want. The enjoyment comes from seeing the successful integration of your work into actual products such as iPhones, etc. ", " Working for Apple was one of my best job experiences. The only downside was that once I was determined to be a \"rock star\" in sales, it was almost impossible for me to move into a different position within the store. I was only able to recieve my technician liscense after having surgery, and not being able to be on the sales floor, which allowed me time to study and pass the test. Even then, I was only allowed behind the genuis bar when they were shorthanded. ", " Apple is a great place to work and try to keep things fun. Apple teaches you amazing skills and concepts, and training is always available when needed. Apple taught we how to handle very heated customers. The culture doesn't exclude anyone in the workplace making you fell comfortable. The benefits are some of the best in the world. Apple hasn't been offering as much room to move up in the chain of command and that is one downside as they have been hiring externally. ", " Each day was filled with new experiences that helped build ones character and ability to adjust to an ever changing environment.  Co-workers are among some of the smartest and most creative people who are always pushing one another to improve day in and day out. ", " Lovely benefits through third parties, generous discounts and mandatory advancement. At-Home Advisors can have trouble with work/life balance as your office is in home. For a young guy like me, my office is my room. All in one, lol. But amazing employer. ", " Overall Apple is a good company to work for. The environment is relaxed and fun, there's plenty of parties and events to attend and the benefits are amazing. But there's no specific processes set in place to help you when you're providing service to a customer. Everything changes constantly which makes the job a little unstable sometimes. The management is nice but there's a strong sense of favoritism. ", " Answered phones for iOS and Mac+ troubleshooting.   I learned in depth how to trouble shoot Mac computers and also iOS devices.  Management was just as new as I was so that made it hard some days when I needed a question answered.  Great atmosphere and lots of incentives to keep working.  Loved the group that I was able to be apart of. Still talk to this group today. ", " - Diversity is celebrated - Great culture -  working among creative driven people who collaborate together to achieve goals - Friendly coworkers - Good Benefits - Stock discount, 401K, Employee discount, Full Healthcare for PT and FT - Continuous training and opportunity for growth  - Decent pay ", " This is a great place to work! The team culture is awesome and great and the benefits are off the chart! The option to work from home and the company advancement are great! ", " Good Job Work/Life Balance Good Compensation/Benefits Good Job Security/Advancement Good Management Good Job Culture  Overall Good experience at Apple. ", " Great place to work and awesome compensation for the age I was when I started. However advancement was long process and included minuscule pay increases. Management was awesome and friendly as well as most of the team I worked with. ", " What can i say....Great place to work, part time position. great benefits, schedule to work 4-5 days and you know when you working for 3 week in advance. Very hard to getting a position, not easy. great co-workers. hard to get off on weekend. fun, work as big family. good for college student to grow and learn so much, great training. ", " I loved working for this company when I first started, and felt that I have so many opportunities to learn something new. The novelty of the company wore off, the management team is incapable of keeping a sufficient work flow. The company is becoming increasingly more corporate and does not hold the same values. The benefits are what keep me there, I feel every position, aside from mangement, are under paid. ", " Apple will give you skills that will come in handy for future positions; i.e. customer service, time management, and organization. That being said it is retail and there isn't much room to grow. ", " Great company, with amazing products; Perfect Work/Life Balance; Good compensation, team building events Great, smart and enthusiastic people Perfect place to build a career "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " No days off, poor raises, poor security, very strict, no grace period, no bonuses, but they will pay you for double-time and they do have good health coverage ", " Apple provided me with an Abundance of experience in technical Support. I've learned things related to the position and IOS devices that will benefit me throughout life. ", " Pros Working at Apple means that the things you work on get into the hands of hundreds of millions of people, literally. It's a lot of pressure to get things right and drives one to do the best work of their lives. 4+ years later I'm still blown away by the talent and creativity of people I work with. Cons It's a lot of work, teams are usually strapped for resources and under pressure to deliver on strict timelines leading to high stress and long hours at certain times during the year. ", " the workdays go by typically fast. consistent training. Apple management is determined and caring for their employees and generally do everything they can to see you advance, when first applying through the temp agency not so much. Volt is helpful too to get your foot in the door but the onsite reps do not care for their employees. Hardest part of the job is that you are through a temp agency at first which is pretty much a year long interview with very strict guidelines. the most enjoyable part is the variety of people you contact daily, and the extensive trainings. ", " A fantastic place to work with lots of opportunities for progression within the retail sector. Lots of benefits and a great company ethos attracting some of the best employees around. ", " Nice place to work with great culture. They work hard to develop their employees into hardworking, intelligent, and creative innovators. So long as the customer and employee satisfaction remaines the focus of the stores management team, everything works smoothly. ", " It depends on how you would like to see it. They are always looking for the guy who would represent their culture but sometimes it is hard to get that guy. ", " Good job to work part-time. They pay well for a retail job and benefits are good. Depending in what store you work in, it gets very crazy. Typical customer service job. Customers are jerks, but you will get by. You get good discounts, don't think you will move so high in this store, but it is possible just takes time. Management isn't great, but again it is a good part-time job just because of the pay &amp; benefits. ", " I love working here.  Front the time you start it is a welcoming place to be.  You never feel restricted which is not how it feels on my previous roles at other companies.  Very amazing and smart people to work with. ", " I loved driving for Apple employees, they are among the nicest, generous, inspiring and giving folks I've ever met.  Very talented and globally benevolent people. ", " Great company, with amazing products; Perfect Work/Life Balance; Good compensation, team building events Great, smart and enthusiastic people Perfect place to build a career ", " Great company to work for. Clean and safe work environment and upward mobility is endless. This is a great company. The managers and leaders are very friendly and helpful. ", " I enjoyed my time with Apple.  To be successful, you must be an out of the box creative problem solver who is able to execute with little or no supervision.  If you are exceeding expectations, you will be pretty much left to do your job on your own. ", " working at apple computer made me realize a lot ive learned with sales, the most enjoyable part of my job is talking on the phone with customers.,making ", " It's a great place to work if you don't have obligations or time restrictions because they won't always work with your schedule. So if you have a lot of time on your hands, go for it! ", " Great people to work with every single day. Yes, Apple is a big company but it doesn't feel that way. There is a sense of family when you work there in the stores ", " Although i loved my job, getting injured from the job became a nightmare. Loved working at home for the most part, the changeing of the schedule every 6 months was ok but eventually during the end of the year it changes more frequently. and getting time off during \"holiday\" season is impossible due to poorly structured and written PTO management system. ", " Excellent learning Environment in a start-up like environment. Opportunity to work in a cross-skill team environment................................................... ", " Workplace culture is so positive, very employee friendly.Company has always made me feel as a valued employee. I value the support the company gives to individual employees. ", " It was awesome experience working with Apple, nice environment work gained so much knowledge and i had the wonderful time there and The management is extremely friendly and ready to help at any time. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Best call center helpdesk to work in hands down - training is extensive, couching and follow-up is constant, only hurdle is politics with management that will affect promotions and new positions. ", " A typical day at work is very quiet as Apple's policy is to have much more people in than the activity to ensure that no customer contact will be lost. I learnt a great deal on Logistics; Order Management; Complaints Management; Fulfilment operations and human nature. Co-workers are professional and fun to work with. Hardest part of the job is that due to the amount of people in, there is only pure work for 1 to 2 hours a day out of 8 hours. It therefore makes the day very long as there is nothing to work during the empty times. In addition, the schedules are not fix and change every week sometimes every day which makes it quite hard for work/life balance and management does not assist in helping employees find arrangements to suit everyone when possible. Most enjoyable part is the colleagues and exchanges with the company. Also, the company is very decent when employees are leaving even if resigning one will get two months salary on average. ", " great place to work. However if you are considering advancing in the retail work it's a lot of politics with management. ", " So far, the greatest team I have ever worked with. We are focused, efficient, and most importantly, caring for each other and customers and their needs. I have grown more here than anywhere else. I've learnt more about business and more about myself here too. ", " the work place ther is like a kindergraden  the management doesnt seam to know what is happening in the center  system always crash  the hire IT is nearly neaver there the hire agent have to fix the issue by themeself  when  the a office it hire/paid to do that work ", " Working at apple was exciting, eye opening and certainly different. You learn a lot of valuable skills and the perks that go with the job certainly are amazing. However scheduling of rosters is extremely poor and leave you with little notice to plan your life. The scheduling is more of a casual roster yet you're hired as part time? Hours are scattered and never the same, and often extremely short shifts. Wage is extremely ordinary and the customers you serve are extremely entitled and rude at times.  While the experience is fun and looks good on your resume, if you're wanting to progress in the future and go into a hire roll or have a social life I would steer clear. Just another glorified sales assists position. ", " Service area is very stressful and schedules will hinder your work life balance. Overall the campus is very nice, however compensation remains on the lower end of the scale in many roles. Great benefits and growth has appeared to slow down. ", " Company is nice to work for from home bug not enough room for advancement. If you just want a 9 to 5 with good benefits it is just fine. ", " The company had great benefits and compensation. Most managers were eager to help with with job development if you were looking to exceed in your role. The company hosted different events to keep the employees happy and provided different service there on campus like a gym, doctors office with a pharmacy, dental office, and therapist.  Scheduling was a little difficult to deal with, you would get a new schedule every 3 months and it wouldn't always be something that was ideal to your personal life. Over all the company was great. ", " I was wrongfully terminated due to being put on a thirty day performance evaluation and failed due to technical issued caused by the company. I clearly followed all rules and procedures required to document and or fix the issues and was told by the companys   own help desk who advised the reason why your perfomance is failing due to technical issues is because my manager had took all my normal work permissions away. These permissions were taken away prior to my review. None the less I was still terminated. Other than that I Apple Inc is a wonderful place to work for and I live by their products. Til this day I would still recommend Apple products over any other products. ", " I have learned so much from Apple Inc. They have helped me grow, not only as a sales specialist, but as person. They have me helped me become more open minded, be more thoughtful towards others' passions, and to always self-improve. The typical day is a new day. Expecting to learn something new, whether it comes from the company or from a customer! It is always busy which makes it fun for me. I am presented with new problems from customers with their Apple devices. It allows me to become more creative and find new solutions to help customers as well as my fellow peers. I will never regret working for Apple! ", " You've got to hand it to Apple.  The cult following and presence and marketing of the company means you would be a fool not to want to work there.  You should.  Their recruitment is second to none and the people that surround you are talented, knowledgeable, creative and inspiring.  That alone makes you stay.  However the progression, genuine opportunity in the UK to better yourself an move forward is limited.  If you are at junior level, this is the place to be, middle management and above forget it.  You can learn, don't get me wrong, but you will not progress and will waste time in a company that you adore, when other companies, that you are less passionate about, can offer you so much more ", " the workdays go by typically fast. consistent training. Apple management is determined and caring for their employees and generally do everything they can to see you advance, when first applying through the temp agency not so much. Volt is helpful too to get your foot in the door but the onsite reps do not care for their employees. Hardest part of the job is that you are through a temp agency at first which is pretty much a year long interview with very strict guidelines. the most enjoyable part is the variety of people you contact daily, and the extensive trainings. ", " Amazing place to work at, good benefits, talented peers, many development opportunities. The culture is amazing, it is consistent throughout the whole company. ", " Working at Apple Care you learn a lot about the device you own. The hardest part about the job was the surveys. Sometimes customer will rate the company as a whole and not yourself even if you provided radical customer service experience. This taught me to understand the call patterns and how I should start off my calls. The verbiage on the calls was very relaxed. We did not want the customer to think we were trying to hard to sound customer service friendly. I enjoyed how management coach us every single days and asked us about somewhat personal questions to get to know us. Apple is user friendly and a people friendly job. ", " Great people and great benefits Management is out of touch does not care about the employees for the given team I worked on. More focused on making customer happy and losing employees in the process. ", " Overall, Apple is a good company to work for.  Everybody is excited to work for Apple.  The day goes fast because we are busy all the time. ", " I love my peers and my job. I truly enjoy going to work everyday.   The only pretty significant downside to Apple is it can take years to get full time. I know people who have been ready for a position for 3-5 years, waiting for it just to open. Their is a ton of talent that leaves apple because they need full time.  For me being a student, its a great job. Part time is fine, pay is way better than any other retail enviroment, and it looks snazzy on a resume.   If you're looking for this to be a career, id be somewhat skeptical, getting 40 hours a week is not easy. ", " Nice perks, okay pay, new manger every six weeks ( bad business management )  Apple care  Cool peers for the most part,  Hipsters seem to move up the ladder fairly quick. I'm not one to wear yellow bifocals. if you like people yelling at you all day for stuff you're not responsible for and no one will ever take ownership of, this is the place for you. I've never seen people act so rude as I have taking thousands of calls as a senior advisor. People can be very nasty ( that's the worst part of the job).  I learned a great deal of patients during my almost decade of working for Apple. and that it simply is a dog eat dog corporate world for sure. ", " I learned more at this job than any other job on my resume. I learned almost daily how to become a better manager to all levels at Apple. The teams are very bright, intuitive and driven. You have to be highly adaptable and humble. Each one of us was hired for very specific skills, talents and character we brought to better Apple. You may have been \"the best\" in your previous company in certain areas/competancies..but suddenly you enter Apple and they challenge you in ways that you realize you have a lot to work on. It is a community/team where everyone inspires one another to do more..become better at their job...think differently. It is extremely diverse which creates so many opinions and questions - a reflection of what the world in a way is. I highly recommend Apple to anyone ready for the challenge. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Fun environment. Great group of people to work with. solid company with excellent products. Casual dress, work life balance, bonuses. Huge room for promotion. ", " Top Company with hunger to innovate and push boundaries, Fun Filled place to work, Work is simple focused on the Goal and its a company which brings the best in person. ", " Timely breaks. Training time for each employee. Positive and collaborative workplace culture. Hardest part of the job includes multitasking to ensure each customer gets first class experience. Co workers and relationships are the most enjoyable part of the job. ", " - Diversity is celebrated - Great culture -  working among creative driven people who collaborate together to achieve goals - Friendly coworkers - Good Benefits - Stock discount, 401K, Employee discount, Full Healthcare for PT and FT - Continuous training and opportunity for growth  - Decent pay ", " I was wrongfully terminated due to being put on a thirty day performance evaluation and failed due to technical issued caused by the company. I clearly followed all rules and procedures required to document and or fix the issues and was told by the companys   own help desk who advised the reason why your perfomance is failing due to technical issues is because my manager had took all my normal work permissions away. These permissions were taken away prior to my review. None the less I was still terminated. Other than that I Apple Inc is a wonderful place to work for and I live by their products. Til this day I would still recommend Apple products over any other products. ", " Apple provided a great learning experience.  My work ethics and job skills were greatly strengthened during my time with Apple. ", " As a student, incredibly flexible with work/life balance and respect towards your position and how you can advance in the company. Employees feel generally valued, and can speak freely and openly (feedback culture appreciated). ", " This job required being persist with very small clues, as well as taking your time to look at areas that may not come to the surface right away enjoyed the working environment, would love to work at apple again. ", " Working here is a great place to be immersed around culture, skills, creativity and passions. You are always learning on the fly, a fast-paced, working environment. ", " Love fun environment and diverse culture working with very talented people. Have a great retention rate in our teams. The best team ever! ", " I have learned so much from Apple Inc. They have helped me grow, not only as a sales specialist, but as person. They have me helped me become more open minded, be more thoughtful towards others' passions, and to always self-improve. The typical day is a new day. Expecting to learn something new, whether it comes from the company or from a customer! It is always busy which makes it fun for me. I am presented with new problems from customers with their Apple devices. It allows me to become more creative and find new solutions to help customers as well as my fellow peers. I will never regret working for Apple! ", " Best Job I ever had. I love the place, people and company, but hated the pay. I would go back if there were better opportunities for growth and work/life balance. ", " The Apple store is fast pace and extremely busy from open to close. Which is an environment I like because the time flies by much quicker. The people I get to meet is also a benefit because I get to learn from everyone. ", " Very Diverse Best place to grow Happy and energetic  Has a lot of potential to move up within the company Positive vibes Great people that are willing train ", " Most of the work is tedious and requires a lot of mental stamina. The management there treats you like a person. What i learned from working there is that it's okay to take breaks. ", " I would answer calls, assist with the customer as to any issues or if they have questions about the products. I.E. Phones, other portable devices or even their computers. -I would also be able to remote into the computers if need just to see what they are seeing. That way we could work together to resolve any issues. -There are only challenges that we come across not really something that is hard  -Most enjoyable thing about my job is helping and feeling better when an issue is resolved. ", " You'd think for Apple it would be up to the standards that apple sets but NO. Management is a joke pick favorites, no advancement. People kiss *** and there is favoritism when it comes to promotion for lead experiences or genius.  They don't let you attend church and have Sundays off if you are religious completely anti- religious company. They don't care about the workers. You could work every day of the week except Sunday and they still won't be happy. the job sucks its good pay for retail but its still retail. better off somewhere else. ", " The company has a strong vision. It is very rewarding to work for a company that really thrives to make positive impacts on the way we live. Leadership has a very important responsibility to spread their words and help the big team, envision the future with Apple and empower each and every one of team members to maximise their talents to make this vision true. It requires a hard work to keep up in the company. Great place to learn leadership skills. ", " Good company. I recommended to all. From benefits to be able to work with the best of the best. Apple's hiring process is tough. It's all about who you are. Be unique. Be professional. Be open minded. Be a creative. Involve yourself in your community. \uf8ff  promotes that and much more. ", " Company definitely holds up to is standards, assisting customers that are just as passionate about Apple as you are makes your time at an Apple Store worth while. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Best benefits of any company I have ever worked for. Enjoyed going to work every day! Apple lets their employees build relationships with their customers and that makes it even more fun. ", " retail hours. Work nights, weekends, holidays. Most people work at apple because of the culture. Great products and nice work environment. I would recommend apple ", " I learned how to take and apply written feedback that was given by other Fraud Prevention Specialist. In previous jobs, feedback was given face to face. ", " Stress-free work environment with no dress code was very relaxing. Cafeteria is delicious and affordable. Free food and refreshments are great, and took advantage of everyday. ", " the work place ther is like a kindergraden  the management doesnt seam to know what is happening in the center  system always crash  the hire IT is nearly neaver there the hire agent have to fix the issue by themeself  when  the a office it hire/paid to do that work ", " A typical 8 hour job dependent on schedule. With decent management and relatively easy work. A temporary contract job that helps meet ends meet. ", " Apple has one of the best operational processes for any company. The work load is quite balanced. In terms of job security, Apple is one of the best company to work for but if you are looking for career progression then you may want to rethink your decision of joining Apple. Always keep in mind that Apple recruits the best and feel delighted to get a chance but don't forget you are one of best. Apple has one of best work resources and thus, its great to learning and application of new concepts and ideas. ", " I came in early and i left late everyday! not because i had too but because i loved my job, i loved the people i worked. we had fun and we got the job done! ", " Apple is a great place to work from top to bottom management is awesome and understanding the staff becomes family the company culture is amazing I still live by apple code ", " * Little to no training during the 6 week training process. *Never in my life have I ever experienced such unprofessionalism. *The one perk was being able to work from home but the lack of training made it very difficult working alone, ", " It's not a difficult job, however, hard work does not pay off.  Everything is a personality contest.  If you rub one manager the wrong way, you will never get any opportunities for growth.  If you aren't their perfect little Apple boy/girl, forget about getting full time hours or changing roles. ", " It is indeed one of the great companies in the Silicon Valley and it's going to be there for a while. The work-life balance is not that good and people are not technically sound (at least in the team where I worked). You are mostly all on your own to deliver and very little help is provided by your so-called mentors. ", " if you like doing the same thing every single day and working for twenty-something managers with almost no life experience, then this is the perfect job for you. ", " Amazing place to work at, good benefits, talented peers, many development opportunities. The culture is amazing, it is consistent throughout the whole company. ", " Retail schedules can be tough to balance with family life, but there's no shortage of pride in product or company. The culture is great as well. The company as a whole strives for not only better products but a better planet and global community. ", " I didn't like working here and it's apple crossing not apple. It was way to far of a drive and there was no advancement opportunties. ", " Good public transport connections close to the city centre. I now have a better knowledge of corporate multinational companies. Very dedicated workforce. Really good facilities on campus for all staff to avail of. ", " The typical day for this company at a retail level was stressful. Easy to get burnt out after many years. Retail does not have a lot of room for movement, very competitive. ", " This company is horrible to work for they pay $10.50 as a supervisor. They treat everyone like they are stealing, when passing through a metal detector, getting waived and beeped by the scanner adds points to your behavior and determination for termination in the future. No future progress of incentive to stay and work for long time, no raises, no evaluation, no fairness of employee, and no respect from upper-management. I feel very bad when i worked at this company. ", " I am just their campus rep. Apple is very generous to our students. But their management team isn't as creative as I expected. Maybe because the company is too large to do anything risky. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Working at Apple Care you learn a lot about the device you own. The hardest part about the job was the surveys. Sometimes customer will rate the company as a whole and not yourself even if you provided radical customer service experience. This taught me to understand the call patterns and how I should start off my calls. The verbiage on the calls was very relaxed. We did not want the customer to think we were trying to hard to sound customer service friendly. I enjoyed how management coach us every single days and asked us about somewhat personal questions to get to know us. Apple is user friendly and a people friendly job. ", " It's a great place for benefits and you'll work with so much talent. The company pushes career employees but for most people, they reach a ceiling within a few years. If you aren't top of the class, you'll be working retail for years. ", " Apple has been the best company to work for, provides amazing benefits for pretty much anything you can think of and treats employees with the upmost respect \ud83d\ude01 ", " For retail it is different then any other retail. Benefits are good. It is almost like a second family working at Apple. Easy to understand coworkers. ", " You get to work with a large team of fun and talented people. Be prepared to work hard as the environment is fast paced and very demanding. It's not for the faint of heart. ", " Working for Apple was an amazing experience. I learned so much about so many different things including myself while working here. The people that are drawn to this job are some of the most amazing people I've ever had the pleasure to meet. I highly recommend this demanding yet rewarding job. ", " I will say that apple taught me how to work productively with a team and the people that apple hires are some of the warmest individuals that I have ever met. I worked as a genius for apple and found that the hardest part of my day was probably dealing with the loads of people that enter the door, but as I stated above, the people that apple hires, makes all the difference and not to mention the training is top class. ", " I am looking forward to something I really enjoy doing, like banking and Forex trading . It was not  really what I enjoyed doing, and not  the type of carrier I wanted to persuade. ", " If you want a job that time flies by Apple is the palce to be. Great vacation hours and most amazing the benefits. Cant complain only reason why I couldnt stay was due to my availabilty ", " One great thing about Apple is the people you have the opportunity to work with. Never in my career have I worked with such a close knit group of people and even after 3 years of employment elsewhere I can still say that the employees I met from working at Apple are still some of my closest friends. You'll learn a lot here about technology and how to best help people, and from the store I worked at it was pretty easy to become a jack-of-all-trades (I was primarily in Sales, but was able to learn how to fix mobile devices and help when needed).  Be aware, this is NOT a company you can work for and sit around and do nothing at. You'll almost always be busy helping someone, cleaning the store, straightening up products, and so many other options. But the days go by fast and you'll be genuinely happy to come back in for your next shift.  Apple has taken a lot of missteps since I've left. There are many employees that should have been promoted to managers (leader turnover was high at the store I worked at), but Apple insisted on hiring externally, which I don't believe was fair when you have plenty of hard working, proven, and qualified individuals that deserve that position more than an external hire. They weren't (and from what I know, still haven't) been given a chance to interview for the many management positions that have continually appeared because of the turnover rate.  All in all, Apple was an invaluable experience and a beyond great one. There are big problems the company has and needs to find solutions for, but I only left because I had graduated college (even retail ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> employees can receive tuition reimbursement) and moved forward on my career path, which they were very supportive of. ", " Part of the technical team was very busy, and draining but enjoyable, challenging customers, in fact at times very rude customers but management would always support you. No progression as everyone thinks they are management material. Great work culture and management teams, very motivating, but you would expect better pay for what the store staff achieve for Apple. ", " I quit TV industry for about 10 month, due to once a massive project almost ruined my health.  I was a teacher there to teach customers how to use Apple's video software, and also maintain the video product they sold to the customers.   After ten month, I quit the Apple and went back to the TV industry. ", " You can work at home for some positions and Apple will provide decent salary and benefits based on your location. The organization is so huge that it is hard to reach higher managers, but your work can be recognized as long as you perform well. ", " Too stressful! Stress and it seemed like it was run like a weak start up.  They had so many glitches in their process.  Internal apps were not up to par.  Too Stressful!!! ", " Best thing is that you are working from home and they provide you with a computer and a iPod, so that you can serve the customer in a better way. Left because of personal issues. ", " A typical day at work is mostly fun. I have learned how to multi-task and manage my time, and how to  be extremely patient while dealing with different kinds of customers, at the same time adjusting to their communication style. ", " Apple is an excellent place to work. From enticing benefits to a refreshing corporate culture, Apple strives hard every day to bring above and beyond technical support to those customers who need it. ", " Apple is a very inclusive and forward thinking company that cares about their customers and their employees. It's fun and fast-paced, and if you know how to talk to people it will be easy most days. There's a good deal of development with managers and it feels personalized. Benefits are amazing and upward mobility always feels like an option if that's what you want/you're ready for it. ", " company provides great benefits such as health, fitness and tuition reimbursement, vision, 401K, employee stock purchase options, and paid vacation for full time employees. ", " I worked for Apple for a number of years and saw many ups and downs. Overall it's a positive place to work, but it really depends on which department or manager you are working for. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Not much to say here. If you enjoy people and a fast paced environment with limited flexibility in your schedule then this is the place for you. Its retail. You work hard and feel good about it. ", " apple is a great place to learn and grow regarding technology. The only downside is the micro managing culture of SOME of the managers. It can be Mentally exhausting. ", " This company has changed drastically over the last few years. As it has grown quickly, the work environment has become much more corporate. There is a large influx of former Dell management that have joined the team and the work environment is more like Dell (all of the bad stories you have heard over the years). Employees are now seen as disposable. ", " Very focused on individual development, great work life balance and amazing benefits. The flexibility working from home offered was also a major plus ", " I love my job with AppleCare. I can say that not only are the benefits great, but the environment is what you make it. Yes, you can make your work environment the best atmosphere so that you can provide exceptional customer service to the customers of Apple, Inc. Each team is like a family and we are all extended families from our teams. Love working here so very much. ", " I always loved walking into work because I knew I was there to do something that mattered. Apple taught me new ways to look at the relationship between a customer and a product. The ways in which I learned to communicate with people and act as a professional are lessons I will not soon forget.  The benefits for working at a company like Apple are hard to find anywhere else. From the Employee Stock purchase program to the ability to access some of the best software on the market for little to no charge, Apple takes care of their employees. ", " From your first to your last day with Apple, expect to be pushed to your limits in your knowledge and ability in several ways. Your team and your fellow coworkers are great at supporting you and keeping the environment cheerful and positive. Plenty of opportunities to grow as an AppleCare representative and in administrative positions. That in mind, you will need to be more than proactive in reaching out to additional hiring managers if you want to be anything but AppleCare. ", " Apple cares about its people and encourages development. They strive on customer experience instead of sales. Work life balance was great.  Benefits were extended to part timers. ", " Good company. I recommended to all. From benefits to be able to work with the best of the best. Apple's hiring process is tough. It's all about who you are. Be unique. Be professional. Be open minded. Be a creative. Involve yourself in your community. \uf8ff  promotes that and much more. ", " I love working here.  Front the time you start it is a welcoming place to be.  You never feel restricted which is not how it feels on my previous roles at other companies.  Very amazing and smart people to work with. ", " No day was ever typical, my time was focused on supporting our team in all their activities. This involved authoring and delivering training, managing the day to day activities of our 100+ person team. Often rapidly switching between customer facing activities to resolving deep technical issues.   Learned how to manage a team in a very fast paced and dynamic environment. Along side this I developed my skills in Competency based talent identification as well as employee development.   The team I worked with was one of the most committed and intelligent you will find. It was extremely rewarding to pull a very diverse team together to focus on shared goals. Bringing out the passion that everyone had was one of the most rewarding experiences as the senior team leader.   The main challenge was the work/life balance, with very short term rota made it hard to plan a social life around work. Coupled with hours that were often based around what needed to be done than the specific hours scheduled was extremely stressful. ", " its a very busy day everyday, dynamic but exhausting, i learned alot about the products and technologies it uses,team work and presenting the most satisfying customer service ever. the place is fun cause of the co-workers and the managment is very friendly. Hardest part of the job is having to put up with the long hours and on the other side the fun part is actually working on an issue untill i see the results coming back wid a resoloution.. its definetly worth i ", " Apple is a very fun and dynamic environment. Its a place where you manage the vision of company and ensure that internal and external customer are comfortable. ", " It's a good place to work for as far as pay and benefits however, They are not very accommodating with work/life/family balance. There should be no reason to be open on major holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas especially if the stores are closed. Those times should be for family time. If people buy these products for their families they should have it set up BEFORE the holiday and ready to use! Corporate greed has taken over with little to no compassion for family/life outside of work. They feel you should ALWAYS be available for the hours they operate and not everyone's life is the same........need more balance for sure and less greed. ", " The job can be fun and stressful at the same time. Compensation is good but management support is soso. I learned a lot and had fun learning about the apple history and products. ", " Entered the call center, started with a low energy meeting, got to work, helped customers with tech issues. management was neglectful (outsourced call center to another company). Co-workers were highly qualified and great to work with. It was hard to keep enthusiastic with middle management not full invested with our success. The best part of the job was my co-workers... ", " The typical day of a Genius in Apple Store is divided between repair duties and customer service, providing support for any kind of issue customers' devices could present.  I learned a lot of technical and social skills. Moreover I learned how to handle very difficult situations and a very good attitude to problem solving.  The management is very efficient, built in horizontal structure that make every manager in touch with employes.  A very huge family, more friends than co-workers. I met very good guys that made the ambient very comfortable.  The hardest part of the job was facing very upset customers because of their devices fault.  The most enjoyable part of the job was the relationship with my co-workers and the leadership team. Furthermore the best part of my job was the training session I used to provide for the new employes. ", " Apple is a great company to work for. The benefits are decent, the work culture is good, and the employees are genuinely amazing people. ", " The management was very nice. I got to learn a lot during the internship. The whole culture of the organization is centered around delivering amazing products. Attention to detail is in the DNA. I got a chance to meet some really talented individuals. ", " Great company to work for. Flexible hours and a lot of benefits for their employees and time off. Management was cool and so were my colleagues. Able to select hours for work "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Over all Company is really good. Work culture , management , colleague , work environment and the very good thing is \"You can ask them for new task\". Take new responsibility , show them all opportunity and take the opportunity.  Also no inter fair in personal , proper give time enjoy with friends and family.  Overall I will a very friendly , open minded , ready to work , ready to take new challenges.   It really a good company. ", " Apple is a a great place to work, be mindful of the atmosphere. Drink the Kool-Aid and fit in with the culture, if you don't you will not last long. ", " Considering hiring more management positions from within. Not much opportunity for growth for employees, and management doesn't invest a lot in career opportunities for employees to learn new skills and new positions. ", " I have absolutely loved working for Apple since October of 2016. Hands down the most equipped I have ever felt through training, continuing through my time on the floor due to my coworkers being willing to collaborate to help me through certain aspects of the job.   Managers are great, are well informed and educated on Apple policies/news, and are extremely passionate about Apple culture. ", " Apple is an awesome company but there is no advancement if you can only work part-time.   Chat position is global support. Online training is tough but thorough and amazing. Everyone is helpful.  You will not feel like you are working alone at any point.  Great Healthcare. ", " A typical day is coming in to a lot of negativity and managers who favor those who hang in the office with them while you work hard to make up for their absence. Management has their favorites and they don't help you grow and develop to move up in the company. Forget wanting to move up or obtaining a career here. Benefits are good while finance does not cut hours drastically when products are not being launched. Decent discounts, terrible co workers who are afraid you step on their little toes and a highly discouraging management team that undervalue their employees by thinking they are not qualified for anything. ", " Apple is place that is great to work for. They are diverse company with job advancement.  They teach many life changing skills that allow you to apply in future jobs or rolls. ", " Exciting business work environment. Great team members and leaders to all help achieve to customer satisfaction and store goals. The most enjoyable part of the job is to create customer ownership and help small business grow with apple technology and services in store and on line. The management is amazing at helping the team with any concerns and provide great coaching at  a very professional level. I have always seen team members feel more encouraged and innovated after receiving feed back from leadership. ", " I love working for Apple at its retail location at Station Park, Farmington, Utah. It's by far the most fun job I've ever had. ", " Management and the job culture is lacking, but the company is a great company to work for. The benefits are really nice, and once you are in with Apple, it is very easy to move and grow within the company ", " Retail schedules can be tough to balance with family life, but there's no shortage of pride in product or company. The culture is great as well. The company as a whole strives for not only better products but a better planet and global community. ", " A very employee-centered company. They took care of us: good benefits, work/life balance, empathetic managers, inspirational and motivational place to work. ", " This is great job for anyone wanting to work at home and who loves technology and Apple products. You log onto the equipment they provide you and simply help customers with any questions or concerns they have about Apple products. The management is very good, the employees are fun to work with and any challenges with tech issues you aren't familiar with are answered pretty quickly and with kindness. The most difficult part of the job is when Apple comes out with new products and they do launches. The hours are long and at times can seem exhausting but they really make an effort to give you as the employee as much support as you need to assist your clients. ", " This job is very fast past and busy on most days, especially the weekends and holidays.  The pay could honestly be better for the amount of work you do whether you're a technician or sales person. You do not make commission which is ok in some aspects but they expect you to hit specific sales numbers.  The days can be long and you have to deal with sometimes rude and angry customers.  The culture however is a ton of fun and the co-workers for the most part were awesome. You get to play with new products and even get some great discounts.  The health insurance is amazing as well!  It is very hard to move up however because everyone in the company is wanting to move up to higher level sales, technician or manager positions.  In three years I never received a promotion but was constantly getting good reviews and taking the most appointments in the store. I would recommend the job as a great fun retail job but not something you would make a living out of. ", " Customer service facing role. On the phones. Not a great work/life balance. Great benefits. Don't like the work environment. Would like an out of home job. ", " A typical day at work was always stressful it was like walking on egg shells every day. And the management was never organized throughout the day. But I did learn a lot while working with the company which I would take them skills thought-out life. Hardest part is just the call center environment just need to stay away from the rest of the advisor and managers. ", " I have worked for AppleCare for one year, and I have to say, even though the pay is good and you work from home, the stress that comes along with it is NOT worth it. Yes the company has great benefits, medical, discounts, etc. But they like to move you around to different departments (Without your permission), you will come in one day to work and you be in a different department and queue. With no additional money to go along with the extra responsibility.   Also, you have the option to work 8 hour or 10 hour shifts with Apple. 40 hours per week with possible overtime. To me, being sweared and cussed at for 10 hours a day over their Apple ID being locked, and giving you bad surveys for not being able to unlock (For whatever be the reason) the managers always take the customers side.   Over all, AppleCare gave me the experience to move on to better things outside of the company. I started out in iOS Chat Support, then got moved to iTunes Phones, to iOS Phones, back to iOS Chat, then back to iOS Phones. Enough was enough.   If you're looking for a job where you are constantly put through the ringer with no stability, then this is the job for you lol. ", " Working from a home is a convenient and great opportunity. Home environment is just like a work environment. I've learned more about apple products since starting here. Management is the coolest, they really work with you and give you the tools you need to succeed. Co-workers are always ready to help and reliable team players. Hardest part about the job is not having any physical contact with anyone. Most enjoyable part of the job is being to stay home and still get your work done ", " Apple is both one of the best and most stressful places I have ever worked (at least in the retail side of things). They expect a lot out of their employees, but have a tough time meeting them in the middle when it comes to work-live balance. On the one hand, the benefits and salary from Apple are exeplary and I wish other companies could follow suit, but on the other hand you are almost expected to bend over backwards to meet the businesses needs. Time off is difficult to acquire, and scheduling is absolute garbage when it comes to even the day by day operation. There are times where I didn't come in to work knowing when I actually had a shift because a change was made the night before and I wasn't notified, then received a tardy because I was late. Come on Apple! Friendly atmosphere and team, most of the time because Apple really treats you like a family member, and if you need time off for family or health issues it is regulated but plentiful. I had 6+ weeks of paid paternity leave as an example! ", " It is indeed one of the great companies in the Silicon Valley and it's going to be there for a while. The work-life balance is not that good and people are not technically sound (at least in the team where I worked). You are mostly all on your own to deliver and very little help is provided by your so-called mentors. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Superb place to work, I learned so much and met many wonderful people. A culture of empowerment and leadership with a superb management team. Just a a great experience. Apple is the best! ", " The industry afforded me the oppotunity to tap into further skills of my own. ( namely: marketing, negotions, business development ) I had the oppotunity to lay processes and procedures for excellent customer service delivery. ", " great work environment, fast paced, ability to learn a lot and give back even more. many opportunities to meet pioneers in varied fields. ", " I would work a lot more than others, but managers would prefer some cultures. not treat everyone equal. I really enjoyed working with some awesome people in there, but there were too many rules every week. ", " This is a great job if you can balance work/relaxation in the same space. I didn't like it because I worked out of my bedroom and it felt like I was at work 24/7. They also weren't very flexible around school, which is the reason I had to leave. ", " Apple takes pride in who they choose to hire. Everyone is intelligent in their own way and very easy to work with. Showing up to work was always very enjoyable. ", " great company, great benefits. I have an excellent team and the perks are great. They offer education reimbursement and great discounts on Apple products and other product/services that partner with Apple. ", " Intelligent, hard-working employees, but very difficult to make ends meet, even for full-time employees. Company cares more about pet causes than its own people. ", " i enjoyed working at this family run business. I was offered training to exspand my skills to have me working in shop as well as custome. I was given the oportunity to advance in my job and take on more responsibilty. Duties included greeting customers, answering phone lines, invoicing, scheduling appointment ", " Helping customer with their IT needs for Apple devices from software to hardware repairs  preform typical hardware repairs.  The toughest part of the job is the rotating schedule on a daily basis with no consistent days off and trying to plan or request time off needed for family or personal events  Work with great and intelligent people on a daily basis. ", " Service area is very stressful and schedules will hinder your work life balance. Overall the campus is very nice, however compensation remains on the lower end of the scale in many roles. Great benefits and growth has appeared to slow down. ", " Lots of hard working, driven peers.  Work can can take over your work-life balance easily. Some of the best in class products and processes. ", " I loved my experience with Apple and if given the opportunity to work for the company again, I would not hesitate. Great culture and a place that cares for its customers and employees ", " Great company to work for, benefits are amazing. It can be hard to Advance job roles at times, however the work is rewarding yet hectic working in such a crazy enviroment ", " Apple is providing one of the best support and training to its employees to make them highly skilled in different tasks.  Following its devices, working for Apple is a high level of engagement where everything would lead you to provide your best to your role and going above this once.  There is a high corporate culture making any of its employees a piece of huge machine that is one of the biggest leaders in the new technologies. ", " This culture applies at a lower level too. You feel comfortable giving feedback to each other about each other, about product decisions, about management, etc. ", " Apple being the most innovative company uses different datasets to help its managers, take strategic &amp; predictive decisions. More than any other business driver, competition characterizes the retail industry &amp; hence CRM, BI manager will have to face certain challenges like Globalization, deflation, diversification of sales channels &amp; most importantly \u201cchanging customer demands\u201d.  The ever-growing data warehousing solution provided to various business analysts in APPLE business has become over 100 Terabytes. This in turn demands growing customization and re-engineering needs across the various portfolios, even more so, an integrated robust environment to unify the heterogeneous systems processing EBCDIC, ASCII, and even direct from other databases. This project includes over hundreds of batch interfaces processing more than 35 million transactions per day. More than 50 scheduled extracts and with hundreds of reports are used to facilitate decision-making, risk mitigation and monitoring for strategy making. ", " Fun, creative, empowering workplace. We get to assist internal and external customers, assisting them with problems and introducing them to new devices that can enrich their lives. ", " It is an enjoyable company to work for, but the salary is not competitive. Job advancement, however, is very competitive. ", " Working at apple was a pleasure to me but the inflexibility caused issues balancing work and personal life.  While the benefits provided were above and beyond the possessive culture made me uncomfortable. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Great place to learn about how to use technology in work, personal, and passion settings. Definitely values their culture and beliefs in customer service. ", " This company is a melting pot of personality and innovation. Every day I had new projects to work on which made me feel valued as an employee and that i was gaining much needed experience in a short period of time. ", " I look forward to coming to work everyday. The job is challenging. My managers are very helpful and easy to work with. I like my work hours that require me waking up early but I have most of the afternoons to myself. ", " Working at apple has allowed me to learn about the positive impact that technology has on people and businesses. I have learned that when dealing with technology, patience and the willingness to learn something is important. The people here are some of the most inspiring that I have met in my lifetime. ", " I've  had a good experience working at Apple because managers are friendly and do not make employees feel uncomfortable with extra pressure to make deadlines or not make mistakes. ", " I have nothing to say, I am being forced to fill this out, which is ridiculous. I do not know how many more non-descriptive words I can use. ", " Apple is a great place to work and try to keep things fun. Apple teaches you amazing skills and concepts, and training is always available when needed. Apple taught we how to handle very heated customers. The culture doesn't exclude anyone in the workplace making you fell comfortable. The benefits are some of the best in the world. Apple hasn't been offering as much room to move up in the chain of command and that is one downside as they have been hiring externally. ", " The company had great benefits and compensation. Most managers were eager to help with with job development if you were looking to exceed in your role. The company hosted different events to keep the employees happy and provided different service there on campus like a gym, doctors office with a pharmacy, dental office, and therapist.  Scheduling was a little difficult to deal with, you would get a new schedule every 3 months and it wouldn't always be something that was ideal to your personal life. Over all the company was great. ", " I can honestly say this is the best job I ever had &amp; the opportunities are endless. It is not stressful at all and almost does not feel like work. Your opinion as an employee truly counts. THEY LISTEN TO YOU! All of my co workers are cool and are willing to help you in doing better as an employee. I think the hardest part of the job is soaking in all the information and utilizing in such a fast paced environment. The most enjoyable part of working for Apple are the perks! ", " Apple is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California, that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software, and online services. Wikipedia ", " Working at Apple has grown me significantly as an individual. The compensation is excellent, and the company intentionality and culture is wonderful. My role was rather stressful due to the amount and nature of negativity I had to with all day every day. However, I love that it was never boring and worked with a magnificent team. ", " Apple is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California, that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software, and online services ", " I like Apple Company. I have learned a lot in Apple. I would love to work again for them again. I would love to join them back when there is a need again for Computer Tech. ", " I enjoyed the peers, perks and atmosphere at Apple, 1st class. Just not their temp agency who put me on and took my chance away for something Apple wouldn't of done at all. ", " I had worked for Apple Inc. five days a week in three months. I learned that, as a depot technician, the duties encompasses packaging and scanning iPhones and verifying serial numbers to ensure that they match with the serial numbers that are on the phone. The most enjoyable part of the job is that I got to meet new people and make new friends. ", " A typical day in the Family room is very hectic and busy all day.  You learn to deal with many personality types and how to jungle numerous customers at once.  I learned how to empathize with people and help them restore their faith in Apple.  Most of your co works are great fun and you learn many great life lessons.  The hardest part is keeping up with the demand while still making each customer feel like they have your undivided attention. ", " I've worked 5 years at Apple Retail, Amsterdam. Customer Focus was a skill we trained on a daily basis, which I loved the most. If there's anything I love about a job, it is the connection with other people. Besides the great products we offered, it was very satisfying to see things come together from the day I started working.   Apple provided many different ways for us to train. This made it easy for us to implement our skill set in our daily work. ", " not available for comment  not great learning -  need better teachers - less bossiness  I didn't like any of the supervisors - should be peppy and smiley - a good leader or supervisor will make for better teams and better customer service - Being able to be ourselves and not be so scripted would have been a lot better ", " What can i say....Great place to work, part time position. great benefits, schedule to work 4-5 days and you know when you working for 3 week in advance. Very hard to getting a position, not easy. great co-workers. hard to get off on weekend. fun, work as big family. good for college student to grow and learn so much, great training. ", " Apple's mission statement and public initiatives are felt internally within the company everyday. Privacy, environmental friendliness, gender equality, inclusivity, diversity are not just marketing buzz words but something the company strives to achieve everyday in the way it treats its customers and employees.  Working at the Genius Bar, my typical day involves taking appointments to diagnose and resolve issues our customers may be facing with their Apple products and services.   The most challenging part of working in an Apple Store would have to be adjusting to the high traffic environment and being able to give a consistent customer experience to each and every customer that walks into the store. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Professional and diverse workplace where you can meet people from all cultures and backgrounds, however in most jobs there is no much space for development within the company. ", " A typical 8 hour job dependent on schedule. With decent management and relatively easy work. A temporary contract job that helps meet ends meet. ", " Can't say enough good things about Apple. Good company. Gtreat people. Work that has some value. Leaving was the biggest mistake of my life. ", " The benefits and opportunity's to grow are great with this company. Long hours however the pay is great. Loved being able to help customers fix their problems. ", " great company, great benefits. I have an excellent team and the perks are great. They offer education reimbursement and great discounts on Apple products and other product/services that partner with Apple. ", " I spent almost 6 years of my life here. It was a great place to work though you start to feel a bit complacent after a time. I think its a great starter job for those looking to branch out into other careers. ", " With the advancements to technology, new cellphones, more updates, and news moving quickly. Apple was a great environment to be involved with. Customers had issues with their devices and we helped build a relationship with their device. ", " I loved driving for Apple employees, they are among the nicest, generous, inspiring and giving folks I've ever met.  Very talented and globally benevolent people. ", " Great atmosphere, great staff, hard work, but fun work.  This is not your typical retail position, instead growth is encouraged and fostered and benefits are provided starting at part time. ", " Working for Apple requires me to be ready for change at any minute. Looking around corners and dealing with ambiguity are core values in my role. My co-workers are the most supportive and intelligent individuals I have ever worked with. We constantly push one another to think outside the box, and create innovative learning systems.   While I don't think this is a hard thing about the job, I would say that when in development, there is zero work-life balance. But dealing with tight deadlines is part of the job. ", " Fantastic job for an amazing company. Lots of opportunities to grow within each store, not very easy to transfer and grow within the company though. Pay is high for retail, but work / life balance is awful. Compared against all other retailers, I'd say they are one of the best. But if you want a family and free time, this is not the place. ", " Working for Apple is great, they open doors to endless possibilities, have great benefits and perks and are just overall a whole different environment then you are used to. ", " Typical day is very long. U get to learn continuously. Management is very unstable. Co-workers are great. The hardest part of the job is being on the phone constantly. The enjoyable part of the job is helping others. ", " Apple's mission statement and public initiatives are felt internally within the company everyday. Privacy, environmental friendliness, gender equality, inclusivity, diversity are not just marketing buzz words but something the company strives to achieve everyday in the way it treats its customers and employees.  Working at the Genius Bar, my typical day involves taking appointments to diagnose and resolve issues our customers may be facing with their Apple products and services.   The most challenging part of working in an Apple Store would have to be adjusting to the high traffic environment and being able to give a consistent customer experience to each and every customer that walks into the store. ", " Typical day at work involves 12 to 14 hours. You also bring work home and work over weekends. Easily 70-80 hour work weeks through the year.  I have learned my high threshold for ZERO life, and 100% work based life.   Management is definitely based on favoritism. Don't go against the management if you want a long-term career in apple even if it means you keep your mouth shut.  Hardest part of the job is changing your DNA and putting work ahead of personal life, family, health - pretty much everything you worked so hard to achieve.  Most enjoyable part of the job is the interview process because during that time is when you are elated about the prospects of working for apple. ", " Working for Apple provided a lot of great benefits like phenomenal health insurance and a great on-site environment, however once you become familiar with the company's business structure it has all of the same problems as any other huge multinational company.  While growth has created a lot of opportunities for advancement, due to a lot of outside recruiting in order to keep up with that growth, it has also diluted the company culture that was such a big part of Apple during Steve's reign as CEO. ", " I learned that working from home required a lot of self motivation. The management team wasn't the best, but the pay was decent. The hardest part of the job was staying woke. They didn't really work with the desired hours. ", " Amazing job. from management, to co-workers, to demand of job. Benefits and rewards from working there are second to none. Create a very fun environment to work in and set you up for success. ", " Apple provided a great learning experience.  My work ethics and job skills were greatly strengthened during my time with Apple. ", " I am looking forward to something I really enjoy doing, like banking and Forex trading . It was not  really what I enjoyed doing, and not  the type of carrier I wanted to persuade. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple has a unique culture and an astonishing commitment to excellence in product and customer experience.Great work environment. Excellent benefits. Perfect place for self development ", " Apple is a wonderful company to work for with great benefits. The culture is unique in the industry. ", " Great benefits, low pay, high expectations.  Working for over 2 years and pay bump very low.  Move to different positions in store frequently but glass ceiling is apparent. Difficult to transition to corporate. ", " Good Work life balance is good. Management need to be more far sighted.Too much bureaucracy creeping in. More focus on people management then innovation. ", " Great Benefits and team. The  people you work with on a day to day basis are talented and amazing. The vision of this business is blurry. Change is so important in business. Apple Retail just not sure who they are. But as long as you do, you will be successful. ", " Well time spent knowledge gained was priceless It's Great place to work I suggest better compensation and a better turnover rate. I recommend this job! ", " Fun environment. Great group of people to work with. solid company with excellent products. Casual dress, work life balance, bonuses. Huge room for promotion. ", " great place to work. good people. hours were ok. pay was good. never had any issue with management. they were very understanding of my home and work life balance ", " The typical day for this company at a retail level was stressful. Easy to get burnt out after many years. Retail does not have a lot of room for movement, very competitive. ", " It's a work from home job which automatically draws a lot of people's attention, BUT if you have children or a spouse you have to help (like with transportation to their job), it does make things difficult.  It's  next to impossible to get a day shift position, and most employees start out in the evenings, working 2 to 11 - which is great if you have nothing else going on.  If the kids get home and are loud or need to be watched every minute of the day like mine, the job doesn't work.  If you have to clean the house or run a bunch of errands, it doesn't work.  You have zero time to balance your home life or even enjoy your days off working this schedule, and as much as I would have loved to continue, my home life was suffering ", " Great place to work, allows for amazing work life balance, and pay is killer. Benefits are the best. Co workers are super smart and make you feel within family. ", " Amazing lace to work and plenty of room for advancement as long as you are patient. People are nice and management tries to help as best as they can. ", " Help customers experienced and inexperienced.  Assist customers transitioning from a PC to a Mac.   Navigating the customer through the technology so they can take control of the product. Help assist with troubleshooting and technical support.     Ensure that a customer leaves satisfied with not only the device but the Apple experience.  Management is super understanding I'm flexible with an open door policy.   Coworkers were fun to work with everybody always learning from each other Great feedback and personal development amongst a great team. ", " As a student, incredibly flexible with work/life balance and respect towards your position and how you can advance in the company. Employees feel generally valued, and can speak freely and openly (feedback culture appreciated). ", " Some of their policies when you can not work because their systems are down for maintenance but we get dinged for it adds up after awhile. Management doesn't budge on these and play favorites with employees. ", " I worked as a Genius in one of the retail stores.  It's noisy and hectic and not for the faint of heart.  I loved what I did for Apple but the environment just wore me out as the years passed.    They have great benefits for working there even if you work part time.  Discounts aplenty abound, healthcare is available even if you aren't full time, the managers there are sticklers about making sure that everyone gets their breaks and lunches and the attendance policy treats you like a human being.    That said, there are a lot of decisions made corporately about how the store is run that, as a child of the \"Think Different\" era, aren't what I would consider to be \"Apple.\"  I felt as though the store was becoming too much like any other sterile corporate environment. ", " Entered the call center, started with a low energy meeting, got to work, helped customers with tech issues. management was neglectful (outsourced call center to another company). Co-workers were highly qualified and great to work with. It was hard to keep enthusiastic with middle management not full invested with our success. The best part of the job was my co-workers... ", " The typical day of a Genius in Apple Store is divided between repair duties and customer service, providing support for any kind of issue customers' devices could present.  I learned a lot of technical and social skills. Moreover I learned how to handle very difficult situations and a very good attitude to problem solving.  The management is very efficient, built in horizontal structure that make every manager in touch with employes.  A very huge family, more friends than co-workers. I met very good guys that made the ambient very comfortable.  The hardest part of the job was facing very upset customers because of their devices fault.  The most enjoyable part of the job was the relationship with my co-workers and the leadership team. Furthermore the best part of my job was the training session I used to provide for the new employes. ", " It is indeed one of the great companies in the Silicon Valley and it's going to be there for a while. The work-life balance is not that good and people are not technically sound (at least in the team where I worked). You are mostly all on your own to deliver and very little help is provided by your so-called mentors. ", " Apple's mission statement and public initiatives are felt internally within the company everyday. Privacy, environmental friendliness, gender equality, inclusivity, diversity are not just marketing buzz words but something the company strives to achieve everyday in the way it treats its customers and employees.  Working at the Genius Bar, my typical day involves taking appointments to diagnose and resolve issues our customers may be facing with their Apple products and services.   The most challenging part of working in an Apple Store would have to be adjusting to the high traffic environment and being able to give a consistent customer experience to each and every customer that walks into the store. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Excellent place to work as a retail establishment.  Consistantly supported to do the right thing.  Taking care of the customer is the top priority.  Many opportunities that can be had with the proper motivation. ", " Apple looks great on a resume but also understand a customer focused skill set. Great company tow work for when building your resume. ", " Good place to work. Good work/life balance. Store politics play into promotions as with any job which is unfortunate. Great team with which to work. Thorough training process. ", " very nice company to work for. a typical day consist of back to back calls regarding similar issues. All resolutions are the same.  Most enjoyable part of the job is the fact that there are many different events held regularly ", " Company is nice to work for from home bug not enough room for advancement. If you just want a 9 to 5 with good benefits it is just fine. ", " Amazing culture. A lot of opportunities for development. I really enjoy working here. I have been fortunate to be apart of many management experiences. ", " Apple really works at giving you opportunities to grow. Everyday is filled with learning and teamwork. One of the best jobs I have ever had. There are limitless advancement opportunities. You work with some very cool people and the leadership cares about your development. You may get coaching but you never get battered or belittled. The pay is decent and the benefits include, 401(k) match, stock purchase options, product discounts and discounts on services across many different areas, education assistance, child care assistance, paid vacation, sick time and other time off options, health club Reimbursment or bike cost set off. You get 1.5 time for OT and it's pretty much unlimited as long as you don't exceed 12 hours in a day or 59 total in a week. Not a lot of down side to working at Apple. If anything, it can be hard to move up as there are a lot of people shooting for a select few positions. If you are willing/able to relocate, these options go up pretty quickly thought. ", " i love this job same thing day in and day out Job Work/Life Balance Compensation/Benefits Job Security/Advancement Management Job Culture Apple\u2019s mobile products, the iPhone and iPad, account for about three-quarters of its revenue. The iPad line has been expanded to include the iPad Pro, which features a bigger screen and a more powerful processes ", " Can't say enough good things about Apple. Good company. Gtreat people. Work that has some value. Leaving was the biggest mistake of my life. ", " Nice friendly culture . easy access to any level of team. Apple pay using the new trend learn a lot in term of technology  in short duration of time. ", " I found apple to be a very fun work place. Just be ready to work the hardest you ever have. I found that Apple helped me grow in my leadership skills. ", " Day to day was technical support as far as iOS devices and OS devices. The pay and benefits were great. They would also would give away cool prizes and gifts. ", " The Apple Store was a really fun place to work. It requires you to be on your toes because the stores are always busy. Working behind the Genius Bar sure had its pros and cons, but overall- awesome place to work. ", " Apple is the most innovative company to work for.  So many new and exciting things happening every month and the incentives are great! I wish I could be part of the company again. ", " Good Work life balance is good. Management need to be more far sighted.Too much bureaucracy creeping in. More focus on people management then innovation. ", " Lovely benefits through third parties, generous discounts and mandatory advancement. At-Home Advisors can have trouble with work/life balance as your office is in home. For a young guy like me, my office is my room. All in one, lol. But amazing employer. ", " I've worked for this company for a few years. I have to say, having the option to work-from-home is a great perk. You also save money on gas, food expenses, and of course commuting. ", " Very great training program. I was also trained on how to troubleshoot Windows platform software, which was awesome, being that Windows software utilized Apple itunes software. ", " - work/life balance needs improvement (set/preferred schedules) - excellent place to push the limits of what you think are possible for yourself - management at the retail level would benefit from internal promotions, rather than external hires (internals truly understand Apple 'culture') - great place to meet talented and intelligent folk with passions in music, photography, videography, entrepreneurial endeavors ", " Great company with amazing corporate culture. Coworkers are always fun, interesting, and generally creative in some way.  Typical day is like any retail sales, but it's very low key how you interact with customers. Genuinely answer customers questions, find their needs and wants, and offer a solution. Many times it's just talking to someone about your own personal user experiences. No hard selling or trying to make quotas. If you are stumped, just be honest and find a colleague who may be able to help. Generally conversation is not very \"tech\" based--it's good to know what is in the machine, but most solutions will revolve around more with how it helps a user. Practically any time you want training on a product, you can ask to leave the floor and watch online videos on the clock.  You don't need to be that techie to get hired--honestly, during the group interview, the folks that seemed to only ooze tech never got hired. You don't even have to be an Apple user! Being creative in some way probably is very helpful. Once on board, there is a two-day training to solidly get you up to speed. It's focused, but pretty fun as you interact with your future team members. (Out of all the retail jobs I've had, only two of them did very concise and thorough multi-day trainings before you even step onto the sales floor--Apple Store and Whole Foods.)  Management at our store was great, but your mileage may vary. But they do seem to attract and hire some of the best retail managers overall.  Co-workers are amazing. They attract some of the best, most interesting and creative people, ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> and it's great to be in the same pool. As a lot of the day is just watching the floor when not with a customer, it's always full of interesting chatter when you're idle. They typically have great personalities too. Really does become a family.  The hardest part of the job is that typical stores can get VERY busy. It's not uncommon to go for hours just talking to customers non-stop. Customers are generally very interesting and polite. You will most likely encounter difficult customers tho, and they're usually more challenging than other retail--customers typically LOVE LOVE LOVE their products, so when it's not working for them, it is a much more intense affair than other retail. Also, some customers will be VERY new to not just using a Mac, but using tech in general, so a lot of patience is needed when tutoring customers. Also, some customers will challenge you when you try to sell them a drive for backup not realizing that hard drive failures are actually a pretty common occurrence, then if it occurs, they may return and be furious they were sold a \"defective\" product.  The most enjoyable part is being able to dazzle and delight a customer by showing them something cool, then selling a product to a customer that genuinely fills their needs. It's not uncommon for customers to return and seek you out just to thank you and share how they love their product. At times they'll just return to hang out and chat. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Working at apple has definately been the beat retail job I've ever had. They hire the best peoplw and are really good at embracing diversity. They pay above the average retail job, have stock options for employees and good benedits. Ive gotten the besttraining of my life at Apple. ", " Very team orientated would start the day with the group of people who just came in. Give us a break-down of how the day has been and what goals sales should achieve. Separately the technical team would speak as well about repairs and how busy the queue was for the day. We would get our device and go help customers and try to achieve success for their issue while holding onto a time constraint. Being able to juggle 6 people, some with complications that take longer than 15 minutes, helped me able to multitask very much. ", " I love working for Apple! Everyday you will run into something new. From helping a Customer find the \"perfect gift\" for someone, to showing an elderly customer how to use Apple Products. ", " One of the best companies I've ever worked for.  All people who work there are generous and understanding of family affairs.  I'd still be there if there was one closer to where I lived! ", " This was the best job ever! Fantastic benefits wonderful mgrs to work with and work for!!!! All kinds of perks always! Fun parties! Great communication meetings with all sites! I loved this job! ", " Apple culture is a real thing.  They're hiring process is second to none even for the entry level jobs.  Because of this, you will never meet another group of kind, multi-talented, hard working group of individuals.  You can instantly spot when someone works for Apple. I would happily return. ", " Entered the call center, started with a low energy meeting, got to work, helped customers with tech issues. management was neglectful (outsourced call center to another company). Co-workers were highly qualified and great to work with. It was hard to keep enthusiastic with middle management not full invested with our success. The best part of the job was my co-workers... ", " Awsome company to work for  this company is all about numbers and sales and how many pepperoni u get signed up for your commission check very fun job as well ", " With Apple I learned many things, specially how to deal with ALL type of customers. Apple gave e stringer tools to develop my sales and customer service skills. ", " IT Support is not usually a fun environment, especially when taking calls all day from people of varying but usually low tech abilities. That said, Apple mitigates that by adding in several different benefits such as working from home, very generous sick and leave benefits (you never have to hope and pray someones approves your vacation request; if the time is available, you can have it), and of course great discounts on Apple products.   That said, if you are used to working at an in-person helpdesk, working from home in a call center environment can be a major drawback. There is almost no downtime or slow times, so if being on the phone for 8-10 hours in a row is a downside, this isn't for you. The schedule changes every 3 months, with people who have the best metrics getting their top pick from a predetermined list of choices there- often times those same metrics are well out of an Advisor's control as well so not a lot can always be done with that. There are also a lot of repetitive problems, which for a person like myself can make the job very tiring to do- no new challenges or anything to solve, just get the call and follow the procedures in a help article.  On the bright side, if you can stick it out long enough, you can advance to a multitude of different positions but many people won't get that far because so many people are still needed in basic support and not a lot of positions are open, and they may go to people who've been waiting even longer. And Apple does a lot to ensure you succeed as best as possible. ", " job is ok for a start, long hours and not a lot of personal time but the pay is decent I suppose and you get used to it , it does get easy. However with policy changes and constant team switching its impossible almost to build a rapport with anyone or move up in mangement ", " I loved working for this company when I first started, and felt that I have so many opportunities to learn something new. The novelty of the company wore off, the management team is incapable of keeping a sufficient work flow. The company is becoming increasingly more corporate and does not hold the same values. The benefits are what keep me there, I feel every position, aside from mangement, are under paid. ", " Working for Apple through Arise Virtual Solutions was one of the best experiences that I have had professionally. The client is innovative and high in demand. It was my pleasure working for this company for the past 7 years. ", " Overall Apple is a good company to work for. The environment is relaxed and fun, there's plenty of parties and events to attend and the benefits are amazing. But there's no specific processes set in place to help you when you're providing service to a customer. Everything changes constantly which makes the job a little unstable sometimes. The management is nice but there's a strong sense of favoritism. ", " like any retail job, it has its ups and downs. great benefits, good amount of hours for part timers. lots of perks and good work/life balance. ", " It is a great place to work, cares about employee and interaction is great and fun. Open culture among work mates. Growth is available, Great training received. ", " Its great if you are a \"badged\" employee which you will hear a lot of working at Apple. If you work at the campus and are contracted please do not fall for the \"there is a possibility of getting hired on\". ", " A typical day at Apple included greeting customers an assisting with their retail needs,processing point of sale transactions. Also training the new hires for success with the company. I also assisted with technical issues and proving solutions. ", " I have absolutely loved working for Apple since October of 2016. Hands down the most equipped I have ever felt through training, continuing through my time on the floor due to my coworkers being willing to collaborate to help me through certain aspects of the job.   Managers are great, are well informed and educated on Apple policies/news, and are extremely passionate about Apple culture. ", " Everything was absolutely great about the company until it comes to schedule management with school its tough but everything is negotiable. The people are very friendly and happy to help. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " it is a great place to work in. no work pressure and support team leaders and smiling management at all times. great pay  good benefits and mainly  the co workers become outside of work friends so its friends we work with at apple. a normal day is just taking calls and checking emails for fun activities and company treats and compititions as well.  it does get a little draining constatnly talking for 8 - 10 hours a day lol fun though. ", " This is a great company to work for. Great co-workers and management. Retail hours but they work around your schedule great. Fun place to work ", " Typical day at work might be working on the sales floor, teaching people how to use technology better, solving technical problems, helping businesses grown and so much more. Every day is different and requires creativity and flexibility.   I learn a lot about myself. I have learned a ton about technology. I have learned so much about how each person is different and how to best help them.  Management can vary, but I would say for the most part many of them care about you. The more separated they become from the retail floor, the less connected they become to the staff and that can be frustrating.  Hardest part about the job is finding the best way to help people understand and not getting frustrated at lack of understanding.   The most enjoyable part of the job is working with someone whose life is changed by our products. ", " Working for This company was fun and the workplace environment was easy to adapt to. By the time you're out of training you have a pretty strong handle on what your job duties are and how to handle the tasks that are expected of you. If for some reason you don't have a full understanding you're never left in the dark as everyone on the production floor function as one big staff family and you can always turn to your neighbor and as questions to clarify anything you didn't comprehend or missed. ", " company provides great benefits such as health, fitness and tuition reimbursement, vision, 401K, employee stock purchase options, and paid vacation for full time employees. ", " You work with smart and amazing people but the management is a joke. They promise to develop internally and provide opportunities to work your way up from the bottom,. but with the favoritism amount the leadership team it is not possible sometimes. ", " Most enjoyable place to work, Co-workers were like family members Management were always there for you.  Everyday was a new and enjoyable challenge ", " Loved working for Apple! Gained much appreciation for tech support as well as patience and understanding of customer's needs. ", " If you want a job that time flies by Apple is the palce to be. Great vacation hours and most amazing the benefits. Cant complain only reason why I couldnt stay was due to my availabilty ", " For retail it is different then any other retail. Benefits are good. It is almost like a second family working at Apple. Easy to understand coworkers. ", " At Apple I had an amazing team of people who were dedicated to delivering the best products on the market. We had rounded edges on all of our products by paying such amazing detail to each and every aspect. My team was extremely dedicated to delivering world class technical support, always going above and beyond to meet the customer needs. At Apple we strongly believed in ownership, when the issue was Apple's responsibility. In computer networking, you learn something everyday as the ecosystem changes and morphs, it never gets old! In addition I was motived to come into work each and every day because I worked along a group of dedicated people who were just as committed to the quality of our products and technical support as I was. The most enjoyable part of technical support is resolving the customer's issues and knowing that your brightened their day. ", " We are working at a retail level and due to limited turnover, it is unlikely that I would be able to advance in the near future. ", " Everyday at Apple is different from the next. Every customer comes in with various issues, that others may not have. You learn the job as you go, and the reason for that is because there are many variations of a similar problem.   I have honed my multitasking skills as well as practiced my Spanish in a technical environment. I have learned to embrace change, and continue learning from my peers.   My co-workers are awesome and extremely knowledgeable.   The hardest part of my job is delivering bad news to awesome customers, but other than that my job is excellent.   The most enjoyable part of the job is helping so many people get back their devices working how they are suppose to work. ", " I enjoyed everything with exception of a highly competitive and political infrastructure. I continually supported all three divisions and they did allow me to maintain my R&amp;D, while supporting outside interests of the corporation as the Chief of Data and Cyber Security. ", " A lot of work to do. Typical day will involved helping customers with their needs. Great culture and you get to meet amazing people. Managers are good. ", " I have learned a lot about real customer focus working with Apple.  The benefits are great, pay is reasonable and the teams are all smart as can be.  Training is top notch! ", " First i was on the sales floor then i moved to inventory because i thought it would be a better for me. I have learned a lot about my self, people, and the world around me from working here. Management is not as thorough as i would've thought and they don't really pay attention to their employees. Since i work in inventory we deal with a lot of the issues that people make, and to work in a place where people don't care about their jobs makes it very hard for me because it puts extra stress on me when management could do their job and manage their employees and train them correctly. The hardest part of the job is the people that i work with. The Best part of my job is that i get to learn new things about technology. ", " Apple has been the best company to work for, provides amazing benefits for pretty much anything you can think of and treats employees with the upmost respect \ud83d\ude01 ", " I've worked 5 years at Apple Retail, Amsterdam. Customer Focus was a skill we trained on a daily basis, which I loved the most. If there's anything I love about a job, it is the connection with other people. Besides the great products we offered, it was very satisfying to see things come together from the day I started working.   Apple provided many different ways for us to train. This made it easy for us to implement our skill set in our daily work. ", " Love fun environment and diverse culture working with very talented people. Have a great retention rate in our teams. The best team ever! "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple being the most innovative company uses different datasets to help its managers, take strategic &amp; predictive decisions. More than any other business driver, competition characterizes the retail industry &amp; hence CRM, BI manager will have to face certain challenges like Globalization, deflation, diversification of sales channels &amp; most importantly \u201cchanging customer demands\u201d.  The ever-growing data warehousing solution provided to various business analysts in APPLE business has become over 100 Terabytes. This in turn demands growing customization and re-engineering needs across the various portfolios, even more so, an integrated robust environment to unify the heterogeneous systems processing EBCDIC, ASCII, and even direct from other databases. This project includes over hundreds of batch interfaces processing more than 35 million transactions per day. More than 50 scheduled extracts and with hundreds of reports are used to facilitate decision-making, risk mitigation and monitoring for strategy making. ", " I enjoyed the peers, perks and atmosphere at Apple, 1st class. Just not their temp agency who put me on and took my chance away for something Apple wouldn't of done at all. ", " Fun place to work, where you meet so many amazing people. Its a very good part-time job especially while going to school. Max federal tuition reimbursement even for part-time employees. You will develop excellent communication skills that you can take with you the rest of your life. Not much opportunity for advancement in the retail sector. ", " Considering hiring more management positions from within. Not much opportunity for growth for employees, and management doesn't invest a lot in career opportunities for employees to learn new skills and new positions. ", " Great company to work for. Flexible hours and a lot of benefits for their employees and time off. Management was cool and so were my colleagues. Able to select hours for work ", " They really care about their employees. The best company I've worked for. Went through a terrible family situation and they were so supportive. Set me up with counseling and individual meetings to make sure I was emotionally stable to come to work and excel. They are truly caring and supportive of their team. ", " Successfully grew Apple presence from zero to 68% of total market share within the U.S. Cellular partnership (iPhones, iPads and other products represented at customer accounts). ", " I enjoyed my tenure as both a Visual Merchandising Specialist &amp; Product Specialist with Apple; the work culture was exceptional.   There was plenty of opportunities given to excel in your current role, &amp; advance into other positions within their fast-past retail environment. Management was heavily involved in my trajectory &amp; overall professional development, &amp; gave me many opportunities to thrive &amp; develop my personal skill-sets. They were supportive, &amp; provided routine feedback. ", " Apple looks great on a resume but also understand a customer focused skill set. Great company tow work for when building your resume. ", " Fun, creative, empowering workplace. We get to assist internal and external customers, assisting them with problems and introducing them to new devices that can enrich their lives. ", " This is an awesome company to work for. Makes you  fall in love with Apple all over again. They don't mess around. An they look out for there people. 5 Star company ", " Best Job I ever had. I love the place, people and company, but hated the pay. I would go back if there were better opportunities for growth and work/life balance. ", " Great company to work for. Clean and safe work environment and upward mobility is endless. This is a great company. The managers and leaders are very friendly and helpful. ", " Management is amazing and very understanding. Great place to start working during college with great culture and coworkers. Everyone's beyond talented. ", " Amazing place to work at, good benefits, talented peers, many development opportunities. The culture is amazing, it is consistent throughout the whole company. ", " Apple is an amazing place to work, at first. You get excited because you're working for one of the biggest, most recognizable companies in the world, but it slowly changes. Managers become condescending, it gets tiring to see people working towards promotions while they hire externally, customers are crazy. After awhile it genuinely takes a toll on your mental and physical health. Don't forget, it is retail. Hours are long and inconvenient, and then HR has certain rules about availability and store demand that MUST be met (occasionally they bend them for individuals). Pay is decent but in order to see any type of improvement you have to be around for awhile (I once met a guy, it took him 7 years to become a genius and finally make more than $20/hr). One thing that doesn't change, regardless of the location are your colleagues. Apple has perfected the group of people they hire and you always have this mini family. ", " Very poor management I think it is because of the out source company they don't provide any chances to your carrier and there is no place to spend your break in the street especially the lunch break you have to eat in the street.. Work it self it is not bad but organization is really poor ", " Apple provided me with an Abundance of experience in technical Support. I've learned things related to the position and IOS devices that will benefit me throughout life. ", " Apple takes pride in who they choose to hire. Everyone is intelligent in their own way and very easy to work with. Showing up to work was always very enjoyable. ", " apple is a great place to learn and grow regarding technology. The only downside is the micro managing culture of SOME of the managers. It can be Mentally exhausting. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I was hired to built and enhance a general sales staff of a local Apple Computer Inc. Dealer.  Arrive early to set up sales staff training classes.  After classes manage sales team and sell Apple Computers to general clientele.  Analyze sales activities and look for opportunities for growth.  Began to built a K-12 and Higher Education sales team and in addition to general sales, grow business in those arenas. ", " Retail schedules can be tough to balance with family life, but there's no shortage of pride in product or company. The culture is great as well. The company as a whole strives for not only better products but a better planet and global community. ", " Working at the Apple warehouse through a temp agency happened to be very fun despite the late hours. My hours were from 7 in the evening to somewhere around 3-4 in the morning. The company was EXTREMELY diverse which were one of the things i most liked while working there. The management were fair. They obviously followed the rules a great deal given the fact we were dealing with actual customer phones. I had a wonderful time working there. I only left because of the complications i was having with my pregnancy at the time. ", " Company is absolutely amazing to work for, the skills that you develop as you are here, the people you meet. You meet so many different people every day and you really feel like you are enriching their lives. The hardest part of the job is probably when a customer loses important data like pictures of a loved one who passed away and you have to break the news. ", " I enjoyed my tenure as both a Visual Merchandising Specialist &amp; Product Specialist with Apple; the work culture was exceptional.   There was plenty of opportunities given to excel in your current role, &amp; advance into other positions within their fast-past retail environment. Management was heavily involved in my trajectory &amp; overall professional development, &amp; gave me many opportunities to thrive &amp; develop my personal skill-sets. They were supportive, &amp; provided routine feedback. ", " I would answer calls, assist with the customer as to any issues or if they have questions about the products. I.E. Phones, other portable devices or even their computers. -I would also be able to remote into the computers if need just to see what they are seeing. That way we could work together to resolve any issues. -There are only challenges that we come across not really something that is hard  -Most enjoyable thing about my job is helping and feeling better when an issue is resolved. ", " I love working for Apple. The work life balance is great as well as the compensation. I love helping customers with solutions to needs that they have not realized that they even needed yet. ", " Considering hiring more management positions from within. Not much opportunity for growth for employees, and management doesn't invest a lot in career opportunities for employees to learn new skills and new positions. ", " You get to work with a large team of fun and talented people. Be prepared to work hard as the environment is fast paced and very demanding. It's not for the faint of heart. ", " Working at Apple is great and gives you a new set of skills when it comes to customer service standards.  I feel as a sales associate I have grown greatly.  Within the retail stores there are only so many positions available to grow towards and unless you wish to become a genius or technician its easy to plateau.  Apple hires incredible people, the stores have an incredible culture and you work with people that you can easily call family, the pay is competitive when looking at compensation in similar jobs, however the pay increase of those that stay with the company longer periods of time seem unfair. someone that has been employed at the retail store 10 years is getting paid at what I started. I personally am not able to live off of my income comfortably and working 9 hour shifts 5 days a week, I shouldn't have to say that.  Apple is also a company that listens to its employees and open to our opinions on how things are working and how things aren't working.   I love some of the people you meet and get to have incredible conversations with but it is a whole different type of clientele that is not what you see in the food or other retail areas. ", " a good mall job but annoying during holiday season or before a new product launch and holidays and launches they always supply catered food for employees. Discount is decent and only once a few months you can swap shifts as long as it's covered ", " I spent almost 6 years of my life here. It was a great place to work though you start to feel a bit complacent after a time. I think its a great starter job for those looking to branch out into other careers. ", " Apple is a wonderful company to work for. The staff is very helpful and reliable. The managers always push for excellence and to help further your job to the best of you ability. The managers are very dependable and helpful in all situations including personal, family, and work. I have learned so much with this company and love the fact there is growth. I would recommend Apple to anyone looking for a permanent, reliable, and wonderful job. ", " Apple has never got a dull day. On a typical day, you have a quick 5-10 minute meeting with management and your day has some form of structure. Colleagues and staff are very encouraging and very supportive and you never feel intimidated to ask questions. ", " Management is good, with good work life balance. The process can get better. The days are busier whenever there is a big release. ", " Apple was a great place to work in college was able to work from home at the schedule that I choose.I learned alot about apple product just was little room to grow in the fitness field. ", " I had worked for Apple Inc. five days a week in three months. I learned that, as a depot technician, the duties encompasses packaging and scanning iPhones and verifying serial numbers to ensure that they match with the serial numbers that are on the phone. The most enjoyable part of the job is that I got to meet new people and make new friends. ", " A typical 8 hour job dependent on schedule. With decent management and relatively easy work. A temporary contract job that helps meet ends meet. ", " Working for Apple was an amazing experience. I learned so much about so many different things including myself while working here. The people that are drawn to this job are some of the most amazing people I've ever had the pleasure to meet. I highly recommend this demanding yet rewarding job. ", " Apple is a great place to work that is constantly evolving. The management is great and they keep you engaged everyday. The benefits are superior and they treat their employees like family. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple provides paid training and it is really good training they do not just shove you though and put you out to get eaten alive. They make sure you know everything and have the tools to succeed and advance with in apple. ", " Apple is an amazing company to work for. The experience and knowledge you gain is once in a life time. It's fast passed and ever changing. The ability to succeed within the company is unlimited. ", " I enjoyed everything with exception of a highly competitive and political infrastructure. I continually supported all three divisions and they did allow me to maintain my R&amp;D, while supporting outside interests of the corporation as the Chief of Data and Cyber Security. ", " Apple make it there mission to offer happiness to both employees and customers alike. There mission is to blur the lines between the arts and technology, create the most innovative machines and offer the highest levels of protection.  They believe in the people. ", " I literally LOVED working for apply. their benefits, the pay, the people you work with are all great. If your looking for somewhere to grow within the company, apply is the place ! ", " Apple cares about its people and encourages development. They strive on customer experience instead of sales. Work life balance was great.  Benefits were extended to part timers. ", " help repair customer relationship technical specialist  time is key very friendly co workers beating traffic having fun ", " The job can be fun and stressful at the same time. Compensation is good but management support is soso. I learned a lot and had fun learning about the apple history and products. ", " Most enjoyable place to work, Co-workers were like family members Management were always there for you.  Everyday was a new and enjoyable challenge ", " Productive and fun workplace. Thank you for reviewing the attached resume and cover letter. If I can provide you with any further information on my background and qualifications, please let me know. ", " I loved my time at Apple. I loved the people I worked with and the culture around it. No matter where you are in the company, you feel like you are part of the company. Something that is unusual for most companies when discussing how each part operates between retail, corporate, etc. ", " great benefits for employees contractors get nothing really. Takes a long time to become an apple employee and its all about who you know ", " Apple is a great place if you are trying to develop your skills. It keeps you challenged every day, and you are constantly learning. Your peers have incredible personalities, and I have made many friends while working here. The days are long and the customers are sometimes difficult, but I enjoy getting to meet new people every day. ", " A plus place to work, great people, amazing benefits.  Lots of room to grow.  best part of my job is the people i work with and difference i make in all lives in interact with ", " Very focused on individual development, great work life balance and amazing benefits. The flexibility working from home offered was also a major plus ", " Excellent training. Work from home is difficult. Isolating but also rewarding. Lots of benefits and great discounts also. ", " Great place for Technical people to work but management is hard to work with as they are usually getting in contact with employees every two weeks which makes it hard to stay connected ", " Before the start of each shift, we were gathered up with an awesome pep talk and a quick update on expectations and any new news. It's a great way to start a shift!   We learn all about the Apple products and we learn about people skills.   Management is awesome. They are great leaders and very inspiring.  The work environment was always welcoming and the co-workers become family. ", " The company is okay. It had good benefits. I liked working at home and talking with people. Paid very well. Decent job overall. ", " Apple is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California, that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, Its hardware products include the iPhone smartphone, the iPad tablet computer, the Mac personal compute. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Part of a team on the line assembling components for monitors, i learned how to be part of a team in a huge multi-national company and gained confidence as i had only completed school, worked with some lovely people there, i don't remember anything being hard about the job and the most enjoyable was being kept busy ", " Customer service facing role. On the phones. Not a great work/life balance. Great benefits. Don't like the work environment. Would like an out of home job. ", " very huge company with many branches, and most importnant thing it cares for is its customer's security, very competitive . ", " This is an awesome company to work for. Makes you  fall in love with Apple all over again. They don't mess around. An they look out for there people. 5 Star company ", " retail stores needs major restructuring. Managers need to be hired based on experience and qualifications. They need more transparency and a better management of hours. ", " Working with interesting people and sharing high end technologies. However, more pressure on multiple projects and shorter deadlines from management, creating imbalanced life style. ", " (Contract position) A typical day of work consists of 75% of the day spent at your cubical on a laptop with a large monitor, 12.5% of mandatory break time (two 15 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunch break), and 12.5% of group discussions and team meetings. Management at times seems to lack interpersonal skills and asking questions is always a tricky situation to navigate. The team is encouraged to ask questions to maintain consistency on projects, but ask the wrong question and you risk being ridiculed by management. Team members are often compared to one another to create a competitive work environment. Favoritism by management is a large problem the team faces, and payment is not always on time or accurate. ", " Had fun working for Apple, my position was home based and I just do not think working at home is best for me. I love to get out and meet people, however, the training received is very beneficial for other call center and technical careers. ", " good pace to work, hours are good and the staff,  most enjoyable part of the job is you experience and learnt the new products ", " you learn a lot about technology, its a team environment and the perks are awesome. Its like a family and being a nerd is finally cool. personal development is a priority ", " i don't like the GBI environment it is of waste. too many vendor collaboration will slowdown the work. for a single task it has to go through tooooo many peoples hand. its a big headache ", " Apple was an awesome company to work for. I didn't like the retail aspect of it, but it was a job that paved the way for my future jobs. Amazing culture there. ", " Learn how to defuse situations, problem solve on the fly, and how to probe for information. Great fun loving team, all of whom are willing to lend a helping hand. ", " I have been with Apple for 6+ years now and I have learned so much.  Everyone I work with are great people who are very kind, smart, and embrace Apple not just as a job, but as a culture.  The leadership team truly cares about your development and want you to succeed.  Overall I can't say enough about this company! ", " I Learned a lot of concepts about java and it features and i learn a lot from my co worker how are senior. They use advanced technologies which are very help full for me. ", " Excellent company overall. No stability in schedule  no matter position or pay your schedule will change every 90 days. Great benefits, all equipment is maintained by the company. ", " Simply the best job I've ever had, all other jobs would have a very high benchmark to meet. Total respect for all the team at Apple. Excellence is expected from all employees 100% of the time. ", " Great company to work for. Flexible hours and a lot of benefits for their employees and time off. Management was cool and so were my colleagues. Able to select hours for work ", " The best part of working at Apple was helping customers who appreciated your knowledge and expertise. However, management and getting promoted could be very political. Employees were given opportunities to mentor continuing and incoming hires, as well as start programs that contribute to internal culture. While at Apple, I started Old Orchard Magazine, a publication designed to get all the store's news to the entire team, while including light-hearted, health-related content about flu shots and yoga poses. ", " Great, fast-paced remote environment. Difficult at times to find a path to \"climb the ladder.\" Motivating and enthusiastic! "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple offers great products in the market place and employees work really hard to make the goals.  There are many excellent managers, and co-workers, but the hierarchy is layered, and quite complex, and NOT the flat structured company as they pretend.  The most enjoyable part of my job was that I got to work with some top-notch producers.  The hardest part of my job was avoiding the political games. ", " The job was very hands on and gave you the opportunity to talk to customers and get to know them. Felt great being able to help others with their tech needs. ", " Its great to work from home, but the job can be very difficult at times and the compensation low. The customers can be very difficult to deal with depending on attitude, age, or tech ability. Managers change a lot and point system for sick days adds to stress if you have any disability or children. ", " Its a great company and place to work. I enjoy working here. Team members and managers are very cool. They help me to learn new stuff every day. ", " Apple is an amazing company to work for. The have amazing benefits for employees and development is second to none. looking for an opportunity to develop myself in another ", " My typical day at work consist of taking in chats and helping customers with their iTunes account. Services could range from simple download issues to missing apps. My co-workers were amazing. Since, we worked at home the chat rooms were all we had. We made he best out of it when time was available. Even though the job was work at home, it still had its busy and stressful days. Especially around holidays and he release of new products. However, I did enjoy not having to physically talk to someone on a regular basis. ", " Apple is a very fun and dynamic environment. Its a place where you manage the vision of company and ensure that internal and external customer are comfortable. ", " It was as good a company as any, don't know if that's saying much. Nothing glamours at all. People are are people. Salary was cool and the holiday pay pretty nice as well. ", " great environment to work with, agile methodologies followed, team is very supportive and encouraging. environment is very dynamic and constantly challenging. great learnings ", " Management and co-workers go beyond the workplace and take interest in you as a person. Easy to feel like a close knit community. ", " At first it was hard to get settled and after that i enjoyed a lot at work.  learned a lot from the company. It was good experience overall. There was friendly environment between co workers. ", " A great place to work, the best job I ever worked. The company its amazing, I like the environment there, the people are always striving for greatness. ", " Made out bound calls to customer, ups, post offices trying to located missing shipments. Sometimes I would have to replaced and refunded unsatisfactory merchandise. Also received inbound calls that had been escalated to my department. ", " There have been little to no opportunities for advancement at the 2 companies that I have worked for. Pretty steady work, but I would like to get paid more for the efforts I put forth. ", " The people are great, but the demand of the job left little family time. You learn how to work with others and how to communicate with customers in a courteous manner. ", " Answered 30 calls a day assisting customer iOS support. Worked with company systems, such as Live Support and diligently complete all assigned tasks, working overtime as needed. Responsible for handling customer account inquiries, accurately providing information to ensure a resolution of product/service complaints and customer satisfaction. Exceptional communication skills and telephone Service. ", " Apple has a very strong culture of ensuring they work with you not only towards your own personal development but also ensuring they give you appropriate time to be with family ", " It's a fun place to work. Very progressive and inclusive culture. Top notch benefits. Have met some great people. Processes are always changing. Would like to see more stability on schedule. ", " Exciting business work environment. Great team members and leaders to all help achieve to customer satisfaction and store goals. The most enjoyable part of the job is to create customer ownership and help small business grow with apple technology and services in store and on line. The management is amazing at helping the team with any concerns and provide great coaching at  a very professional level. I have always seen team members feel more encouraged and innovated after receiving feed back from leadership. ", " The management was very nice. I got to learn a lot during the internship. The whole culture of the organization is centered around delivering amazing products. Attention to detail is in the DNA. I got a chance to meet some really talented individuals. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " A typical day at GC is productive.  I have learned a lot about the world of Apple products and the company.  The hardest but most fun thing about the job was having to play multiple roles such as Apple Retail Support, Sales, Customer Service and Business Support.  Everyday, there was always something new to learn about. ", " A very employee-centered company. They took care of us: good benefits, work/life balance, empathetic managers, inspirational and motivational place to work. ", " It's a good place to work for as far as pay and benefits however, They are not very accommodating with work/life/family balance. There should be no reason to be open on major holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas especially if the stores are closed. Those times should be for family time. If people buy these products for their families they should have it set up BEFORE the holiday and ready to use! Corporate greed has taken over with little to no compassion for family/life outside of work. They feel you should ALWAYS be available for the hours they operate and not everyone's life is the same........need more balance for sure and less greed. ", " The training was excellent and there is a very positive vibe there. My manager was very good and helpful. The company has good policies and supports customer very well. ", " Management is good, with good work life balance. The process can get better. The days are busier whenever there is a big release. ", " apple is a great place to learn and grow regarding technology. The only downside is the micro managing culture of SOME of the managers. It can be Mentally exhausting. ", " The typical day of a Genius in Apple Store is divided between repair duties and customer service, providing support for any kind of issue customers' devices could present.  I learned a lot of technical and social skills. Moreover I learned how to handle very difficult situations and a very good attitude to problem solving.  The management is very efficient, built in horizontal structure that make every manager in touch with employes.  A very huge family, more friends than co-workers. I met very good guys that made the ambient very comfortable.  The hardest part of the job was facing very upset customers because of their devices fault.  The most enjoyable part of the job was the relationship with my co-workers and the leadership team. Furthermore the best part of my job was the training session I used to provide for the new employes. ", " A typical day would consist of solving Customer problems over the phone. Customers I would speak to would all have different problems so the challenge was to solve those problems and make sure the customer had a great experience ", " Fast paced and energetic atmosphere. Very diverse range of tasks to complete. My favorite part of the job is being able to discuss and interact with technology everyday with like minded people. Very strong leadership team and excellent co-workers. ", " I loved working at Apple. They're opportunities were endless and the work environment was awesome. My typical day would be to go to my cubical and set up my desk. After setting up my desk I would prepare to take Developer phone calls. At Apple Inc. we worked as a team so that our days would go smooth. ", " I enjoyed working from home as a team manager for Apple. The experience was a great benefit to helping me move forward with what my goals were in the future. ", " Fifth avenue is one of the toughest stores to work in due to the high traffic. And it being 24 hours makes it a non stop party. however the store itself is massive compared to a lot of other apple stores. ", " The grove is a popular destination, so theres always an array of clientele. Dealing with technology and people can cover a spectrum of emotions haha. But working for a company like apple who really believes in what they are doing to help the world is awesome. I've learn to value a brand with integrity. ", " Successfully grew Apple presence from zero to 68% of total market share within the U.S. Cellular partnership (iPhones, iPads and other products represented at customer accounts). ", " Considering hiring more management positions from within. Not much opportunity for growth for employees, and management doesn't invest a lot in career opportunities for employees to learn new skills and new positions. ", " Become a usual day for me which reach to a point that my daily work and responsibilities has no trill and it doesn't challenge me anymore.  Learned to handle of kinds of duties. Aside from selling I got to learned to do cashiering , received of goods and other paper works.  Co-workers doesn't challenge me at all.  The hardest part is nothing at all, I'm used of everything  Enjoyable part is working with my peers ", " Overall, I enjoy working for the company, and my manager and group are great. However, as a contractor, I have no paid holidays, no PTO, and only 3 sick days for the entire year, and that was not the case when I had started. This particularly becomes a problem in calendar Q4 when Tim is generous to the employees w/ holidays, but I have no way to compensate for the lack of pay during Thanksgiving week and the Christmas-New Years shut down. The other issue is the 15-18 month limit on contractors, so if you aren't converted after that, you have to leave for a few months before you can come back, which is not practical. Lastly, as a contractor, I feel like a second class citizen in the company -- there are many moments when it becomes painfully obvious you are not a regular employee.  Aside from those sticking points, I think the company culture is great, the regular employees seem to have great benefits, and it is genuinely a diverse workplace -- at least in my building, I have bumped into all sorts of nationalities, ethnicities, religions, orientations, persons with disabilities, etc...  My advice: If you can get a regular full-time position at Apple, do it! However, if it's a contractor position, move on and find something else. ", " i enjoyed working at apple it was good job always kept me busy and with something to do. We scan phones into the computer check the resquest and we had to fixed the phone if it was something wrong with it.. after we fixed the phone we double check everything on the phone to makre sure its working corretly. than i packed phone up n ship them out. ", " I have been here for nearly 10 years and I have seen it change from a vibrant, we can do anything culture to a target just get it done culture.  Hiring process seems to be more about who you worked for than what you can do now. ", " Friendly, passionate and organized, Apple Retail was an amazing place to work with great benefits and unbeatable people. Teamwork and support was a must and everyone worked to better themselves as well as each other in a cooperative environment. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " great environment to work with, agile methodologies followed, team is very supportive and encouraging. environment is very dynamic and constantly challenging. great learnings ", " Apple is a great place to work. There are  great benefits and lots of  learning opportunities. Apple is a leader in the industry of technology and drives innovation. ", " very huge company with many branches, and most importnant thing it cares for is its customer's security, very competitive . ", " A day at work is to come in, check your emails, voicemail, and text messages that may have released overnight with a new product or troubleshooting step that may of came out. Then jump into the queue and start helping out customers and co-workers with any problem they may encounter or need help with.   -One of the most enjoyable part of the job is the ability to work with customers and being able to ask for help and get a quick response to any questions you may have.  -The ability to pick your own schedule and have them work around whatever school schedule or vacation time off that you may need. ", " Fifth avenue is one of the toughest stores to work in due to the high traffic. And it being 24 hours makes it a non stop party. however the store itself is massive compared to a lot of other apple stores. ", " Identify and troubleshoot issues with customer machines Mac OS 9/Mac OS X/Server and hardware.  Document all issues that customer was having with machine and order replacement and repairs where needed. ", " Great people, Amazing atmosphere and great products. A lot of skills and competencies are learned in my experience with the company. They develop their people to be professionals. ", " Pros: No other company like this, the culture cannot be described... almost like a cult, but in a great way. Everybody is very proud of their work and their company, lot of smart and capable people, has a slight bit of start up atmosphere amidst a gigantic company..... people respect you when you say you work for Apple.  Con: Hours can be long, processes can be manual - which may sound weird for Apple, upper mobility is difficult for high level individual contributors. You have to negotiate well when you come in b/c they don't just toss bones for hard work. ", " Excellent learning Environment in a start-up like environment. Opportunity to work in a cross-skill team environment................................................... ", " Perform all daily functions for data center technician for Apple. Such as: -Installing/relocating/decommission of servers, storage systems, and switches. -Knowledge of Apples's software tools for inventory, install, power on/off, and time usage.  The enjoyable part is the team work with the co-workers and management to get the job completed correctly.    The hardest part was completing the high priority one tickets on time. ", " Working from a home is a convenient and great opportunity. Home environment is just like a work environment. I've learned more about apple products since starting here. Management is the coolest, they really work with you and give you the tools you need to succeed. Co-workers are always ready to help and reliable team players. Hardest part about the job is not having any physical contact with anyone. Most enjoyable part of the job is being to stay home and still get your work done ", " Managers do not treat the employees equally. They only move their favourite people in advancement for their own selfish reasons. Not enough hours either. The worst part of the job are the customers. ", " Takes concentration  Gotta love to talk to people  Get to meet new people Learn new things Get to hear about all new things happening or coming out before they come out ", " Learn how to defuse situations, problem solve on the fly, and how to probe for information. Great fun loving team, all of whom are willing to lend a helping hand. ", " Great experience working here.  Emphasis on adult learning and continued ed in and out of the store to push employees to full potential. ", " I literally LOVED working for apply. their benefits, the pay, the people you work with are all great. If your looking for somewhere to grow within the company, apply is the place ! ", " A typical day at the job is very exciting at apple. You never know who'll you meet or come across. I love what the brand stands for which is diversity, accessibility, community, and so much more. I enjoy being around all my coworkers, some of which I've became good friends with.The hardest part of the job is all of the technical knowledge but apple takes the time out to educate their employees much as possible on product. ", " Apple Inc. is an incredible company to work for because of it's diversity and openness to individual expression. Apple has a strong reputation for hiring people of integrity, outstanding character, reliable work ethic, and problem solving qualities. Personal development is a strong focus of Apple's mission statement, and all staff members are encouraging and supportive of one another. ", " Apple cares about its people and encourages development. They strive on customer experience instead of sales. Work life balance was great.  Benefits were extended to part timers. ", " I didn't like working here and it's apple crossing not apple. It was way to far of a drive and there was no advancement opportunties. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Working at the flagship apple store was an amazing experience. I met people that I will probably be friends with for life and met amazing customers along the way. It was an exciting place to work especially around conferences and like WWDC and hearing about peoples app ideas and up and coming companies. For instance when I first started I helped out the founder of Air bnb and he told me about it before it became what it is today. ", " -good training -good support -good lunches -good oppurtunities -work load not to hard -shifts not as good7 -good knowledge -good atmosphere -good transfers ", " Management is great, the culture is great. You get to meet new people all the time and learn about the things that make them unique. It's a fun time at the Apple Store. Lots of energy and lots of great people! ", " A workplace that gives opportunity to develop and refine my skills in a manner that will prepare me well for the next step in my career trajectory.  It is my hope to put my knowledge to work in a role that will allow me to make positive contributions to an organization that is driven towards success. ", " Healthy challenges everyday! Customer facing support, Hardware and software troubleshooting and repairs. Great team and coworkers. Minimal micromanaging. ", " The benefits and opportunity's to grow are great with this company. Long hours however the pay is great. Loved being able to help customers fix their problems. ", " You will work with the best people, you will meet a ton of different people from different places of the world. You will be challenged on a daily basis. Managers are super awesome, and have your back for anything. Great benefits. Great products. ", " Good company, great people.  Good exposure to really good technology and engineering practices.  Challenging work and good environment. ", " Working at the Apple warehouse through a temp agency happened to be very fun despite the late hours. My hours were from 7 in the evening to somewhere around 3-4 in the morning. The company was EXTREMELY diverse which were one of the things i most liked while working there. The management were fair. They obviously followed the rules a great deal given the fact we were dealing with actual customer phones. I had a wonderful time working there. I only left because of the complications i was having with my pregnancy at the time. ", " Company is absolutely amazing to work for, the skills that you develop as you are here, the people you meet. You meet so many different people every day and you really feel like you are enriching their lives. The hardest part of the job is probably when a customer loses important data like pictures of a loved one who passed away and you have to break the news. ", " Throughout my time at Apple, my daily duties consisted mainly of performing wrote tasks to assist customers with issues that arose during the shipping of online orders.  Many days, I would go about these tasks with very little downtime or even customer contact. (it was not needed in most cases.)  However, every once in a while we would receive a customer or specialist request that didn't quite make sense or had been handled incorrectly and in these situations, I was able to play detective for a bit.  Unraveling the real reason behind the request or to find out where exactly communication broke down between a customer, a distribution center, and / or a shipping agent.  It was these challenges that truly made this job fun and often times once the issue was resolved the customer was far happier to know that we were looking out for them. ", " Working for Apple requires me to be ready for change at any minute. Looking around corners and dealing with ambiguity are core values in my role. My co-workers are the most supportive and intelligent individuals I have ever worked with. We constantly push one another to think outside the box, and create innovative learning systems.   While I don't think this is a hard thing about the job, I would say that when in development, there is zero work-life balance. But dealing with tight deadlines is part of the job. ", " Ive had excellent jobs. Apple Inc. know how to take care of their employees.  If I had to work here forever I would.  Great Benefits, Always learning, motivating, great opportunity for growth and stress free. ", " Highly rewarding job, very busy and fast pace. Team work and innovation are critical components. Learned many invaluable skills. Incredibly hard work. ", " * Pretty flexible 8-hours a day schedule,great working atmosphere * Learned Apple proprietary front\u00adend test automation scripts, internal tools and the company ethics statement * Easy reachable and effective management * Friendly and helpful team  * Time pressure * Team build meetings ", " Managers and supervisors do not care about you. There is no advancement in this department so I would recommend working else where. If you don't speak another language, they will cut you. ", " Have to love this company. It is a test of your intelligence, Technical aptitude and definitely people skills. If your looking for a feel good job that tests your limits this is the place. The people that you work with are great! They will become your second family. Benefits are second to none. And corporate knows exactly what they are doing and always have something in place to transition into whatever it is they are doing. ", " Hands down management was amazing it didn't feel like a dictatorship. Rather then just give order management worked side by side with the workers. ", " Demonstrated extensive knowledge in the products and services offered by Apple to provide the consumer with a complete solution which boosted overall store customer service goals.  Acted as a member of the setup team to develop customer relationships with the Apple culture.  Enriched lives by not just focusing on getting the highest sale but rather listening to the customer and their specific needs.  Frequently took on roles outside my job description when needed to help the overall business.  Inspired a whole new generation of Apple customers with training and support services. ", " Great management, great facilities, great benefit, great food. It's s very nice company to be part of. nearly 5 000 employees now and still growing. Nice company to work for. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " amazing company and even more amazing staff and managers. Very accommodating to both workers and customers alike.Work pace is very busy but there is a method to the chaos that keeps everything running smoothly. ", " I loved that Apple is always looking to better things. The environment is very fast paced and there is always new things to learn. One of the words that gets thrown around the most at Apple is ambiguity, for we are always kept on our toes both with our co-woerks, new processes and our customers. I loved that fact that there is no judgment on anyone and everyone is welcome. ", " Exceptional level of employee engagement, customer morale and work/life balance. The training program was extraordinary in helping me understand the concepts of the job. ", " Great people, Amazing atmosphere and great products. A lot of skills and competencies are learned in my experience with the company. They develop their people to be professionals. ", " Work from home answering calls for technical problems with Apple products.  Most advisors are cross-trained on multiple Apple devices.  Must take notes using a computer program while troubleshooting and speaking to the customer.   Apple wants calls complete in 15 minutes. ", " Included a lot of customer interaction, problem solving and data entry. Was super collaborative culture as team mates often relied on one another to accomplish company goals. ", " I love it. Apple has always been a dynamic place to work and that has not changed over the years. The company is larger and more diverse than ever.  Join us! ", " Apple is a fast passed environment for the work itself. But the culture behind the scenes is very laid back. Your communication with leadership is often the same as peers. Very relaxing environment. Hardest part of the job is the constant stress of being a busy and popular retail chain. ", " - great coworkers - great benefits - work life balance is great - people are really smart to work with and you can learn a lot from them. - proud working for this great company. ", " So far, the greatest team I have ever worked with. We are focused, efficient, and most importantly, caring for each other and customers and their needs. I have grown more here than anywhere else. I've learnt more about business and more about myself here too. ", " Empowered to make the right decisions for customers. A fun working environment. Offers great benefits and the company really help you with your personal growth. ", " Apple is very demanding and long hours are a must due to shear volume of work and debug required.  No one day is the same, always something to work on and figure out. ", " 1.Learned new stuff like creating ruby gems and different ways to approach to a solution.  2. Previously used to work in team and currently I'm the only developer in entire project, So this helped me to take new challenges and learn a better way to meet dead lines. ", " great benefits, and is an at home job so you can work in pijamas.the pay is good and the advantages too. the management team is very professional but also down to earth, the only thing is that you need to be flexible, every 3 months you get a new schedule. ", " The management team is not great. There is no employee engagement or career development planning. For such a great company it's too bad they don't want to make the most of their people or keep them happy and engaged. ", " It's too good 8 hours work per day Management is good too Coworkers always help each other  Most enjoyable thing  All workers work like a team ", " have the ability to get up and work from home  and have that human interaction . Learning new apple improved updates and products ", " Unable to disclose due to Apple Security policies. Employees are contractually obligated to not discuss employment on any or all social media and job site platforms ", " One of the most fun places you can work for retail. You get to speak to all different types of people. Everyday is different even though you are doing the same things. Hardest part of the job is finding the best way to connect to each customer and make it a personalized experience for them. ", " very good work paced company, taking good care of people giving good incentives perks bonus good and healthy environments and having paid leaves is a bonous. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " It is a great place to work, cares about employee and interaction is great and fun. Open culture among work mates. Growth is available, Great training received. ", " The greatest thing about the position is I got the convenience and ease of working from home. Apple was very prompt and attentive to make sure that I had all of the equipment that I needed to do the job. A typical work day would consist of inbound calls that would assist customers with a wide array of troubleshooting and technical issues. Apple provided more than enough support so that there was no time that I was unable to properly assist my customers. The work environment was all virtual and we were able to keep in contact with our team members via computer. All in all it was a good opportunity for me. ", " A typical day at work is mostly fun. I have learned how to multi-task and manage my time, and how to  be extremely patient while dealing with different kinds of customers, at the same time adjusting to their communication style. ", " The co-workers/people you work with are often the best part.  Apple typically hires good people that are enjoyable to work with.  The problem is often management and expectations from the company itself.  Typically they want people who accept everything, question nothing, and think Apple is the greatest thing ever.  If you speak your mind, typically you won't go far because you're seen as someone that will cause trouble.   The health benefits are incredible, the pay is pretty fair.  Dealing with customers can be tough or incredible. ", " very huge company with many branches, and most importnant thing it cares for is its customer's security, very competitive . ", " Great people to work with every single day. Yes, Apple is a big company but it doesn't feel that way. There is a sense of family when you work there in the stores ", " Very poor management I think it is because of the out source company they don't provide any chances to your carrier and there is no place to spend your break in the street especially the lunch break you have to eat in the street.. Work it self it is not bad but organization is really poor ", " Apple is very demanding and long hours are a must due to shear volume of work and debug required.  No one day is the same, always something to work on and figure out. ", " I worked for Apple for a number of years and saw many ups and downs. Overall it's a positive place to work, but it really depends on which department or manager you are working for. ", " The industry afforded me the oppotunity to tap into further skills of my own. ( namely: marketing, negotions, business development ) I had the oppotunity to lay processes and procedures for excellent customer service delivery. ", " Have a good team and that's why I have good experience work there. Company has a lot of different projects, but you not able to growing up as apple employee. ", " Working with interesting people and sharing high end technologies. However, more pressure on multiple projects and shorter deadlines from management, creating imbalanced life style. ", " I loved that I always had something to do. It made the days go by fast. The breaks and lunches suffered however. Assisting in the repair of Apple products was fun and helped to be able to fix your own products. ", " Great work environment and company to work for with health benefits which included dental, vision and general health. Nice people. ", " Delivery and pick up of mail in an office environment setting on a time schedule, in the mean while processing out going and receiving inbound mail while and making copies for pamphlets for meetings literature in a timely manner.... ", " -Exposure/hands-on to the most recent technologies. -Good opportunity to grow. -An opportunity to fully utilize my skill set. ", " This job required being persist with very small clues, as well as taking your time to look at areas that may not come to the surface right away enjoyed the working environment, would love to work at apple again. ", " Its hard to encompass everything I experienced with Apple. But I would say that they have the infrastructure for most anyone can thrive. Its a massive undertaking and well worth it at times. ", " A typical day at Apple is taking customer calls/chats. Meeting required standards of customer service learning new products and software. Working from home is a plus. ", " While being employed at Apple Inc, I was able to meet varying personalities , gained long time friends , and enjoyed the many perks of the games/holiday parties they would put together for their employees. The downside, however, is that a call center role is not for a fitting role for someone that may have emergencies with their loved ones , due to their strict attendance policies. All-in-all, I look at my experience there as one I will never forget. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Great co-workers, poor onsite managers. Work was tedious and repetitive.  I really sharpened my skills in Indesign and photoshop! Learned a lot from co-workers. ", " The company treats you like family and not just a number or an employee. You are welcomed with open arms into the Apple Culture and you find yourself speaking and acting the Apple way even though you may not even be present at work. Level of expectations are extremely high and you find yourself doing the same in your personal life. You learn that \"good enough\" doesn't fly but rather that perfection is expected of you &amp; you find everyone else striving on a daily basis to meet that level of expectation. There is job security! Its hard to advance internally but to advance externally is easier. ", " Great!  Apple is definitely a good company to work for.  I have been with Apple for almost 4 years.  I am looking for other opportunities.  I really want to get back to my comfort zone with Windows. ", " Apple is a great company to work for, they work with you to become a better adviser and to help your customers better, I was promoted to Tier 2 last March and I enjoyed my new position. ", " There\u2019s work and there\u2019s your life\u2019s work. The kind of work that has your fingerprints all over it. The kind of work that you\u2019d never compromise on. That you\u2019d sacrifice a weekend for. You can do that kind of work at Apple. People don\u2019t come here to play it safe. They come here to swim in the deep end. They want their work to add up to something. Something big. Something that couldn\u2019t happen anywhere else. ", " A typical work day was usually fun. You learn an awful lot about apple products, and they always have more training for you. Management was great. They focused on making you improve at your job. Co-Workers were great. Always friendly, and always helpful. They hardest part of the job, as one would expect with customer service, was dealing with angry customers. There weren't prevalent, but they were there. ", " Overall, an experience with plenty of growth and memorability; furthermore, trained me to work well under pressure and to vastly improve my time management. ", " its a good job for training they teach you a lot not only about apple but technology. I would recommend this company to anyone looking to jump in to the tech world. ", " I love my job with AppleCare. I can say that not only are the benefits great, but the environment is what you make it. Yes, you can make your work environment the best atmosphere so that you can provide exceptional customer service to the customers of Apple, Inc. Each team is like a family and we are all extended families from our teams. Love working here so very much. ", " Apple is a a great place to work, be mindful of the atmosphere. Drink the Kool-Aid and fit in with the culture, if you don't you will not last long. ", " Love working at Apple. Great culture, benefits, and flexibility. You are always working with a team of people, both peers and leaders, that care about your development (i.e. advancement) in the company. ", " Apple is just like any other retailer: long hours with minimal pay. But everyone is very happy when they come into an Apple Store, which helps as an associate! ", " Apple Inc.is a really great place to work. You are surrounded by some of the most talented and inteligent people you can ever work with. I would say it can be intense at times but the payoff is almost always worth it. ", " The team would prepare for the day together in the morning reviewing company policies and outlooks. We would help customers and advocate for Apple products. We would embrace change. My co-workers and managers always appreciated my work. The difficult part of the job was the retail. In retail it is hard to achieve 100% customer satisfaction. Meeting people and learning life stories was the most enjoyable part of my work. ", " Worked as a part-time associate when needed. Fun coworkers which makes working with difficult customers a lot more manageable. Never felt as though I couldn't ask for help. ", " Apple hires on the brightest and smartest people. They somehow manage to hire those without ego. It's a real joy to work in an environment where everyone is focused on the great good of the company instead of the great good of their careers ", " Great place to learn a lot of stuff. Good experts in the area of their respective engineering. Good place to have a lot of fun, food and recreational activities. ", " The workplace is fast-paced, supportive, and friendly. The most enjoyable part of the job is coming up with solutions to fix clients products. ", " Selling products, set-up of new products, trouble shooting, iPhone, iPad, and Mac computer workshop teacher.  So much to learn that I gained a lot of technical experience so as to educate customers of their best purchase choice and get them started with workshops.  Job was part-time, extremely competetive for moving up the chain. ", " Working at Apple thus far has been a great experience, new challenges arise frequently, and working in an environment that is constantly in-flux helps develop the skill of dealing with ambiguity. Apple provides great benefits to it's employees, and there is a general sense that the company really appreciates its employees. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Managers do not treat the employees equally. They only move their favourite people in advancement for their own selfish reasons. Not enough hours either. The worst part of the job are the customers. ", " Every changing days.  The only constant is change. Keeps you on your toes all day. This is great but it is changing. Must be adaptive to change. ", " great place to work  - subject to the woes of retail hours - management is inconsistent  - great benefit plans - high caliber of employees hired - excellent on the job training ", " While being employed at Apple Inc, I was able to meet varying personalities , gained long time friends , and enjoyed the many perks of the games/holiday parties they would put together for their employees. The downside, however, is that a call center role is not for a fitting role for someone that may have emergencies with their loved ones , due to their strict attendance policies. All-in-all, I look at my experience there as one I will never forget. ", " Apple as a company is a great company to work for. They train and give competitive wages. The benefits are a real positive that the company offers.  A typical day at work can be very stressful and physically demanding. I learned teamwork, technical skills and staff development. Co-workers were my favorite part of the job, however management left a little to be desired. The hardest part of the Job is the customers that demanded more than what we can give. The most enjoyable would be the repairing computers. ", " Tech support sucks. It's an unending task. The \"support\" provided by your team is superficial and patronizing. A waste of time. ", " Best call center helpdesk to work in hands down - training is extensive, couching and follow-up is constant, only hurdle is politics with management that will affect promotions and new positions. ", " Working at Apple Care was fine. From the training down to the actual material given to assist customers could definitely use some improvements. Most of the trainers didn't seem to feel confident about what they were teaching, and when it came down to it most of the employees didn't feel confident and able to actually assist with most technical problems. e ", " Apple is a great company to work for. They provide full time benefits for student workers. They also provide tuition reimbursement. Virtual environment for my position. ", " I have mixed feelings about working for Apple. I love the people that work for Apple but did not like the culture of what Apple enforced. Compared to Google and Twitter they were a lot more strict on their culture at work. Aside from that they did not offer free meals unlike Google or Twitter which did not make any sense since they had more money than them put together. ", " A nice campus that has pretty much everything you need to get through your day!  A nice office atmosphere with great views of the outdoors.  The company strives to take care of you. ", " Great company and benefits, learn a lot of history about apple and the cutting edge technology. I have learned a substantial amount about the apple software and customer care over the phone ", " Very poor management I think it is because of the out source company they don't provide any chances to your carrier and there is no place to spend your break in the street especially the lunch break you have to eat in the street.. Work it self it is not bad but organization is really poor ", " Typical day at work might be working on the sales floor, teaching people how to use technology better, solving technical problems, helping businesses grown and so much more. Every day is different and requires creativity and flexibility.   I learn a lot about myself. I have learned a ton about technology. I have learned so much about how each person is different and how to best help them.  Management can vary, but I would say for the most part many of them care about you. The more separated they become from the retail floor, the less connected they become to the staff and that can be frustrating.  Hardest part about the job is finding the best way to help people understand and not getting frustrated at lack of understanding.   The most enjoyable part of the job is working with someone whose life is changed by our products. ", " Working customer support for Apple is challenging. Being rated the best customer support 15 years in a row means people expect the best. We aim to please and hit that mark about 85% of the time. The senior level role is demanding and rewarding at the same time. I can own anywhere from 15-30 cases at a given time. During releases of products and software our business increases and they offer a lot of OT, they almost make it feel like it is mandatory OT. I like the money but I also appreciate time with my family.   The only negatives about this job are the work life balance. We switch schedules every 90 days and what schedule you get is based on your metrics while on the phone with customers. They give you options on schedule but you are pretty much guaranteed to work at least one weekend day. In addition, when November and December come around we get busy. This means you will most likely be working Thanksgiving and/or Christmas. You also can not take time off during those months without a head manager approval. Now to be fair they give you 3 days to make up for the holidays that you can use but the hours have to be available for you to take them.   The positives include great benefits and stock options. Discounts on products that you can share with friends and family. Options to  work from home and the occasional swag for the Apple fan club. ", " Apple may have one of the most streamlined product suites in the market, but their in house research and development process is not what I expected it to be. Instead what I experienced was a General Motors style heads down cubical style approach to software development that really burst my bubble. Where were all these creative people collaborating? ", " Fun place to work, where you meet so many amazing people. Its a very good part-time job especially while going to school. Max federal tuition reimbursement even for part-time employees. You will develop excellent communication skills that you can take with you the rest of your life. Not much opportunity for advancement in the retail sector. ", " Amazing job. from management, to co-workers, to demand of job. Benefits and rewards from working there are second to none. Create a very fun environment to work in and set you up for success. ", " was a great job placement learned ios device and how they work and how to repair there issue  and also learned fast paced and call experience and great people ", " Good job for a first job. Interesting people. Can be hectic at times and customers are ungrateful. The company stands for great things and you can feel good about working here. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I came in early and i left late everyday! not because i had too but because i loved my job, i loved the people i worked. we had fun and we got the job done! ", " I learned how to take and apply written feedback that was given by other Fraud Prevention Specialist. In previous jobs, feedback was given face to face. ", " It feels like your colleagues want to help you improve. However you are also pitted against them to maintain status quo.  Ultimately Apple has taught me how to better improve myself and my image. ", " Great place to work and experience. I have gained a ton of knowledge working for Apple. Whether working remote or working in a Store, definitely worth it ", " Made out bound calls to customer, ups, post offices trying to located missing shipments. Sometimes I would have to replaced and refunded unsatisfactory merchandise. Also received inbound calls that had been escalated to my department. ", " Apple is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California, that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software, and online services ", " Apple is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California, that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software, and online services. Wikipedia ", " Apple was a great company to work for but the management was not very forthcoming about long term positions and advancement. Hired a lot of workers with the assumption of full time jobs just to have a massive down size after the holiday season/ IPhone 6S release. ", " Apple is one of the leading IT industries and while they do a lot of things well there are a few things that could be easily fixed that have not yet ", " Its a great experience where i learned a lot and engaged with multiple project. Amazing and massive training courses where i developed myself. Great team i learned a lot from everyone. ", " Excellent learning Environment in a start-up like environment. Opportunity to work in a cross-skill team environment................................................... ", " The Apple Store was a really fun place to work. It requires you to be on your toes because the stores are always busy. Working behind the Genius Bar sure had its pros and cons, but overall- awesome place to work. ", " The best exp\u00e9rience i have lived was with Apple \u00e0 professional environment that you can learn more about Sales techniques ", " I loved the job but missed the one on one connection with people. I learned many things about Mac, iTunes, and all facets of IOS, the mobile side of Apple. The hardest part of the job was telling someone all their data was deleted (contacts) because it was never backed up to anything or The Cloud. ", " The company has a very strong internal culture and networking system that requires the employee to embrace in order to succeed.  Middle management is not usually aligned with the core principles though. ", " working at apple computer made me realize a lot ive learned with sales, the most enjoyable part of my job is talking on the phone with customers.,making ", " Be the best to work in with the best. A hard working but fun place to work. Where you'll meet like minded people and get to use some of the best technology out there. ", " i feel really fortunate to be able to work for apple. they are ana amazing company and treat their employees with a lot of respect ", " Apple is a great place to work that is constantly evolving. The management is great and they keep you engaged everyday. The benefits are superior and they treat their employees like family. ", " The site is awesome! The company is fantastic. If you're putting in the time and hard work, the company will take care of you. Very introverted environment. Everybody kind of does there own thing. Some of the issues I ran into with management is acquiring details to a particular task I was asked to perform. I wasn't informed on some of the key details that I should have been told about before the project I was told to execute, and therefore they blamed me for the project not being what they wanted. Other than that, the job was great. I had a wonderful time! "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Management was friendly, but unorganized and micromanaged. High overturn rate in employees so there were new people to train and instruct every 6 weeks. Hardest part of the job was having new inexperienced employees being held to the same expectation levels of experienced employees that had been there for years, from day one without a probationary period. Most enjoyable part of the job was working with the newest up to date electronics on the market. ", " Apple is a great place to work. The work environment promotes having an open mind and accepting everyone. Innovation is stressed on a regular basis... ", " I loved working for apple, but due to life I was unable to transfer on such short notice to my new home. One of the best job ever. I would recommend this job to anyone. ", " It was a new experience that I enjoyed  the people were great the environment friendly it was something new so much going on around me and change always happening ", " Part of a team on the line assembling components for monitors, i learned how to be part of a team in a huge multi-national company and gained confidence as i had only completed school, worked with some lovely people there, i don't remember anything being hard about the job and the most enjoyable was being kept busy ", " Made out bound calls to customer, ups, post offices trying to located missing shipments. Sometimes I would have to replaced and refunded unsatisfactory merchandise. Also received inbound calls that had been escalated to my department. ", " I loved working for Apple. They provided great benefits and lots of room for advancement. The management was always very positive and wanted you to succeed. The company is based on how well you do your job so if you work hard then you get first pick during shift bids. They also have a great benefits package, retirement, and also great insurance. ", " You must have political savvy if you want to move up in the organization, you are not judged or evaluated by results you are ranked on how well you conform to the companies hierarchy and culture.  You can excel in your goal attainment but the leadership doesn't like you socially, you career path is limited.  They offer great benefits and work life balance, and people are friendly.  Best part of the Job was introducing customers to new technology.  Learned that business is political and nice guys truly do finish last at let at Apple. If this is how business is done then I'll remain on a path that allows me to treat people with dignity and respect and let's me sleep at night. ", " I learned how to take and apply written feedback that was given by other Fraud Prevention Specialist. In previous jobs, feedback was given face to face. ", " Apple is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California, that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software, and online services ", " Apple is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California, that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software, and online services. Wikipedia ", " Great benefits such as tuition reimbursement, laid back environment. Surrounded by nothing but support &amp; geniuses who are well-suited for their position. ", " Too stressful! Stress and it seemed like it was run like a weak start up.  They had so many glitches in their process.  Internal apps were not up to par.  Too Stressful!!! ", " Assisting customers with their iOS systems for technical issues. Training is the hardest part and passing exams. People are fun and lively ", " It feels like your colleagues want to help you improve. However you are also pitted against them to maintain status quo.  Ultimately Apple has taught me how to better improve myself and my image. ", " Excellent working place. Growth is good. Future is great. Location is good. work life is good. Progressive company. Market leader in Technology innovations. ", " Apple is a fast passed environment for the work itself. But the culture behind the scenes is very laid back. Your communication with leadership is often the same as peers. Very relaxing environment. Hardest part of the job is the constant stress of being a busy and popular retail chain. ", " Great place to work and experience. I have gained a ton of knowledge working for Apple. Whether working remote or working in a Store, definitely worth it ", " Managers and supervisors do not care about you. There is no advancement in this department so I would recommend working else where. If you don't speak another language, they will cut you. ", " If you are passionate about the company, is a great experience looks great in your resume and open doors. But low life balance. Many many many hours standing but the flexibility of Apple is one that you would not come across very often, tattoos, piercing, flip flops and very lay back clothing, colorful hair and you are not judge by appearance, I mean personal care is a plus, but very open about your looks, which I love... The only downside is that to get a transfer within the company is like been re-hired again, is very difficult and sometimes you wonder if is easier to quit and apply in another store or hold on tight. Different stores different management and the Millenia store in Orlando FL has the BEST management team. The store leader is exceptional and he is loved by many. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Everyone wants to help. Ask questions. From my first day of training, everyone was eager and happy to be there. There is not one person that won't help. ", " amazing feeling waking up everyday and being able to create something in your mind and bring it to life for the world to enjoy. ", " Apple provides you the tools to succeed in a vast range of jobs and industries. Room for growth within the company. Wonderful employees and job culture. ", " You must have political savvy if you want to move up in the organization, you are not judged or evaluated by results you are ranked on how well you conform to the companies hierarchy and culture.  You can excel in your goal attainment but the leadership doesn't like you socially, you career path is limited.  They offer great benefits and work life balance, and people are friendly.  Best part of the Job was introducing customers to new technology.  Learned that business is political and nice guys truly do finish last at let at Apple. If this is how business is done then I'll remain on a path that allows me to treat people with dignity and respect and let's me sleep at night. ", " Apple was a great company to work for. The only problem was the work life balance and the compensation wasn't great for the company being the largest and most profitable in the world. ", " Receiving Incoming Calls, Customer Interfacing, Product Promotion, Processing Sales, Customer Data Collection and Management  The management and co-workers were the best I've ever had, I miss them very much.  I would have to say I least enjoyed sales, although I have to say it was very soft sales and the customers were very receptive to buying applecare for their products.  The most enjoyable part of that job was working from home and the support of the team. They really made you feel, for a virtual environment, like you were right there in the office w/ them. And the products were very easy to promote. People love Apple, the customer service is #1 in consumer reports, I am very proud to be able to say I was a part of that. ", " During my time there it was amazing , got to meet great people daily talk about products I love and perks that made working worth it. ", " I found apple to be a very fun work place. Just be ready to work the hardest you ever have. I found that Apple helped me grow in my leadership skills. ", " I like Apple Company. I have learned a lot in Apple. I would love to work again for them again. I would love to join them back when there is a need again for Computer Tech. ", " There's nothing bad that I can say about working here. Management is amazing. Co-workers are amazing. The benefits are awesome. You basically get paid just to talk to people and make conversation with sales intertwined into it. ", " great place to work  - subject to the woes of retail hours - management is inconsistent  - great benefit plans - high caliber of employees hired - excellent on the job training ", " Excellent team on the Argus app. Ultimately the app was direct competition for Apple Watch and was no longer advanced. Loved the time and the experience. ", " Wonderful place to work.  I would have stayed longer but moved.  I became apple certified in a lot of different areas.  I love to be challenged and I'm very good worker. ", " I loved working for Apple. They provided great benefits and lots of room for advancement. The management was always very positive and wanted you to succeed. The company is based on how well you do your job so if you work hard then you get first pick during shift bids. They also have a great benefits package, retirement, and also great insurance. ", " A day at work is to come in, check your emails, voicemail, and text messages that may have released overnight with a new product or troubleshooting step that may of came out. Then jump into the queue and start helping out customers and co-workers with any problem they may encounter or need help with.   -One of the most enjoyable part of the job is the ability to work with customers and being able to ask for help and get a quick response to any questions you may have.  -The ability to pick your own schedule and have them work around whatever school schedule or vacation time off that you may need. ", " Apple has so many positive aspects to it's benefit. I would say this was a great working place. From your time of start there is a culture of sharing both praise and critical. A fair exchange between co-workers and benefits that make your time there work it. Management for the most part is good, with any company though it's weakness often lies in it's management, apple is no different. I'd say the new hire has a hard choice between personal and work life balance. Managers will ask for your time, especially during launch times. ", " Fun place to work if your young and just looking to maintain spending money but very little room for advancement and career establishment. ", " we lost the contract but i had no complaints. they trained pretty well and there was no drama. hardest part was not being able to make all the customers happy ", " Overall, Apple can be a great place to transition from survival jobs into a professional career.  It is certainly comfortable, but if you stay too long, you can burn out easily.  The most enjoyable part of the job is the people, they tend to hire well balanced, creative employees with strong work ethics.  The hardest part, specifically at the Fifth Avenue store, is giving non-english speaking customers the same great service - as their training does not prepare you for on-the-fly translations.  A typical day for a sales specialist is 8 hours on your feet expending all the social energy you have to be as outgoing and friendly as possible. Management wants to keep you on track to make their daily revenue goals, but is always on the employees side in difficult CS scenarios. Promotions are super competitive, and there is quite a bit of hiring from outside the company. ", " Being a Home Advisor for apple gives you the ability to work in the comfort of your own home office, while being able to work very closley with others within your team and department "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple is a company that is very inclusive of everyone. They offer all kinds of benefits outside of medical and dental. You work with a very diverse group of people. You are pushed and grow every day you work there. ", " Apple is a great place to work. Lots of new things to learn and lots of possibilities to move forward. Each day is a challenge never knowing who is on the other line needing assistance. It makes me feel great when I can solve a customer's issue and hear the smile on their face over the phone. ", " - admin work, planning and organizing  - on the sales floor managing the team, coaching, managing the customer experience, driving sales, managing process, and innovating for 3 hours.  - 15 min break - back on the sales floor managing the team, coaching, managing customers experience, driving sales and managing process, innovating for another hour - 1 hour lunch - back on the sales floor managing the team, customer experience, driving sales and managing process, innovating. - Admin hour to wrap up documenting coaching conversations and planning. Once a quarter managers are entirely off the floor to meet with the employees Managers are responsibly for training, coaching and devising strategic development plan. ", " Worked here as a college student and found them to be very accommodating. Pay is great but hey it customer service. Not bad for entry level. ", " A typical day included maintaining the order and presentation of the sales floor, unloading and branding new shipment and assisting customers as needed .   I learned a lot about floor setting and visual merchandising   My co -workers were very diverse   The hardest part of the job is not really having a work life balance   The most enjoyable part about the job is the travel. ", " Great work life balance, great management team, fun atmosphere with great people to work with. Really care about its employees and collaborative environment. ", " Some of their policies when you can not work because their systems are down for maintenance but we get dinged for it adds up after awhile. Management doesn't budge on these and play favorites with employees. ", " Apple is a great company to work for. They provide full time benefits for student workers. They also provide tuition reimbursement. Virtual environment for my position. ", " Every skill you possess is constantly tested. As you learn what your strengths and areas of opportunity are, you learn how to creatively problem-solve with the resources around you while learning to be a resource yourself. ", " A great place to work for a short amount of time, if you are looking for stability then no. Other then that great environment and people. ", " A typical day is working on images that are used in World Wide Sales and Training material. I coordinate photo shoots, models, locations, etc., to suite the desired message, and then photograph and retouch all images for use. It is a fast paced environment, and collaboration with co-workers is very important. The hardest part of the job is trying to get enough information in order to do decide what the best solution is. The most enjoyable part of the job is finding the right solution. ", " Apple products are amazing and will continue to be reliable and cutting edge for the foreseeable future. Middle Management is more concerned with posturing and protecting themselves rather than promoting an environment where people are developed and promoted. ", " Great people, Great friends, Great vibe. However, if you're looking for personal development, be prepared to kiss some manager butt before anyone even cares enough to help you move up in that company. ", " Seems like hard work doesn't get you very far. Kissing up is what does. The company has great benefits and I hear other markets other than South Fl are much better. They rather hire external managers than develop from within, which is a shame for a company like Apple. ", " Well time spent knowledge gained was priceless It's Great place to work I suggest better compensation and a better turnover rate. I recommend this job! ", " looking for a change due to personal reasons , preferred location is south / west (Bay area)/  .   Work experience at apple has been great and i enjoyed working there  wish my contract never ended there ", " I loved every minute of working for Apple.  I had an amazing work life balance and they respected my career and that I wanted to achieve things outside of the building I was in.  I got lots of support that went over and beyond anything I could have asked for.  If you're thinking about applying, DO! ", " great place to work  - subject to the woes of retail hours - management is inconsistent  - great benefit plans - high caliber of employees hired - excellent on the job training ", " Challenging tasks everyday. Co-workers are very friendly supportive. Involde in generating reports worked sometimes late night but never felt tired. Very fun working in Apple. ", " its a good job for training they teach you a lot not only about apple but technology. I would recommend this company to anyone looking to jump in to the tech world. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " no complaints whatsoever. Great management and great moral. The products do sell themselves and all the customers are so excited to get new gadgets that it is fun to take part in. ", " Answer phones to trouble shoot customers cell phones.Check to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.Confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, take or enter orders, cancel accounts, or obtain details of complaints.Review claims adjustments with clients, examining parts claimed to be defective, and approving or disapproving clients claims.Order tests that could determine the causes of product malfunctions. ", " Very repetitive. Not enough training or breaks for the traffic coming in. Can become mentally exhausted quickly. I like to be genuinely happy when I work and thats not always possible in this environment. ", " they love their employees. Great place to work and learn. Awesome perks too anyone would enjoy working here. Its Fun Fun FUN. ", " Management and the job culture is lacking, but the company is a great company to work for. The benefits are really nice, and once you are in with Apple, it is very easy to move and grow within the company ", " Working at Apple means that the things you work on get into the hands of hundreds of millions of people. Excellent work environment as you get to work from the comfort of your own home. The people you meet and work along side (though strictly via video/text chat and email) are amazing! Everybody believes in fostering growth and enhancing your skills. The type of dynamic most folks have with their Teams and Managers is inspiring. ", " This job is very fast past and busy on most days, especially the weekends and holidays.  The pay could honestly be better for the amount of work you do whether you're a technician or sales person. You do not make commission which is ok in some aspects but they expect you to hit specific sales numbers.  The days can be long and you have to deal with sometimes rude and angry customers.  The culture however is a ton of fun and the co-workers for the most part were awesome. You get to play with new products and even get some great discounts.  The health insurance is amazing as well!  It is very hard to move up however because everyone in the company is wanting to move up to higher level sales, technician or manager positions.  In three years I never received a promotion but was constantly getting good reviews and taking the most appointments in the store. I would recommend the job as a great fun retail job but not something you would make a living out of. ", " I enjoyed this company very much they were very patient and understanding to my situation and how I thought it would be hard to learn this trade but they helped me and I am very greatful to them ", " I learned a lot about myself, other people as well as more knowledge on Apple products. I learned how to communicate with people and to listen well in order to understand what people need and are asking for. I learned so many things about different people because Apple is extremely diverse. So many people come from different professional backgrounds with different ideas. ", " Challenging and not for everyone. Management is good but you are bounced from manager to manager/team to team quite often as opportunities for other positions pop up quite frequently both on the managerial as well as the advisor side. ", " Apple was an unbelievable company to work for.  Apple is all business but Fridaya they know how to let their hair down.  We work very hard and business is very important. ", " To work for such a world wide known company with such a great name and fantastic product they manufacture right here in our city, and also to learn and work with a great team was a very good experience for me. One I will never forget. ", " I was blessed with the best manager apple could offer and because of this it made my time for the company very enjoyable. I logged in on a personal network from home and I would take phone calls from customers with technical issues with there iPhones, iPods or iPads. The work was not hard but did get very boring. as you worked alone it was very difficult to obtain any help when urgently needed. ", " This company actually cares about its employees and gives ample resources to help you. This job had more training then any position i had ever worked for. But the compensation and PTO right off the bat was perfect for the position. The job required alot but the compensation of paid sick and PTO plus a high wage made this a good position. ", " Typical retail job, but with a amazing encouragement to learn.  Apple was an environment where training was fostered in order for you to be more effective at your job performance. ", " My typical day at work was started after my morning routine. I worked from home in my own office, and simply talked to customers through a headset. My preferred shifts were 4 10 hr shifts, so I could enjoy 3 days off. The hardest part of the job was sometimes the best part. I worked from home. Eventually I missed the interpersonal day to day that many work environments have. ", " Apple truly lives out its belief that it's people are the most important thing to the company.  They take care of you and really take the time to understand career ambitions. ", " Appointments daily resolving technical issues.  Management is great! Tough and great job at the same time. I learned how to interact with the public and great interactions. ", " The job was fun when you were actually getting to do the job you are supposed to do. If you were a full time employee or one of the leaders of the store, you could be expected to do many different things, which you have to do to be promoted, but very often the work you do and the effort you put in to your job goes unrewarded. In my experience a carrot was dangled in front of my face for to long so eventually I left. ", " Fun environment to work in, managers would have meetings with you on a monthly basis to check your progress, always new things going on and extensive training made sure that you always felt comfortable even in a job which required a lot of knowledge. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple has a unique culture and an astonishing commitment to excellence in product and customer experience.Great work environment. Excellent benefits. Perfect place for self development ", " I have worked for Apple for nearly 5 years now.  I was initially a sales assistant but after two years I moved up to Genius Bar Technician.  Apple is a great company to work for, I work with some of the most talented people I have ever met all gathered in one place.  There is fantastic management and support as well as lots of opportunities for personal development and progression. ", " Loved working for this company. Training was easy and fun to learn! Trainers/Management was super kind and awesome, plus I got to work from home! Cannot love this enough. Just wasn't for me! ", " Fun place to work if your young and just looking to maintain spending money but very little room for advancement and career establishment. ", " Apple has a great working environment, and every single person from top to bottom makes you feel as if you're part of a team! I recommend it to anyone who's looking for such a welcoming environment! ", " Everyone I worked with was a dream. I would have preferred an office environment instead of working from home but still could not complain. ", " Great people to be working with. Super dynamic and full of energy, Well organised company with a lot of opportunities for advancement. ", " Great company, with great benefits, paid training work from home availability.  work day is very busy have the to choose from 4x10 or x8 schedules for  months   you learn a lot on a daily basis  Ideal for ppl with older children not smaller kids  there is no hard part to the job you get training ", " Working for Apple Inc. was amazing.  Being able to work for a well-known company such as Apple was extremely rewarding.  The company treats their employees with value and appreciation, I was proud to tell people what I did for a living and where it was at. ", " Great place to learn a lot of stuff. Good experts in the area of their respective engineering. Good place to have a lot of fun, food and recreational activities. ", " The pay is atrocious, management at retail stores is beyond incompetent.  They are always trying to cut corns of being cheap by not having enough people working, giving people minimal hours, using money to have meets at cheap venues and using the food money during holidays to get discounted garbage from a restaurant in the mall.    Also no room for growth and HR doesn't assist you whatsoever.  Cultish atmosphere. ", " Apple is a great company but retail hours are not for me. i did not go to school for people to talk to me in a rude manner. It can also be a bit hard to move up from corporate while starting in apple retail. ", " A typical work day consist of problem solving, multi tasking, building and maintaining relationships with customers. The most enjoyable part of the job is Making connections with different people and  enriching their  lives and helping create win win solutions. ", " I love current position as a specialist. There's a large amount of clients that you help throughout the day. It can be very rewarding but also very tiring. ", " I love Beats by Dr. Dre. What is not to love? The attire was casual, the people in the office made work fun. Everyone I connected with was always willing to help me out. I was able to create databases that the entirety of the company could utilize and benefit from. This job was very rewarding. ", " I had the honor of working for such a progressive company in beautiful Honolulu and it was the best experience of my professional career thus far. The people, the customer, the atmosphere, pretty remarkable. Apple truly takes amazing care of its family and it was pretty cool experience. When I had to relocate and leave them I literally cried because I didn't want to leave such an amazing company. ", " Every changing days.  The only constant is change. Keeps you on your toes all day. This is great but it is changing. Must be adaptive to change. ", "   I learned a lot about trouble-shooting my Apple iOS product    The hardest aspect was working from home, I prefer working around other people    Encounters with coworkers were all virtual ", " In the Heart of the IFSC in Dublin ( now the Spencer Hotel )  This bustling epicentre of hospitality amid a busy financial services district.  Lots of friendly staff and interesting clients ", " A typical day at work is very quiet as Apple's policy is to have much more people in than the activity to ensure that no customer contact will be lost. I learnt a great deal on Logistics; Order Management; Complaints Management; Fulfilment operations and human nature. Co-workers are professional and fun to work with. Hardest part of the job is that due to the amount of people in, there is only pure work for 1 to 2 hours a day out of 8 hours. It therefore makes the day very long as there is nothing to work during the empty times. In addition, the schedules are not fix and change every week sometimes every day which makes it quite hard for work/life balance and management does not assist in helping employees find arrangements to suit everyone when possible. Most enjoyable part is the colleagues and exchanges with the company. Also, the company is very decent when employees are leaving even if resigning one will get two months salary on average. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I loved working at Apple, but at the end of the day you will be often reminded that you work Apple's retail arm, and sometimes that can make you feel unappreciated and unimportant. You will feel like a battering ram trying to protect your favorite company from time to time, but you will learn so much about technology, people, and communication from working there. Public speaking, troubleshooting, problem solving, and leadership are some of the other skills I picked up or strengthened while working here, and the benefits and discounts are great. Apple also has a knack for hiring some of the coolest, most interesting, and passionate people you'll ever meet, so more likely than not, you'll be developing a second family if you decide to work there, which was one of my favorite parts of the job. ", " In short Apple is a wonderful company. You will get out what you put in without a doubt. There is a long list of pro's that I encounter every day and all of them alone are enough reason to respect this company. The only con is work life balance. This is a career, not a job. ", " Culture is great, compensation is sub par however. Advancement is really how far you are willing to go. Overall not a bad place if you want to make a career in retail. ", " Challenging and not for everyone. Management is good but you are bounced from manager to manager/team to team quite often as opportunities for other positions pop up quite frequently both on the managerial as well as the advisor side. ", " Fast paced work environment that requires a lot of multitasking. Customers can often be difficult but the staff is very friendly and willing to help at all times. Great for developing technical and communication skills. If you want to move to a new position in the company, management does a great job of accommodation the interests of it's employees. ", " Working at Apple is one of the most fulfilling chapters of my life. We get to spend time with amazing technology and get a chance to enrich people's lives everyday. ", " Successfully grew Apple presence from zero to 68% of total market share within the U.S. Cellular partnership (iPhones, iPads and other products represented at customer accounts). ", " i don't like the GBI environment it is of waste. too many vendor collaboration will slowdown the work. for a single task it has to go through tooooo many peoples hand. its a big headache ", " Apple is possibly the best company you could work for. The only downside is having to relocate to continue outside of retail. ", " At first it was hard to get settled and after that i enjoyed a lot at work.  learned a lot from the company. It was good experience overall. There was friendly environment between co workers. ", " My time at Apple has taught me a lot in terms of how to align with people and learn the true value of leadership.  I started with Apple as a part-time specialist, and worked my way to Sales Expert.  It was a great experience in a sense that I didn't just work on my own success, but I started to spread that success to others.  I became a mentor to many and I inspired many to transform relationships and create owners that were promoters. ", " I loved working at Apple as an contract employee! The culture is wonderful and the in-office perks are cool.I would love to stay here longer, but they are no chances to get hired. ", " It was an excellent opportunity and growing experience! The training was grueling and you really had to think outside of the box, but if you did not pass the tests you did not have a job. I had a work from home position and everything, including my training was done in the comfort of my own home office. They provided me with the equipment, I was responsible for the internet and phone.   I made some great shift mates, especially a closing shift. When it was busy, it was busy and you had to keep track of when your break was coming up and make sure you stuck to your schedule, that could be difficult if you were dealing with an issue. Had an awesome manager, always upbeat and looking to recognize improvements in all team members.  Most of the customers were pretty cool and patient, but you could easily get a few customers who were unrealistic and had crazy expectations. Had to deal with customers who were unhappy because of other advisors not being completely clear or concise and their expectations were set too high, but usually you could talk them down and give them an awesome experience.   They did have expectations for you with how long you helped a customer for, your customer satisfaction rating, how many times you contact the next level advisors. If you did not have your metrics up to snuff, you received coachings and couldn't be looked at for any movement in the company or advancement. ", " Appointments daily resolving technical issues.  Management is great! Tough and great job at the same time. I learned how to interact with the public and great interactions. ", " Apple provides employees with great benefits but the work culture is not always comfortable to be around. Management do a great job can be a little tough to approach sometimes and it can be difficult to advance your job role here. ", " This company will take care of your. There's always opportunity to grow. The culture is just beautiful. We truly do care for one another and the atmosphere is great. ", " A great place to work, the best job I ever worked. The company its amazing, I like the environment there, the people are always striving for greatness. ", " Fast paced and energetic atmosphere. Very diverse range of tasks to complete. My favorite part of the job is being able to discuss and interact with technology everyday with like minded people. Very strong leadership team and excellent co-workers. ", " Working for Apple Inc. was a great experience. The people are all very amiable, as well as talented, and the management stays current with our work/life balance. It was always very busy in the retail store, which made the day fly by, and kept everyone on their toes so people were almost never slacking off. The hardest part of the job was working day in and day out with people who were having problems with their devices. Even that wasn't that hard since they came to our store to get our help, which leads to the most enjoyable part of the job. We were able to help people, and it was always very fulfilling when we could fix their problem, or sell them something they were amazed with. ", " If you want to work in an environment that challenges you and builds you, Apple is a great place to work. Its a great place to build yourself and gain knowledge in not only technology, but also customer service and how to adjust in a face paced evolving environment. It is a competitive work place in terms of advancement, but if you perform well, stay professional, and build others around you as well as yourself, then it isn't as bad. The down side is dealing with difficult customers at times, however the plus side is being able to enrich the lives and create relationships with the good ones. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I understand users and determine key aspects of user experience and interaction in all platform context Drive all aspects of interaction design for a complex product Design flows and visual experiences that are as user \u00adfriendly as they are beautiful Creates and maintain a library of interaction patterns and design elements along with icons and logo or other stuff... ", " There is a lot of focus on creating new technology and processes. Great work culture and enjoyable colleagues. Work can get stressful during certain periods of the year but the perks are great. ", " assembly line, taking apart and putting back together iphones. hours were ok but not enough pay per hour for me. mangers where willing to work with you good job if you really need the money and like working with/ fixing phones. ", " Relatively stress free easy going work environment but not a lot of room or direction for growth. The benefits are great. But it can get pretty boring when there isn't any buz around a new product. ", " I Spent 5 years at Apple and enjoyed every minute of it.   Exemplary company ethos where everyone gets along with one another.  Always busy yet every day is a rewarding one.   Very generous benefits and life insurance package with extras.   Encouraging opportunities to grow in ones career and explore new opportunities within the company. ", " Help customers experienced and inexperienced.  Assist customers transitioning from a PC to a Mac.   Navigating the customer through the technology so they can take control of the product. Help assist with troubleshooting and technical support.     Ensure that a customer leaves satisfied with not only the device but the Apple experience.  Management is super understanding I'm flexible with an open door policy.   Coworkers were fun to work with everybody always learning from each other Great feedback and personal development amongst a great team. ", " No day was ever typical, my time was focused on supporting our team in all their activities. This involved authoring and delivering training, managing the day to day activities of our 100+ person team. Often rapidly switching between customer facing activities to resolving deep technical issues.   Learned how to manage a team in a very fast paced and dynamic environment. Along side this I developed my skills in Competency based talent identification as well as employee development.   The team I worked with was one of the most committed and intelligent you will find. It was extremely rewarding to pull a very diverse team together to focus on shared goals. Bringing out the passion that everyone had was one of the most rewarding experiences as the senior team leader.   The main challenge was the work/life balance, with very short term rota made it hard to plan a social life around work. Coupled with hours that were often based around what needed to be done than the specific hours scheduled was extremely stressful. ", " I learned how to effectively manage people and production in an environment where policy, prodecures, and SOPs are constantly changing. ", " High pace environment, Great place to connect with customer and understand client excellence. Learned how to custom configure an interaction with a customer depending on the situation or options. ", " Working at Apple is one of the most fulfilling chapters of my life. We get to spend time with amazing technology and get a chance to enrich people's lives everyday. ", " Very rewarding work in helping students improve achievement levels and student engagement.  I worked with K-12 schools, colleges, and universities throughout Manitoba and Saskatchewan supplying solutions to help with various needs for improving teaching and learning.  We worked with government departments to help implement provincial standards. ", " This job came from an opportunity given to me by APEX, a recruiting company. This year long assignment came with no benefits, and horrible hours, and a recruiter who basically just bailed on me after 2 weeks of working here... No follow ups or anything. It is what it is. ", " Any jobs within this company is a privilege. They challenge and build amazing skills in their employees. Working for a company like this you must have a passion for the products and the customer experience. You will make long lasting relationships and enjoy the time you spend with this company! ", " Overall great benefits and wonderful people! They really take care of their employees and make sure that you are very compensated for. There is a lot of opportunity to change positions and move up the ladder if so inclined. ", " Rewarding job with excellent benefits in a feel good environment. Training is world class and with top notch leadership and managers! ", " Worked in the factory floor of Apple.  Hours were long but pay was very competitive and benefits were fantastic.  Good wok atmosphere with colleagues and management were very fair and reasonable ", " We start our job at 8.30pm and finish it off at 5am. Basically the job is easy as i only screw 2 screws in assembling of a phone and that is it. there are other stations that do other parts in order to get a phone properly assembled. Basically the job is easy but the rules and regulations of Volt Services our recruiting company is very strict. Eg there is point system for every mistake you do and for not following the rules and regulations properly. so in 6 points you are fired. ", " I was only there for a couple months for a single project they needed done. Staff and co-workers were nice and helpful. Management didn't see to much as i was working a night shift. ", " Apple was a great company to work for but the management was not very forthcoming about long term positions and advancement. Hired a lot of workers with the assumption of full time jobs just to have a massive down size after the holiday season/ IPhone 6S release. ", " GREAT JOB! You get great experience. Helpful managers and learn something new every day. Lots of support and great people to work with. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple is a wonderful company to work for. I have been here for almost ten years and in that time, I've learned so much and grown. There is a lot of opportunity to excel and move up from within. ", " Loved Apple but working from home was just not for me. Lots of amazing benefits and the management is fantastic.  If you applying for an AHA at home job just be sure you don't mind not leaving your house that much.  But if your someone that can handle or balance this this job and Company is amazing. ", " The pay is great and great benefits from medical insurance to cool tee shirts. They really care about your growth. As long as you're applying yourself you will progress. ", " Some of their policies when you can not work because their systems are down for maintenance but we get dinged for it adds up after awhile. Management doesn't budge on these and play favorites with employees. ", " The title says it all. I worked in Best Buy as a sales rep for apple. I worked for apple and not best buy. I loved it. The Job was pretty much just talking to people all day about what works for them and how we could make that happen. Unfortunately, when my seasonal contract was up they didn't offer me a job (one wasn't available). ", " A typical day at work involves diagnosing in coming Macbooks, repairing them and sending them off to the test line/department; once it finishes test, it ships off to the customer. I repair at least 20 to 40 units per day. Best part about the work is the feeling you get once all the pieces to the puzzle fit together. ", " A typical work day consist of problem solving, multi tasking, building and maintaining relationships with customers. The most enjoyable part of the job is Making connections with different people and  enriching their  lives and helping create win win solutions. ", " Was very good working there, many friendly work mates. Learnt a lot about customer service and learnt an incredible amount of the technological aspect of Apple. Management was hard due to going to school and having my A Level exams during the same period. However the store was supportive and helped me allocate time to get my hours done with enough time for school work. THe hardest part of the job was to deal with angry customers, specially since we recieve a lot of them due to the technological aspect of the store. The most enjoyable part of the job was working with the products, demonstrating them to the customers and discussing the uses of the respective product. ", " Apple Corporate is a fair and fine place to work. Apple Retail should be thought of as a separate company that has all the downsides of other Retail Giants.. ", " fast paced but fun, tons of interaction between different ppl. feedback and trust is a big thing there. managers and the rest of the employees all have a good relationship and like to help each other out ", " Fast paced, dynamic envionrment with steep learning curve. Brilliant co-workers and great ground breaking technology. Cant wait for the new developments in hand held electronics. ", " Was a great place to work for, being retail. Became exhausting and felt under appreciated a lot of the time. Deal with more than we should ", " Fun environment to work in, managers would have meetings with you on a monthly basis to check your progress, always new things going on and extensive training made sure that you always felt comfortable even in a job which required a lot of knowledge. ", " This is blessing and a curse, as it gives the person with little previous experience the chance to gain top notch management experience. With so many unqualified managers running around though, it turns into a culture that fosters favoritism, and promotes based on networking, rather than actual job experience and talent.  I loved this job at first, but my vision was clouded by the glam of working for the company. Once the koolaid wears off, you find yourself surrounded by a bunch of zealots who would throw you under a bus in a moment's notice to get that next promotion. Be careful who you trust at this company, be very careful.  Also, I had 10 different managers in 9 months. I only switched teams twice. They are constantly moving managers around, building cold and lifeless manager/employee relationships that are vaguely based on personality, and largely based on metrics.  By all means, get your job experience, but get out before it sucks the soul out of you.   The mangers ruin this job. ", " Apple is a company that is very inclusive of everyone. They offer all kinds of benefits outside of medical and dental. You work with a very diverse group of people. You are pushed and grow every day you work there. ", " Extremely fast paced and changing environment. Only the best survive. Be ready to adapt and change as quickly as possible. ", " In short Vendors are discriminated.  I will not work with Apple or recommend anyone.  The Employees sit in different location although we belong to the same team.  In the Vendors atmosphere there is a cut throat competition which manifests in unethical and unprofessional behavior of teams grouping according to the language spoken and not co-operate or being friendly with the people from different language (although belong to the same team). It is a terrible environment... ", " One of the best places to work in the world, it rarely feels like work when you are here. The company takes such well care of the employees which is such a huge necessity that a lot of companies do not provide. ", " If you get this job, any position in Apple, hold on to it!!!  Very good compensation with equal amount of work done.  Keep your attendance up and work hard then they will show your value in pay and a variety of gifts. ", " Nothing to complain. Loved the job. The training was easy and they had mentors that helped us along the way. There was always help when we needed it and it was easy to communicate with superiors. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " it is a great place to work in. no work pressure and support team leaders and smiling management at all times. great pay  good benefits and mainly  the co workers become outside of work friends so its friends we work with at apple. a normal day is just taking calls and checking emails for fun activities and company treats and compititions as well.  it does get a little draining constatnly talking for 8 - 10 hours a day lol fun though. ", " Apple has a rigorous hiring process which is fantastic for finding the best of the best employees. Lots of opportunity for movement, both laterally and promotions. ", " Great Place to Work with great benefits. The people at Apple are some of the most talented and sharp employees in the world. Management works to improve and the culture is one of feedback and engagement. ", " Its very challenging place to work, I am an Oracle DBA with 4 years of software project Management. Involved in various projects for Integration, Migration/Conversion, Configuration and Production Support. Worked extensively on Business Analysis (Enterprise Analysis, Requirements Elicitation, Requirements Analysis &amp; Documentation, Communications, Solution Assessment and Validation). Delivered high quality functional and non-functional requirements using Business requirements documents, process flows, user stories, Acceptance Criteria, data flow diagrams. ", " Apple is a great place to work. Lots of new things to learn and lots of possibilities to move forward. Each day is a challenge never knowing who is on the other line needing assistance. It makes me feel great when I can solve a customer's issue and hear the smile on their face over the phone. ", " There is a lot of focus on creating new technology and processes. Great work culture and enjoyable colleagues. Work can get stressful during certain periods of the year but the perks are great. ", " This job came from an opportunity given to me by APEX, a recruiting company. This year long assignment came with no benefits, and horrible hours, and a recruiter who basically just bailed on me after 2 weeks of working here... No follow ups or anything. It is what it is. ", " Apple truly lives out its belief that it's people are the most important thing to the company.  They take care of you and really take the time to understand career ambitions. ", " Was micromanaged every day by management.  Awesome coworkers and great people.  Very helpful in terms of IT, and a great team to work with when management actually trusts the employees. ", " Great place to work, good team. But slow progression and sometimes difficult to get initiatives off the ground to gain new experiences. ", " Overall great benefits and wonderful people! They really take care of their employees and make sure that you are very compensated for. There is a lot of opportunity to change positions and move up the ladder if so inclined. ", " From your first to your last day with Apple, expect to be pushed to your limits in your knowledge and ability in several ways. Your team and your fellow coworkers are great at supporting you and keeping the environment cheerful and positive. Plenty of opportunities to grow as an AppleCare representative and in administrative positions. That in mind, you will need to be more than proactive in reaching out to additional hiring managers if you want to be anything but AppleCare. ", " Challenging place with nice people. Feedback from management was quick and helpful. The most difficult aspect was getting consistent information, but it was a very good experience. ", " The work environment is one of the best I have ever worked in.  They care about their employees and always try to help when they are able too. ", " Typical day at work involves 12 to 14 hours. You also bring work home and work over weekends. Easily 70-80 hour work weeks through the year.  I have learned my high threshold for ZERO life, and 100% work based life.   Management is definitely based on favoritism. Don't go against the management if you want a long-term career in apple even if it means you keep your mouth shut.  Hardest part of the job is changing your DNA and putting work ahead of personal life, family, health - pretty much everything you worked so hard to achieve.  Most enjoyable part of the job is the interview process because during that time is when you are elated about the prospects of working for apple. ", " Apple has afforded me many opportunities.  I enjoy my coworkers.  The campus is fabulous!  There are many activities offered by Apple. ", " The typical work day is continuous Macintosh software and hardware troubleshooting. The hardest part of the job is keeping up with all the current troubleshoot steps and processes. ", " The team which I had the privilege to work for was absolutely amazing. Work was time consuming but being able to help people in every day tasks was worth it. ", " Apple products are amazing and will continue to be reliable and cutting edge for the foreseeable future. Middle Management is more concerned with posturing and protecting themselves rather than promoting an environment where people are developed and promoted. ", " I use to work 12 hours shifts 3 days sometimes we had normal 5 days work as well and I was working like a assembly line worker where I had to work hard,fast and do a High quality job.What was the most enjoyable it was that you was swapping stations on the line so you could do lots of different jobs and also there was lots of fun with nice people. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Typical day at work involves 12 to 14 hours. You also bring work home and work over weekends. Easily 70-80 hour work weeks through the year.  I have learned my high threshold for ZERO life, and 100% work based life.   Management is definitely based on favoritism. Don't go against the management if you want a long-term career in apple even if it means you keep your mouth shut.  Hardest part of the job is changing your DNA and putting work ahead of personal life, family, health - pretty much everything you worked so hard to achieve.  Most enjoyable part of the job is the interview process because during that time is when you are elated about the prospects of working for apple. ", " - admin work, planning and organizing  - on the sales floor managing the team, coaching, managing the customer experience, driving sales, managing process, and innovating for 3 hours.  - 15 min break - back on the sales floor managing the team, coaching, managing customers experience, driving sales and managing process, innovating for another hour - 1 hour lunch - back on the sales floor managing the team, customer experience, driving sales and managing process, innovating. - Admin hour to wrap up documenting coaching conversations and planning. Once a quarter managers are entirely off the floor to meet with the employees Managers are responsibly for training, coaching and devising strategic development plan. ", " Amazing people, great benefits, hours are very flexible great for full time or part time employment. Awesome opportunities to travel to califronia with the company and test out different sections of retail stores. ", " There is no other place like this to work. It is amazing, super organized, excellent environment, open to intelligent input and fabulous co-workers.  Like any big corporation, there is always disinformation and competition between different departments and since it is so big, sometimes the left hand doesn't even know what the right hand is doing or there is some duplicity. But, nothing like this company to work for. I never been in a place where all the people I encounter were so talented and cool. Loved it. ", " Apple is great place to develop on a personal and professional level. Apple provides resources that support the customer and employee experience. ", " Apple really strives to develop people. I have seen countless new hires go from borderline entirely introverted in a social setting to blossoming into a whole new version of themselves after 6 months of working in Apple Retail.   A typical day at work involves checking various forms of communication about any information that might be coming down the pipeline, connecting with your peers and friends, and performing whatever task you are assigned to for the day. That might be selling, managing appointments, or helping teach new customers about their product.   As you become more experienced in the store, or partner with a Leader to express interest, you may be developed to assist with technical support on iOS devices. At that point, your day would consist of managing appointments for the technical side of things (Genius Bar), or taking appointments for Mobile devices.   These experiences can lead to becoming a Genius (Mac Hardware/Software certifications), a Leader (management experience opportunities, leading different areas of the store), performing visual management (set up new products on display, organize the store, etc), or managing inventory and bring products to our peers for sales. We even have business opportunities to teach employees how to assist small/medium business with their tech needs and opportunities that Apple might assist with.   My favorite part of this job on the customer facing side is that there is no cost to anyone for any services we offer in the store (at least upfront). Make an appointment for your broken device, or learn about your new device ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> and all you have to do is find parking and get in the store.   My favorite part of my experience at Apple has been the opportunities to connect with many years of employees at the same store, going so far as to teach new hires and current employees in various positions.   The hardest part of working at Apple would be work/life balance. It is respected by Managers, yet they ask Full Time to provide entirely open availability which includes weekends. Not having time to have a consistent schedule is really an inconvenience to anyone pretending to make a career out of a retail experience, but ultimately the experience provided by Apple may lead to a career elsewhere or at Apple corporate. ", " Had a real good time there was one of the best places I worked at.  Warehouse job, but the rotation on learning new departments was great. ", " Apple has a positive and welcoming environment, it's like working at a place with your extended family.  There is a good work life balance and managers are flexible ", " They do not say you enough for the job at hand and out source most of the jobs with can be a big drag and its a boring invirment ", " Great job overall! Just make sure you have discipline because no one is there to watch you. The training for this position is great. You have every resource you need to do your job. ", " To work for such a world wide known company with such a great name and fantastic product they manufacture right here in our city, and also to learn and work with a great team was a very good experience for me. One I will never forget. ", " Working at the Apple Store on paper seems like a good job (decent pay, benefits, and nice people) however below the surface it's not what it seems. This is largely determinate on local management. They are always giving you \"experiences\" to help you develop when it's really training for a job you don't have. I'm mainly referencing the GYOG program (grow your own genius) which is designed to teach you how to preform the duties of a genius. The way this is used in my store is to have higher quality technicians trained as geniuses to pay them less. Communication is abysmal, policies change which we are not told about, and then we have multiple meeting about it. It's just like Office Space, I have seven different bosses. Plus I have three secret bosses (people on experiences). I have to work in a box, I'm very limited in what I can do. It's very transactional now, instead of being able to give options to resolve issues. I'm being pushed to sell more phones. I'm trying to find a new job, because I can't stand it here anymore. Plus my store is falling apart, I can hardly do my job due to the lack of equipment and facilities, it takes longer for me to find things then it does to do the job. ", " A typical day included maintaining the order and presentation of the sales floor, unloading and branding new shipment and assisting customers as needed .   I learned a lot about floor setting and visual merchandising   My co -workers were very diverse   The hardest part of the job is not really having a work life balance   The most enjoyable part about the job is the travel. ", " The site is awesome! The company is fantastic. If you're putting in the time and hard work, the company will take care of you. Very introverted environment. Everybody kind of does there own thing. Some of the issues I ran into with management is acquiring details to a particular task I was asked to perform. I wasn't informed on some of the key details that I should have been told about before the project I was told to execute, and therefore they blamed me for the project not being what they wanted. Other than that, the job was great. I had a wonderful time! ", " It was a pleasure to work for Apple.  I learned much about their products.  Management was encouraging and supportive.  I enjoyed my co-workers and found them knowledgeable.  The hardest part of my job was keeping up with their products. ", " Apple is an excellent company, culture and people. People stay lone within Apple. Been here since August, like the growth ", " I love Beats by Dr. Dre. What is not to love? The attire was casual, the people in the office made work fun. Everyone I connected with was always willing to help me out. I was able to create databases that the entirety of the company could utilize and benefit from. This job was very rewarding. ", " Apple is possibly the best company you could work for. The only downside is having to relocate to continue outside of retail. ", " Apple helps support at-home development beautifully.  It is perfect for those who would rather telecommute, or are otherwise benefited from an at-home position.  Great benefits and great support. ", " Hardwork mixed with great people results in a productive work day. Great work life balance and management really cares. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Working at Apple was really great. I loved the environment, the people were awesome and the job was fun. There were many opportunities to advance in the company. The discounts were really great. ", " Apple is the most amazing company to work for.  It's unheard of for a company to care about your development the way that Apple Inc does. ", " You want to learn great skills that will prepare you for great customer service and management, then Apple is a good place to start. ", " Apple was a great place to work in college was able to work from home at the schedule that I choose.I learned alot about apple product just was little room to grow in the fitness field. ", " Great company to work for especially as an at home advisor. Definite feeling of accomplishment just to be hired. Each day brings its own adventures but generally customers are willing to work with you to get the issue they called into fixed. ", " This company actually cares about its employees and gives ample resources to help you. This job had more training then any position i had ever worked for. But the compensation and PTO right off the bat was perfect for the position. The job required alot but the compensation of paid sick and PTO plus a high wage made this a good position. ", " The diverse atmosphere and flexible work schedule work well with Austin's population and traffic issues.  The enthusiasm of the employees is one Apple's best selling qualities. ", " Daily routine work, not much development as everything is built, no new learnings, coworkers are not much helpful. Nothing much enjoyable. ", " Apple cultivate a culture of inclusiveness for not only their workers, but their customers as well. We focus on keeping the customer at the center because they are the lifeblood of any company. Providing an exemplary customer experience is something we greatly pride ourselves in being able to deliver every day with every transaction. From selling the latest technology, to trouble-shooting problematic devices, or even just talking on a human level with people; these are all things that happen in a typical day at Apple. The management is extremely encouraging and truly wants to help you develop into the person that you want to become. Whatever aspirations you may have, there is always training, coaching, and self development that the leadership help you obtain. I've learned to become self reliant when it comes to my development, but also, that it's not a bad thing to ask for help when it is needed. Our leadership helps cultivate Apple's vision into a reality by strengthening the bond we have with our peers but also strengthening ourselves to be better. I would say the most challenging part of the job is giving feedback to others when it comes to correcting a behavior that isn't wanted and doing it in such a way that it lets them save face while also correcting the behavior. I think the most rewarding part of the job is when you get to have a transformation experience with your customer that you're helping and getting to see the elation that overcomes them because they are so happy with their experience. ", " Apple is the best company i have ever worked for. They really care about their customers and employers. The environment is always positive, which in turn makes me look forward to working. ", " Apple's vision of leaving the world better than we found it is evident in its stores and in the people hired to work there. A committed group of people working together to inspire and innovate and to transform and impact lives. ", " Very poor management, benefits were fantastic and an experience full job. Co workers very friendly and very convenient working from home. ", " Great company, with great benefits, paid training work from home availability.  work day is very busy have the to choose from 4x10 or x8 schedules for  months   you learn a lot on a daily basis  Ideal for ppl with older children not smaller kids  there is no hard part to the job you get training ", " Worked in the factory floor of Apple.  Hours were long but pay was very competitive and benefits were fantastic.  Good wok atmosphere with colleagues and management were very fair and reasonable ", " During my time working for Apple it was a very fast pasted job. I had learned a lot from the leaders and other co workers. The company really cares about the employees and made sure what we needed during our time working there was taken care of. ", " I loved every minute of working for Apple.  I had an amazing work life balance and they respected my career and that I wanted to achieve things outside of the building I was in.  I got lots of support that went over and beyond anything I could have asked for.  If you're thinking about applying, DO! ", " Working with Apple helped me to discover that it is a Great workplace to build a professional career which is built through the day-to-day relationships that employees experience. ", " A typical day is working on images that are used in World Wide Sales and Training material. I coordinate photo shoots, models, locations, etc., to suite the desired message, and then photograph and retouch all images for use. It is a fast paced environment, and collaboration with co-workers is very important. The hardest part of the job is trying to get enough information in order to do decide what the best solution is. The most enjoyable part of the job is finding the right solution. ", " Working for Kellyconnect and AppleCare was a great experience with great benefits. Never had any major issues them. They were very flexible with schedules and time off. ", " High Volume Transactions and participation in various project. Day to day interaction with business and project managers on requirements and deliverables. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " it was a good steady job, with good pay. and a different experience each and every day you would show up. no room for advancement ", " Apple is a phenomenal company to work for. They take great care of their employees and offer great compensation. They provide all necessary training to do the job successfully. Their health benefits are fantastic and they also offer commuter benefits. For the most part, the management is made up of a great team wanting to make sure people who want to succeed and move up have the chance. There are different areas where people can work in, both tech support and sales, but at the end it is all about the customer experience. ", " Extremely fast paced and changing environment. Only the best survive. Be ready to adapt and change as quickly as possible. ", " Apple's vision of leaving the world better than we found it is evident in its stores and in the people hired to work there. A committed group of people working together to inspire and innovate and to transform and impact lives. ", " There's nothing bad that I can say about working here. Management is amazing. Co-workers are amazing. The benefits are awesome. You basically get paid just to talk to people and make conversation with sales intertwined into it. ", " You will meet some of the greatest people here at Apple. Apple's ideology flows through everything. From the people to it's products. Really a wonderful place to work at. ", " It's never a dull moment at Apple. I've enhanced my customer experience since I've been at Apple. They focus on customer value as well as employee job satisfaction. I work with over 100 people, and everyone is so friendly! We don't have team building exercises, yet everyone gets along. The hardest part of my job is trying to change positions. There isn't much movement within the company. The most enjoyable part is being able to go to work everyday and learn something new. ", " working shift hours was the hardest part but the opportunity to advance within the company was very rewarding. 12 hour shifts four days a week. ", " Nothing to complain. Loved the job. The training was easy and they had mentors that helped us along the way. There was always help when we needed it and it was easy to communicate with superiors. ", " Apple is a great company with awesome benefits.  Learned how to take my customer service to the next level.  Gained advanced technical support expertise.  Improved my attention to detail High paced environment Always changing and learning. ", " Working as a home advisor at Apple care a typical day at work includes, handling inbound calls for tech support issues customers whom have issues with there Apple devices ranging from ''how to's'' to ''account issues''. We are required to train by use of skills modules, weeky to keep up with changes in sofware and product knowledge. The hardest part of the job is being home and not being face to face with customers and co-workers. The most enjoyable part of the job is when faced with a difficult issue,using product knowledge and troubleshooting steps to gain a resolution In a way that ''Wows'' the customer makes my day. ", " Apple was an amazing company to work for. I would recommend to anyone! Once you're in, don't get out! I would love to work for them again. ", " Apple has a great company culture and provides lots of opportunities to learn but the retail environment can be incredibly stressful and the schedule really strains your work/life balance. As the company has grown so have the politics and bureaucracy, which makes it hard to get promoted and establish a clear path for growth above the lower level roles. ", " My time at Apple was great.  The company fosters learning, teamwork, and has excellent internal communications, rare in today's company's.  You are consistently challenged, deadlines are met, and self-inspired learning are the tough parts.  The good parts are the company values talent, is innovative, offers a fair salary and benefits, and has areas to grow your career. ", " Great job overall! Just make sure you have discipline because no one is there to watch you. The training for this position is great. You have every resource you need to do your job. ", " Working for Apple is clearly a way to go, awesome benefits and career development, and progression, could be really challenging. ", " Easy work place culture, diverse. Camaraderie and team building are important and consistently emphasized. Stay ahead of technology by working for the leading company in the field ", " Volunteering at Northeast Methodist Hospital through a high school program called Clinical Rotation, it taught me a lot and brought to my attention this is what I wanted to do as a career. I was able to take people\u2019s blood, help with PT sessions, monitor heart rates, and discover the different facilities the hospital had to offer, as well as communicating with patients and helping them with their most urgent needs. ", " The best place to continue IT work. Excellent pay and benefits. Highly recommended for entry level IT specialist . Cool job perks including product discounts. ", " The typical work day is continuous Macintosh software and hardware troubleshooting. The hardest part of the job is keeping up with all the current troubleshoot steps and processes. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I learned a lot about myself, other people as well as more knowledge on Apple products. I learned how to communicate with people and to listen well in order to understand what people need and are asking for. I learned so many things about different people because Apple is extremely diverse. So many people come from different professional backgrounds with different ideas. ", " The experience so far is good. I have been working on a agile project which give me the opportunity to interact with  business and know their outputs.   But would like to explore more and learn many new things coming up in iOS and OSX. ", " Very friendly environment and great people to be around. Learned allot to apply to my life and enjoyed the people I was around. Co-workers was the best and people are always willing to learn and take direction. Hard part about the job was nothing, everything you truly learn by just asking a peer to help out. ", " I was blessed with the best manager apple could offer and because of this it made my time for the company very enjoyable. I logged in on a personal network from home and I would take phone calls from customers with technical issues with there iPhones, iPods or iPads. The work was not hard but did get very boring. as you worked alone it was very difficult to obtain any help when urgently needed. ", " Great place to work when looking for experience in the Electronics Field. A great opportunity to work for Apple and take some knowledge with you to your new career. ", " A typical day at work involves mentoring my assigned team of 10-15 Senior Advisors, creating or delivering workshops to other Apple employees, and evaluating the quality of random technical support calls before offering expert advice to both advisors and managers alike. ", " Easy work place culture, diverse. Camaraderie and team building are important and consistently emphasized. Stay ahead of technology by working for the leading company in the field ", " Any jobs within this company is a privilege. They challenge and build amazing skills in their employees. Working for a company like this you must have a passion for the products and the customer experience. You will make long lasting relationships and enjoy the time you spend with this company! ", " I have worked for Apple for nearly 5 years now.  I was initially a sales assistant but after two years I moved up to Genius Bar Technician.  Apple is a great company to work for, I work with some of the most talented people I have ever met all gathered in one place.  There is fantastic management and support as well as lots of opportunities for personal development and progression. ", " Apple Retail functions much like other national retail brands, with a few differences, here and there in the overall daily operations.  I learned quite a bit about myself with regards to how I manage my team, how much I enjoy working with my team and customers on a daily basis with their goals and needs, and what I want for myself in the future.  Management is very supportive at all levels, promoting growth and development on a daily basis in a challenging and invigorating atmosphere.  My co-workers were some of the most diverse, gifted and intelligent people I have ever had the opportunity to work with, and I am glad to count them as friends.  The hardest part of the job was not having the operational expertise to be able to do everything myself, as in my previous roles with other companies, the managers, especially Store Managers, were expected to be the experts on everything in the store, and more often then not, were required to juggle many different roles at once.  Not so with Apple.  My most enjoyable part of my role was working with the customers and my team, helping them solve whatever issues they were dealing with at the time in addition to achieving their goals. ", " Apple was a great company to work for. The only problem was the work life balance and the compensation wasn't great for the company being the largest and most profitable in the world. ", " Apple is a great company with awesome benefits.  Learned how to take my customer service to the next level.  Gained advanced technical support expertise.  Improved my attention to detail High paced environment Always changing and learning. ", " I love working for Apple the culture is great, the people are great and everyone is willing to help others around them. would highly recommend. ", " Apple is a great company to work for, even as a contract employee.  The facilities, equipment, food, teams, activities, co-workers were all wonderful.  I learned a lot while working here. ", " Sale products  \tAssist customers with technical support  \tMeet sales quota for every quarter  \tLeadership position at Red Zone point ", " A typical day at work for me is answering anywhere between 20 to 30 plus phone calls in a 10 hour shift. The majority of my phone calls right now consist of setting up and troubleshooting wireless networks created by Apple AirPort routers as well as troubleshooting Apple TVs which are media streaming devices.   I have learned much at Apple such as, how to deal with angry and difficult customers in a polite and professional matter, how to empathize with customers, and also how to extensively troubleshoot most Apple products. I feel most comfortable troubleshooting Apple computers and wireless networks.   As far as management goes, I can honestly say I have never had any issues really with management. All of my managers have been very easy to get along with and work with as well. The same is true with my coworkers.   The hardest part of my job would definitely have to be dealing with the angrier customers and keeping them on track so that we can find the solution for their problem.   The most enjoyable part of my job for me is helping people and seeing their issues resolved so that they can get on with their day to day lives. ", " Company with great products and a sincere commitment to deliver them to the consumer.    Most enjoyable part of the job is being a part of a very diverse team. ", " The pay is atrocious, management at retail stores is beyond incompetent.  They are always trying to cut corns of being cheap by not having enough people working, giving people minimal hours, using money to have meets at cheap venues and using the food money during holidays to get discounted garbage from a restaurant in the mall.    Also no room for growth and HR doesn't assist you whatsoever.  Cultish atmosphere. ", " The culture that the stores provide is one of success and friendship. going to work is a lot of fun and it is great knowing that I will never have to tackle the same thing twice. The high standards make it great  easy to aim for a high position. the management is very open and available for all questions and are willing to talk to you about anything that is needed. ", " I had the honor of working for such a progressive company in beautiful Honolulu and it was the best experience of my professional career thus far. The people, the customer, the atmosphere, pretty remarkable. Apple truly takes amazing care of its family and it was pretty cool experience. When I had to relocate and leave them I literally cried because I didn't want to leave such an amazing company. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I use to work 12 hours shifts 3 days sometimes we had normal 5 days work as well and I was working like a assembly line worker where I had to work hard,fast and do a High quality job.What was the most enjoyable it was that you was swapping stations on the line so you could do lots of different jobs and also there was lots of fun with nice people. ", " Fun place to work if your young and just looking to maintain spending money but very little room for advancement and career establishment. ", " The site is awesome! The company is fantastic. If you're putting in the time and hard work, the company will take care of you. Very introverted environment. Everybody kind of does there own thing. Some of the issues I ran into with management is acquiring details to a particular task I was asked to perform. I wasn't informed on some of the key details that I should have been told about before the project I was told to execute, and therefore they blamed me for the project not being what they wanted. Other than that, the job was great. I had a wonderful time! ", " Apple is a great company. I love working here. I have been able to grow so much both personally and professionally while working here. It's an enriching place to work. I have moved through a few stores in my home state and have had the honor of being recognized and promoted 3 times during my post-collegiate career at Apple. I have held my current position of Lead Genius for about a month and am still undergoing training. Apple is awesome! ", " Job was okay, not very competitive pay, job culture was okay and the it was very flexible job for all employees, pretty fun environment and ,management was ok as well as communication. ", " You can develop many skills while working here. You learn to deal with many customer issues and how to give feedback to fellow employees. You learned to be a very patient person. There are always new things you learn everyday. You become a very resourceful and a technical savvy person working here. There are new roles you can develop into. It is a great company to work for with great perks. ", " This is a great job for work at home. They offer substantial pay increases when you do your job correctly. Also you are allowed to choose your scheduled when you are a top performer. Absolutely great benefits as well, as they offer medical, dental, life, 401K. You are compensated well.   Some members of management can be 'cliquey\" and tend to hire or promote their buddies. If you can stay away from those type of managers, you'll do well. ", " Apple is overall a great company to work for.  Great environment, start-up company culture with continued growth and development. ", " As a Store Manager, directly supervise staff of 80+ employees. Managing Sales department, Human Resource Dept, Technical Service Area and Operations. I have had the opportunity to lead in an environment that matches my personal and professional values. At work and at home I value the same things...trust, integrity, respect, pursuit of excellence, and relationships. My goal is to stay connected to the people that have been influential in my personal and professional development over the years.  ", " The environment is so fast-paced and constantly changing. This can be a great thing, but when things slow down, work is almost unbearable. Very little brain work is needed once you learn the ropes. The habitual cycles from day to day get old fast and there is little opportunity to do new things.  Management is supportive but it's hard to advance when you are held at an idealistic standard.  The best part of the job is the relaxed atmosphere. Careful though! No one is ever meant to stay in Apple retail forever... it will burn you out and suck away your inspiration or desire to do anything else and you'll become miserable doing what you do. But if you're looking for part time work, this is the best part time job to have! ", " Working at the Apple Store is not for the faint of heart. Those who choose to work there will without doubt enjoy how upbeat, and fast paced the environment is. On a regular basis you will face both excited customers, as well as deal with all sorts of adversity from distraught customers who aren't happy about having to pay to repair their phone. Working at the Apple store taught me more than I could have ever hoped for. I now know how to make a customer extremely excited about a product they wanted to walk out with, as well as calm down those who come in less than upbeat. ", " The public knows Apple for it's extraordinary products and design. Apple pioneered the fun, and exciting work culture of Silicon Valley. However, as the company has grown so much in 10 years, much of the \"playful\" work environment at corporate headquarters and especially at the retail stores culture has disappeared.  At Apple, I have had the pleasure to work WITH some incredibly brilliant and admirable leaders. Unfortunately, every leader and manager I worked UNDER were some of the worse managers and had no business leading people. Because Apple does not offer any development for their people, particularly with Managers those who come up the ranks are awful. While those Managers that came to Apple as top leaders from other top companies were Amazing!  It is the diverse, intelligent, fun, and hard working individual contributors who truly make working at Apple worth it. ", " great place to work  - subject to the woes of retail hours - management is inconsistent  - great benefit plans - high caliber of employees hired - excellent on the job training ", " I have been working at Apple as a contractor. We all help each other anytime there is a question. The cafe food is amazing.  Pros It's Apple  Cons Hard for contractor to transfer to full time position. ", " 1.Learned new stuff like creating ruby gems and different ways to approach to a solution.  2. Previously used to work in team and currently I'm the only developer in entire project, So this helped me to take new challenges and learn a better way to meet dead lines. ", " Apple has made me a more humble and approachable person it has made me realize there is more to work than just a job, Apple has created a second family for me in my co-workers and management it is an amazing environment to work in and to feel comfortable and not feel like it is work or numbers driven! ", " The typical day for an At Home Advisor is waking up, going downstairs, cutting on the computer and signing in for work. I learned  a great deal of patience as troubleshooting Apple products over the phone is not the easiest of tasks when dealing with customers who just want their product to work.   I had stellar managers who were very helpful and really cared about my development as an AHA. We often would video chat and if I had a problem or a question they were only one call away. They work in teams, and all the team managers cared just as much as my personal ones did.   The hardest part of the job was telling a customer that they did not have coverage on the product they were calling about, and that ultimately, unless they paid a fee, I was not permitted to help them.   However, the most enjoyable part of the job was the community communication as there were often games, e-letters, and development opportunities sent out in which we had opportunities to win prizes and talk to higher management about moving to different positions in the company. ", " I connect with people, and shine.  I create rapport with our internal and external customer effortlessly. I are very approachable and I use humor to put people at ease quickly.  While in a apple training session, I do my best to give the customer I individual attention and personalized service\u2014which helps them focus on their training in a store environment that could be distracting. The most enjoyable part about my job is enriching the customer life, introducing the customer to technology that will open other there mind to a whole new world. ", " The training was tough, but educational. There was a level of stress to this position, but management was extremely supportive. A typical day at work was taking phone calls, providing customer service, and technical support. I learned everything I know about Apple products from my time at Apple. ", " Start the day with a team meeting to brief on new offerings, strategies, lessons learned, best practices and recognition. Handle sales, support, training, escalation resolution.  I learned that an organization that is focused on culture produces highly motivated, productive and continuously developing talent.  Management fundamentals were to assist with the personal development of each individual and lead an empowered team to provide world class customer service  Co-workers sustain a camaraderie greater than any other organization.  Facilitate continuous knowledge sharing techniques and provide feedback to better each other.  The constant, high paced and sometimes very demanding customers test the patience and empathy of our staff.  The most enjoyable part of Apple is being able to enrich the lives of customers through a magnitude of channels available from Apple.  From training, to support, to providing a product that will very well change their life. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Worked on a great team of QA professionals who were very knowledgeable and dedicated to the quality of the software. Attended       cross functional meetings and weekly staff meetings. Worked closely with developers to resolve defects found in the releases. ", " Apple was a great company to work for but the management was not very forthcoming about long term positions and advancement. Hired a lot of workers with the assumption of full time jobs just to have a massive down size after the holiday season/ IPhone 6S release. ", " Working from home for Apple is great, but there is a definite caste system that separates at-home workers from those in Austin and (even more so) Cupertino. That affects your opportunities for advancement. Management is extremely inconsistent, with remote employees moved from one manager's team to another randomly for no apparent reason (or at least none that is explained to the employees). The benefits are wonderful, and the pay is excellent compared to most support jobs. It is still a call center, though, and the schedules reflect that fact.   The best thing about the job is the customers. Apple customers tend to love Apple, and they are for the most part quite nice - much nicer than the average customer I've dealt with at other companies. The fact that Apple empowers employees to take care of customers and make things right really helps the relationship, as well. ", " Working for Apple is hard work but fun, can be a bit difficult when it comes to managers and targets (which you aren't told about till about 6 months in) but other than that its alright. ", " Working for Apple provided a lot of great benefits like phenomenal health insurance and a great on-site environment, however once you become familiar with the company's business structure it has all of the same problems as any other huge multinational company.  While growth has created a lot of opportunities for advancement, due to a lot of outside recruiting in order to keep up with that growth, it has also diluted the company culture that was such a big part of Apple during Steve's reign as CEO. ", " The At Home Advisor position came right on time for me. I needed more flexibility than a normal commute could offer. I was several months from the time I applied with Apple until the time I had my first interview. Once interviewed I moved through the new hire process rather quickly. I showed proficiency in the initial responsibilities I was given. Very shortly I was given more responsibilities.   A typical work day consist of taking calls from other Applecare advisors. Within 5 minutes it must be assessed if the call is an escalation or consult. If the call is a 'consult' I have to direct the Applecare advisor to the information that is needed for the Applecare advisor to complete the call. If the call is an 'escalation' then I must take ownership of the call. Ownership is not limited to taking over the call, but also giving the customer my direct contact information.  The work could be demanding with having to juggle inbound and outbound calls daily. However the advantage of working from home did balance the challenge. ", " Working at Apple is great and gives you a new set of skills when it comes to customer service standards.  I feel as a sales associate I have grown greatly.  Within the retail stores there are only so many positions available to grow towards and unless you wish to become a genius or technician its easy to plateau.  Apple hires incredible people, the stores have an incredible culture and you work with people that you can easily call family, the pay is competitive when looking at compensation in similar jobs, however the pay increase of those that stay with the company longer periods of time seem unfair. someone that has been employed at the retail store 10 years is getting paid at what I started. I personally am not able to live off of my income comfortably and working 9 hour shifts 5 days a week, I shouldn't have to say that.  Apple is also a company that listens to its employees and open to our opinions on how things are working and how things aren't working.   I love some of the people you meet and get to have incredible conversations with but it is a whole different type of clientele that is not what you see in the food or other retail areas. ", " Since it was GITEX shoppers it had to be an active environment with 12 hours a day dedicated to the job at hand , that being sales. ", " Apple is a great place to work at with competitive wages and so many opportunities  to grow. Loved my experience there and would recommend it to anyone. ", " They take care of their employees for sure. Travel, food, hotel, car, all paid for. This is really an awesome company for their customers and it starts the way they treat their own. ", " Great company to work with at Wipro and Apple.  Worked on many SAP Implementations  Learned many complex process and received many project awards . ", " In short Apple is a wonderful company. You will get out what you put in without a doubt. There is a long list of pro's that I encounter every day and all of them alone are enough reason to respect this company. The only con is work life balance. This is a career, not a job. ", " Great work environment, friendly people. The only drawback is the ever changing schedule. Shifts change quite often and its not always the best. ", " Fast paced job totally revolved around sharing your passion for their products to spring interest into a new generation of apple consumers. ", " Working with Apple, gives you the opportunity to work with some of the best people you will meet in your life! The environment is so inclusive of all people and this creates for a very comforting work dynamic. ", " Apple is a fantastic company to work for, and the employee benefits awarded by the company are far better than any other retail employer around. Great management team. ", " I Spent 5 years at Apple and enjoyed every minute of it.   Exemplary company ethos where everyone gets along with one another.  Always busy yet every day is a rewarding one.   Very generous benefits and life insurance package with extras.   Encouraging opportunities to grow in ones career and explore new opportunities within the company. ", " Very rewarding work in helping students improve achievement levels and student engagement.  I worked with K-12 schools, colleges, and universities throughout Manitoba and Saskatchewan supplying solutions to help with various needs for improving teaching and learning.  We worked with government departments to help implement provincial standards. ", " Help customers experienced and inexperienced.  Assist customers transitioning from a PC to a Mac.   Navigating the customer through the technology so they can take control of the product. Help assist with troubleshooting and technical support.     Ensure that a customer leaves satisfied with not only the device but the Apple experience.  Management is super understanding I'm flexible with an open door policy.   Coworkers were fun to work with everybody always learning from each other Great feedback and personal development amongst a great team. ", " Great company to work for This is one of the top company to work for Apple is rich is knowledge and experience This is most amazing experience of my life "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I worked as a Genius in one of the retail stores.  It's noisy and hectic and not for the faint of heart.  I loved what I did for Apple but the environment just wore me out as the years passed.    They have great benefits for working there even if you work part time.  Discounts aplenty abound, healthcare is available even if you aren't full time, the managers there are sticklers about making sure that everyone gets their breaks and lunches and the attendance policy treats you like a human being.    That said, there are a lot of decisions made corporately about how the store is run that, as a child of the \"Think Different\" era, aren't what I would consider to be \"Apple.\"  I felt as though the store was becoming too much like any other sterile corporate environment. ", " Busy environment that really presses an individual to show \"grace under pressure.\"   Learned excellent communication skills, a new perspective of multi tasking, exceptional technical skills, in a friendly, driven environment lead by an understanding and guiding leadership team. ", " Great benefits such as tuition reimbursement, laid back environment. Surrounded by nothing but support &amp; geniuses who are well-suited for their position. ", " We start our job at 8.30pm and finish it off at 5am. Basically the job is easy as i only screw 2 screws in assembling of a phone and that is it. there are other stations that do other parts in order to get a phone properly assembled. Basically the job is easy but the rules and regulations of Volt Services our recruiting company is very strict. Eg there is point system for every mistake you do and for not following the rules and regulations properly. so in 6 points you are fired. ", " Apple is a great company to work for. I had the honor of working as an AppleCare Advisor, a 1 year agreement as a Sac State student. Even though my major was not in technology, the company trained me with their products and services to where I was able to provide my customers the right information as needed. Management did well with keeping up with their team as it is a fast paced company with constant changes in the job description. ", " A typical day is coming in to a lot of negativity and managers who favor those who hang in the office with them while you work hard to make up for their absence. Management has their favorites and they don't help you grow and develop to move up in the company. Forget wanting to move up or obtaining a career here. Benefits are good while finance does not cut hours drastically when products are not being launched. Decent discounts, terrible co workers who are afraid you step on their little toes and a highly discouraging management team that undervalue their employees by thinking they are not qualified for anything. ", " Looking to build on my customer service experience, but apple was very limited as far as advancing within the company.  Accepted all opportunities that were available to me, but did not see any advancement in the near future.  Felt as though I wasn't using my full potential in my last position ", " Apple, like its products, are great to work for. I learned a great deal from not only my managers, but from working with our retail partners. Being able to cultivate an idea that could help my business was only held back by our partners willingness to \"innovate\". But growing within the program is very difficult! Although performance was recognized, it did very little to improve your stock.  The most enjoyable part of the job is seeing a customers face when they open an iPhone for the first time. Or are purchasing an iPad as a present and they are just as excited! Or the moments you know a killer new feature is going to improve someones experience. ", " Training continuity, great manager presence, one of the best place I worked in. We had always someone to help or assist us, remotely or with visit in Rome from Ireland and US. I have always had a lot of agents to take care of, even 35 people in only one team. Hard work but great benefits came, I always have great memories of that place. ", " The company has awesome vision and really values their people. They invest in the growth of their employees and the experience of their customers! ", " Very flexible and caring co-workers also higher management really cares about their retail employees. Leadership wants to help you grow and develop into a better well rounded person and is always there to help. ", " Apple is the best company to work with.I was really happy working there.I was part of something big.I learned a lot of things working with apple. ", " Very cool place to work. Everyday you learn a lot of new things. You can manage your time. Colleague are fantastic. Managers help you to do correctly your assignment. ", " I learnt so many things related to Java technology in Apple . I am very much interested to work for this company. I am proud to say i worked for Apple ", " I loved working at Apple, but at the end of the day you will be often reminded that you work Apple's retail arm, and sometimes that can make you feel unappreciated and unimportant. You will feel like a battering ram trying to protect your favorite company from time to time, but you will learn so much about technology, people, and communication from working there. Public speaking, troubleshooting, problem solving, and leadership are some of the other skills I picked up or strengthened while working here, and the benefits and discounts are great. Apple also has a knack for hiring some of the coolest, most interesting, and passionate people you'll ever meet, so more likely than not, you'll be developing a second family if you decide to work there, which was one of my favorite parts of the job. ", " I plan on staying with Apple for the long haul. It will have to take something pretty amazing to pull me away from them. Their morals and how they treat their employees is something I have never experienced before. Leadership/management it just amazing and supportive and always there when you need them. ", " A system where the employee is not promoted to grow and prosper, poor salary and bonus structure extra hours unpaid. Tyical day included being micromanaged and undervalued, a poor structure system and incorrect job descriptions. ", " A day at a call center is not the best I would prefer to work from only simpy to only have to deal witht he tools I need and assisting the customer affectively. Not in to call center restrictions on how many times you can use the bathroom or when their technology fails they dont pay for the time locked out of their systems ", " The managers micro manage the employees. The pay is great for a retail place but a lot of hours are expected for even part time workers. ", " Motivated professional and proven leader with strong customer service skills and the ability to work effectively within a team environment. Provide hands-on technical support by diagnosing product issues within tight time constraints. Responsible for determining a solution effectively while managing several other customer demands simultaneously. Quickly build trusting relationships with customers through an organized process to guide and advise the issue efficiently. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " A typical workday includes -   Assisting new users with account creation and password resets while maintaining privacy.   Providing customized solutions to \u2018new\u2019 purchasers that meet their needs and exceed their expectations.   Diagnosing and resolving customers technical issues &amp; problems   Provide client/customer support and technical issue resolution via Phone, E-Mail, and other electronic medium.   Troubleshoot customer issues and provide win-win solutions for our customers.  Management is great and co-workers are always willing to assist you. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to work from home and having a work environment where professional growth is possible. ", " Great place to work.  Excellent benefits and salary.  Great management.  Great schedule and awesome opportunities. The best company to work. ", " There is a slight case of geeks gone wild here, and they have a culture where they are the best and if you don't know EVERYTHING about computers you're not as good as those who do. Steve Jobs is basically God here, its a bit bizarre, but at the end of the day he signs the cheques I guess, so he deserves some praise\u2026 ", " Wake up, do your morning routine, and walk into your home office. Turn on your awesome two Macs and clock in and start taking calls. Usually you have around 7 different chat rooms open at once with other employees helping each other out, and also taking phone calls from live customers who call AppleCare. ", " Being an Expert at Apple is an experience like no other. A typical day at work consists of providing the best solutions for both business customers and regular consumers, as well as constant mentoring, training, and management. Experts are a constant resource on the sales floor, as well as off. It is all about teamwork, where we are one team with one common goal. Everyone supports each other with virtually any task.  The hardest part of the job would be the constant standing/movement. It is very stressful to the body, but all the hard work is constantly rewarding. The most enjoyable thing is knowing every customer leaves happily and that I provided the best possible solution. ", " As a temp through an agency you don't get the privileges as an Apple standard does. You don't get to participate in Apple events  nor the benefits of them (the only exception being Thanksgiving). As far as workload, it fluctuates like any other job; something I myself can't really complain. The management is quite punishing sometimes except for a small handful. I think the status of standard is what provokes this and the overall high expectation of Apple products and service. You are prohibited to take in your cellphone in the work area, listen to music, use the internet, and converse with coworkers (depending on your lead and department). The only real enjoyment is ironically working together and conversing with other coworkers. One must make the best of it, as it is a warehouse environment. ", " this job was awesome through out training and with my first manager...yes i said my first manager...while working here i had the great opp to work from home but, by the time i made it to my third manager my stats suffered...my old manager would ask me personal questions during our 1on1 meetings instead of speaking on how my stats could improve...she came from a diff company of 12 years in a diff field but somehow she was qualified to manage 15 people...kinda hard to learn from a manager that knows nothing about the way the company operates.. ", " Very repetitive. Not enough training or breaks for the traffic coming in. Can become mentally exhausted quickly. I like to be genuinely happy when I work and thats not always possible in this environment. ", " A typical day at Apple is more commonly fast-paced with an ocean of blue shirts and customers. Each day I make it a mission to convert every customer who walks through the glass see-through doors an owner, whether they are buying a new product or in need of a repair. The process always begins with the almighty, infamous approach.  Apple has a very rich culture among coworkers and customers, which has become the most enjoyable part of the job. More frequently each day customers visit the Apple store has a hangout spot rather than in need of our service. Apple's friendly environment makes working fun and befriending co-workers fun. ", " Come ready to hit the ground running, as it is typically busy from emails the night before and continuing emails throughout the day. All in the midst of weekly meetings. Management catches up on a higher level on how projects are doing and address where there is attention needed. Work with coworkers to ensure the information on projects are spread throughout cross functional teams. Despite the rush and constant running around, once a product is put out in the market it is extremely highly rewarding. ", " Working for Apple is great and everyone there is always open to helping each other out whenever the need arises. When coming into work everyone greets each other while getting ready for the day ahead. Management is always making sure that you are taken care of and that all of your needs are being taken care of. There is so much information available to the employees to help them better themselves and move up in the company. So much information can sometimes be overwhelming but the trick is to focus on a specific career goal. The most enjoyable part of the job would definitely be the joy of knowing you helped someone out and provided them a valuable customer support experience. ", " Working for Apple was a terrific move! By doing so, I was able to learn the culture of one of the world's leading companies and see how their culture is formulated. As a people-driven company, I've been fortunate enough to learn how important it is to build lasting consumer relationships, the right environment to create an efficient staff, and how to make success contagious.   My coworkers grew to become friends, my managers became mentors, and the work became a challenge I looked forward to every time I walked through the door.   ", " Apple is a great company and has for the most part taken care of me very well during my 6+ years of employment there... The company has built a strong culture at the retail level overcoming inherent challenges in integrating so much diversity into its workforce...  During this time I was also working on my MBA so this has been a period of my life where I have experienced an incredible amount of personal and professional growth... I feel as though I owe a lot to my experiences here but unfortunately, the growth has pretty much stopped in the last couple of years. Apple has many talented, bright individuals working in the organization and not nearly enough opportunities for growth or advancement for us. While I still get a chance on at least a weekly basis to hone skills I have attained or developed while working at Apple, it has come time for me to develop and learn an all new skill set while further enhancing my existing set.  ", " I enjoyed this company very much they were very patient and understanding to my situation and how I thought it would be hard to learn this trade but they helped me and I am very greatful to them ", " Typical Day at work consists of:  - Working on email responses sent in by developers - Working on enrollments into the Developer Programs - Working with Escalation Teams to resolve issues - Assisting the Manager to ensure Team is on task - Assisting the Manager with projects and reviewing peers cases - Answering phone calls from developers in the Asian Pacific Region  What I Learned:  - Improvement on using the Mac Operating System - Self-Efficient - Work in a team environment - Improved Leadership Ability - Improved Interpersonal skill set  Management:  - Lack of Experience - Did not Micro manage - Hard working  Co-workers:  - Friendly - Helpful - Respectful  Hardest Part of the Job:  - Work hours  Enjoyable Part of the Job:  - Feeling of content when you get a delighted developer or management is ecstatic about the work you have done.  ", " I have a fun day at work filled with lots of laughs mainly with the customers. I learn from management that using the correct tools and positioning can result in a lot of revenue. I have a great team of co-workers that all help when trying to solve an issue. We are very competitive against the other teams which allow us to challenge our skills. The hardest part of the job is dealing with customers that are irate. The most enjoyable part about working is resolving the issue and going beyond the customers expectations. Also teaching the customer about their product is really fun too. ", " To say working in an Apple retail store is easy would be the greatest lie I've ever told. It is without a doubt a job that keeps you on your toes. More than anything I have learned to trust my judgement, maintain composure, and to stay up to date on the latest information. The most difficult part of my job was being hard my management. In such a large store ou can begin to feel just like cog in the wheel, that you have no individual identity. However my interactions with my coworkers helped keep me motivated and educated. My greatest pleasure in my position is being able to support my coworkers wether it be with a technical issue or with an internal issue in the store. I love supporting, training, and mentoring those around me. ", " My favorite part of coming to work is my coworkers and the energy around the store. I have learned an extreme amount being there about both customer service and technical support. On a typical day, I see anywhere from 20-25 customers and I am allotted 15 minutes per person to solve their issue. I am expected to attend to the customer in no shorter than a two minute wait time. The hardest part of this job is that it is very stressful and non stop all day and we are no longer allowed to have two days off in a row... ever. Also the schedule is made only two weeks in advance. This makes it difficult to have a work/life balance as well as take the time to get renjuvinated before returning to work for the week. ", " Apple Retail is probably the most rewarding retail experience that I have had in my career. The culture there is of it's own and the people that you work with are some of the best in the business. That being said, trying to move up in Apple from the Retail level is exceedingly difficult for most, and can end up with a glass ceiling situation.  Overall I love Apple in general, the culture and values are extremely strong for such a large company and you truly feel like they care and want to develop every single employee that comes through the door ", " -work with customers at Genius bar -do repairs in repair room -managers wanted people working swing shifts -customers were challenging -crowded stores were loud -parts supply unreliable "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple is a great place to work, one of the best retail spaces. The environment can be overwhelming at times, and the work life balance can be annoying. However it is amazing! ", " Learned a lot of life skills.  CoWorkers are more like Family with similar interest and directions.  Get to inspire the not-so-inspired customers everyday and giving WOW moments to each individuals. ", " the ability to work with customers everyday is awesome. Really learning the customers and finding the devices that will help change their lives is amazing! ", " Unlike any other place to work. Truly is different experience. Everyone is so supportive. Makes you want to work harder. ", " awesome company to work for. good management team. everyone gets to be themselves, individuality is the best part of working for this company. ", " Apple, Inc Customer Service Rep; Great position for entry level job. Call handling and tech support to customers. Greet all customers with a smile and provide answers to questions ", " There are on-going professional development to challenge ourself for improvements. Management provide essential feedbacks for employees (no matter positive or negative) ", " Very secretive work with a lot of security procedures and Non-disclosure agreements. All I can say is that I did a lot of spatial analysis and digitization. ", " There were parts of the job that I liked. For example, the down time. However, the management was very hard on us and unfair. They would not inform you of a schedual change and if you were late that day you would get written up or terminated. Very little to no breaks what so ever. Very unfair with pay. By the end of my three year carrer I was only making 25 cents more then when I stared and new hires were making at least $1 an hour more than me with no chance of a raise. ", " Coworkers are some of the most bright minded people I've met. Management culture differs store-to-store. Benefits are excellent. ", " On general a great company, but it depends on which area and function are you working on.  highly depends on the people you are working with. ", " I enjoy working from home, it gives me the flexibility to handle things around the house on my breaks and lunch. My management is always an email or phone call away and always willing to assist. ", "   Setup\u00a0Splunk\u00a0Forwarders for new application tiers introduced into environment and existing applications \u00a0\u2028  Work closely with Application Teams to create new\u00a0splunk\u00a0dashboards for Operation teams.\u00a0\u2028  Use techniques to optimize searches for better performance, Search time vs Index time field extraction. And understanding of configuration files, precedence and working. \u00a0\u2028  Created Regular Expressions for Field Extractions and Field Transformations in\u00a0Splunk.\u00a0\u2028  Very Good experience on\u00a0Splunk\u00a0Search Language and Regular expressions.\u00a0\u2028  Supported  14 clusters  100+\u00a0Splunk\u00a0search Heads, 200+ Indexers, 3000 + forwarders. \u00a0\u2028  Anonymize the PII data in\u00a0Splunk. Masked sensitive information such SSN numbers, Addresses when showing results in\u00a0Splunk.\u00a0\u2028  Configure\u00a0Splunk\u00a0for all the mission critical applications and using\u00a0Splunk\u00a0effectively for Application troubleshooting and monitoring post go lives\u00a0\u2028  Configured\u00a0Splunk\u00a0forwarder to send unnecessary log events to \u201cNull Queue\u201d using props and transforms configurations to reduce license costs.\u00a0\u2028  Good knowledge about Indexer and Search head clustering.\u00a0\u2028  Created Shell Scripts to install\u00a0Splunk\u00a0Forwarders on all servers and configure with common configuration files such as Bootstrap scripts, Outputs.conf and Inputs.conf files.\u00a0\u2028  Experienced in attending the bridge calls for production issues and non-prod issues and involved application teams or database teams or networking teams to resolve the issues and involved in Root cause analysis for the issues encountered.   Provide regular support guidance to\u00a0Splunk\u00a0project teams on complex solution ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> and issue resolution with the objective of ensuring best fit and high quality.\u00a0\u2028  Doing deeper analysis of data using event correlations across indexes and various source types to generate custom reports for senior management. ", " The company has a very strong internal culture and networking system that requires the employee to embrace in order to succeed.  Middle management is not usually aligned with the core principles though. ", " Great place to work. I don't plan on quitting. complete control of your schedule if you are part time. Everyone loves Apple products, so the items sell themselves. ", " this is the best job that I have every had. i really like the flexibility of working from home, also the training was very through and effective. the expectations are not unrealistic for a college student ", " Very high upbeat place. Management was great as i was part of that team to help reach business goals. Budget provided to help provide employees activities and awards for assisting the company reach business goals. Great place to advance in opprotunities ", " As a sales specialist, I could always count on my colleagues for support throughout my period of work. The difficult thing though was to quickly acquire as much knowledge about the products I was positioning to customers. Whenever I got stuck, a colleague was on hand to bail me out. ", " Great people. Good work flow. You have to be self motivated and determined to work hard and help out other people when work gets backed up. ", " Amazing company, total compensation package could be better. More opportunities in the U.S market as compared to Canada. At times, management does not have a clear vision for Apple Business. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Challenging tasks everyday. Co-workers are very friendly supportive. Involde in generating reports worked sometimes late night but never felt tired. Very fun working in Apple. ", " This is a review for ACS, Inc, a call center for Apple Customer Service, Sales, and Technical Support. The work is easy, the training and resources to do the job are there as well. The benefits are really good. The pay is nothing special. The hours are flexible and easy to work. The management seems to be a little 'big headed' and opens the floor for your suggestions just because they have to. If you decide to work here just remember to keep all of your personal information and personal life to yourself, never sign a two week notice because they say the call volume is low, and simply do your job the right way and you'll be fine. ", " Everyone I worked with was a dream. I would have preferred an office environment instead of working from home but still could not complain. ", " Despite the many various reviews from outsiders, this place really does believe in its product. The work they put into making the experience a pleasurable one for the customer is outstanding. The person that is responsible for the hiring criteria is a genius and it definitely encourages some unique and beautiful people to work alongside. It's an open, trusting, and loving environment that truly encourages you to do your best at any &amp; all times. They encourage you to have a life outside of work so as to come to work fulfilled and ready to enjoy another day, which helps out more than you can imagine. There is LOADS of training that you can take at any time, the benefits are great for anyone that enjoys Apple products, fitness, technology, uses public trans...the list goes on.  Because many people are trying to do the same thing you may be trying to do with advancement, it makes it a wee-bit harder to rise amongst the ranks. But persistence makes it possible. I've watched a few friends even make it to \"Genius\" from having never had technical training beforehand.  If I could've made it to full-time in a much more timely manner, I'd have never left this company. ", " A typical day at work was start training new and existing employees for the department I was working for. Ensure everyone had the necessary equipment to start their job without any complications. I learned how to manage a team who was culturally and age diverse. I learned how to communicate effectively with all management and team members. The hardest part of the job was trying to please everyone from team members to management knowing that I had no opportunity for advancement. The most enjoyable part of the job was to work with such cultural diverse team. ", " A typical work day consists of teaching teaching personal training session on a wide assortment of topics ranging from photo editing to file organization. I have learned how to manage my time very precisely and always be on time. My management team is very aware of what is happening at all time and my coworkers are always there to support me with anything that I may need help with. The hardest part of my job would be the unknown, not knowing the answer to a question that I might get asked, but that quickly gets remedied with my favorite part of my job, the people I work with and my students that I teach. ", " Apple is a great company to work for. Had it not been for a family emergency I would still be working for them. Great management, love the training on the iOS products. ", " Working with Apple helped me to discover that it is a Great workplace to build a professional career which is built through the day-to-day relationships that employees experience. ", " I love current position as a specialist. There's a large amount of clients that you help throughout the day. It can be very rewarding but also very tiring. ", " Great place to learn a lot of stuff. Good experts in the area of their respective engineering. Good place to have a lot of fun, food and recreational activities. ", " All in all, my time at Apple was spent as a \"specialist\"- another way of saying salesman. While pay was average for a retail job, there was very little room for advancement, and with the nature of retail economy, wild variances in hours (for example, 40+ hours late October to Mid-January, to the other extreme of no hours during the rest of the year). Some of the benefits included in-house e-learning on such diverse topics as enterprise networking and distributed computing, audio and video production software, down to the more simple consumer wireless and tech devices. Not the worst job, but definitely not a way to find yourself in Cupertino ", " If you enjoy the Apple Culture and working in a call center, Apple is a great opportunity. Great company to work for, great benefits, competitive pay packages, good leadership. Great team spirit and managers who are there for your success. A typical 8 hour day of awesome and helping awesome customers. ", " Apple is fantastic company to work for. Great pay, great benefits. If you are working in a retail store, the only downside is the retail hours. Hours are all over the place and hard to plan a life around. However if you can put up with the hours, Apple offers lots of benefits and opportunities to move up an around the company. ", " Looking to build on my customer service experience, but apple was very limited as far as advancing within the company.  Accepted all opportunities that were available to me, but did not see any advancement in the near future.  Felt as though I wasn't using my full potential in my last position ", " When I was at Apple, my typical day involved chat and email support, for the .Mac suite of services, which is now defunct/known as iCloud. I learned a great deal about how good customer service is expected to be, as Apple is the industry leader in providing customer service to their many users. My co-workers and management were all great, and I really enjoyed working with them. The hardest part of this job is to maintain your enthusiasm when it doesn't seem fun. The reason I left there is the grind of maintaining nearly perfect metrics, and the lack of promotion in the department I was working in at the time contributed to a bit of burnout with my love for the company. I still love and use my Mac products daily, but I could no longer say the same for the job. The best part of working there is the great food in the Apple cafe, they served up some of the tastiest grub everyday. ", " Tech support sucks. It's an unending task. The \"support\" provided by your team is superficial and patronizing. A waste of time. ", " Typical day was spent answering inbound phone calls for sales and support related queries.  I learned extensive product technical details, industry standards and average costs, how to establish trust through knowledge and understanding, and relate technical knowledge into layman's terms.  Management was strict, and required you to be attentive and alert on every call.  Co-workers were amazing, and offered great support and made for a fun work environment.  The hardest part was staying positive, being an inbound call center there was no control on the calls received, and having strong sales metrics put a lot of pressure to turn a service call into a sales call.  The most enjoyable part of the job was the amount of time they gave you to learn. Most days had at least 30 minutes of required product training, giving you the time to want to brush up your skills. ", " The job itself is not very stressful or boring. It's alway challenging and very engaging. The downside is the customers you have to deal with and the stressful work environment in which you have to work. It's like working on a trading floor with a ticking time bomb ready to go off at any second. Co-workers make the day very fun but when things get stressful it can go from bad to horrible. With retail comes the retail schedule which if you like it it's great, if you don't it makes work/life balance impossible. Older employees tend to hate the work hours more than younger employees. With that being said the job itself is very engaging and it never gets old and it's always challenging. The people that work there for the most part are very down to earth people and you would most likely befriend some of the employees. ", " I love my job at Apple. I have awesome co-workers, and friendly management. My work as Editor is very enjoyable. Apple has a very nice working climate. ", " As a Genius, YES, you work for Apple. The greatest company in the world! I was proud to wear the title! I worked for STEVE JOBS! But... I worked in a mall, wore a \"uniform'' and a name tag. I learned more about computers than I ever did with my college degree and I am completely in debt to the training of Apple. Apple Retail, however, is god awful for someone who wants to advance into a higher paying and more prestigious career. Managers do not encourage going into corporate, nor do they ever promote or assist you in advancing beyond a genius/manager.  Apple = THE GREATEST COMPANY EVER! Apple Retail = not for everyone! "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " A lot to lean specially when you are young. You meet all types of people. You learn from them and move on! Company has room for improvement. ", " Culture is great, compensation is sub par however. Advancement is really how far you are willing to go. Overall not a bad place if you want to make a career in retail. ", " Apple is a great place to learn and grow as a person and a techie. You learn a lot in how to present to customers, talk to people and enhance customers lives by showing them how to better use their products. ", " It's never a dull moment at Apple. I've enhanced my customer experience since I've been at Apple. They focus on customer value as well as employee job satisfaction. I work with over 100 people, and everyone is so friendly! We don't have team building exercises, yet everyone gets along. The hardest part of my job is trying to change positions. There isn't much movement within the company. The most enjoyable part is being able to go to work everyday and learn something new. ", " Beyond perfection, hard work, best professionals, nice environment, you will be among the best professionals worldwide. ", " Great place to discover your true talents. Great room for growth. Events are fun and its very easy to develop a sense of family with co-workers ", " Apple is a great company to work at.  The diverse nature of the work and the support system they offer customers is number 1 in the industry and they strive to maintain that with each and every interaction. ", " Everyday is filled with a new challenge  The energy you see in store, you have never seen before  Solving problems and creating owners are many throughout the day  But having a solid network of colleagues, my friends, make the day that much better  Why I go to work?   To do it all again ", " Working as a home advisor at Apple care a typical day at work includes, handling inbound calls for tech support issues customers whom have issues with there Apple devices ranging from ''how to's'' to ''account issues''. We are required to train by use of skills modules, weeky to keep up with changes in sofware and product knowledge. The hardest part of the job is being home and not being face to face with customers and co-workers. The most enjoyable part of the job is when faced with a difficult issue,using product knowledge and troubleshooting steps to gain a resolution In a way that ''Wows'' the customer makes my day. ", " - Toughest part of the role is to navigate through various teams/processes to get smallest thing done - Lack of open communication and centralized document location ", " My time at Apple was great.  The company fosters learning, teamwork, and has excellent internal communications, rare in today's company's.  You are consistently challenged, deadlines are met, and self-inspired learning are the tough parts.  The good parts are the company values talent, is innovative, offers a fair salary and benefits, and has areas to grow your career. ", " Apple has a great company culture and provides lots of opportunities to learn but the retail environment can be incredibly stressful and the schedule really strains your work/life balance. As the company has grown so have the politics and bureaucracy, which makes it hard to get promoted and establish a clear path for growth above the lower level roles. ", " Great place to work at. The people are great and the culture is very laid back. fast growth and development. A chance to be you. ", " I have greatly enjoyed my time at Apple thus far and continue to look forward to the many more things I will learn and all the laughter I will share with my coworkers.   This is a work environment that will lift you up and encourage you when you are doing great and not so well. These employees come around you for support and assistance in any and every way because they want to see you succeed.   You work hard here at Apple while helping and assisting customers from sales to repairing devices. Customers are mostly appreciative of your assistance because it an an opportunity to talk with them and engage with them on a more personal level. It is at this level that one is able to offer the best solutions for the customer because it is no longer an interaction but a relationship that has been established.   Apple is great. ", " Volunteering at Northeast Methodist Hospital through a high school program called Clinical Rotation, it taught me a lot and brought to my attention this is what I wanted to do as a career. I was able to take people\u2019s blood, help with PT sessions, monitor heart rates, and discover the different facilities the hospital had to offer, as well as communicating with patients and helping them with their most urgent needs. ", " it was amazing to work for such an amazing company who look after their people. every body is so happy and the joy and love from everyone else gives you a positive energy ", " Very good company to work for and great supervisors and employees.  Great working conditions and hours, great opportunity and location. ", " Working for Apple was the best working experience I could have asked for. Our morning shift was always well prepared for the day, and subsequent shifts were very informed as to the goals and tasks for each day. I learned how to connect with people while also learning about how they use our products and what their needs and desires from our products were. Management was always attentive and helpful to whatever your needs were. Your co-workers are some of the hardest working people you'll meet. The hardest part of the job was getting the hard-nosed customers who did not want to abide by the process with which we did things. The best part of the job was seeing people excited over their new piece of technology and getting to learn it and have it become part of their lives. ", " Apple was a terrific place to work, though upper management had very little concern for work-life balance (thus burnout was frequent).  Benefits were above average, people were outstanding to work with.  Surprisingly, Apple has never really embraced the concept of working remotely (at least not for non-engineering types), preferring its employees to be on location (even during holiday work periods).  Compensation-wise, Apple was about average (actually lower than Dell), but their reputation is such that people WANT to work there. ", " Working for Apple was a challenge, but it helped me grow in a lot of aspects. It pushed me to meet goals and to always be concerned about the customer's happiness and maintaining their trust in Apple. Apple takes great care of its employees and offers great benefits! "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Working at Apple has been nothing short of amazing. I have learned many valuable skills that I know I will take with me in my future careers. I love being able to enrich peoples lives everyday, and I love the training, tools, and opportunities that are provided to do my job and to advance. ", " I answer questions to prospective buyers. I try to understand there needs and provide them with the best solution. If they chose to make a purchase I complete the sale using a device called Easypay. It's all done right on the sales floor without a register unless they pay cash. I also help answer technical questions for people who are already own apple products. The culture is excellent in comparison to other stores I've worked at. People there generally get along. Apple provides first class service and I have learned how to go above and beyond the usual retail experience. ", " Apple was a great place to work overall in terms of the people and the environment.  Every person was quite easy to get along with and relate with.  Every day the job consisted of assisting customers over the phone to get their iPads, iPods, or iPhones working to their satisfaction.  This, to me personally, was the hardest part of the job as being on the phone for 8+ hours a day really tended to wear me down.  The most enjoyable aspect of the job was simply being able to surround myself with great people that were friendly and incredibly helpful when assistance was needed.  I learned a great deal from my experience at Apple about how to better empathize and align with the customers I was dealing with day in and day out.  As a tier 2 advisor I also learned a good amount about proper time management as I would not only take calls, but also perform callbacks when necessary and have discussions with the engineering department as well as some others to get the needed resolutions. ", " When you come here, you're surrounded by people that love the company, its products, and the simple processes that the employee have in order to make customers lives better. Working with other employer help me realize that, Apple is one of the best retailers in the world. If you like to advance you have to show the passion in order to be considered, but it ultimately depends on the culture of the store cause some store probably have favorites when it comes to promotions. ", " Working for Kellyconnect and AppleCare was a great experience with great benefits. Never had any major issues them. They were very flexible with schedules and time off. ", " I have learned a diverse set of competencies working at Apple in the past two and a half years. Since technology is always changing I am constantly dealing with ambiguity both customer facing and internally.  What I've learned is how to reconstruct and improve my approach to customers and peers.     It is exciting to be able to watch people discover products through conversation and hands on knowledge. But it can be difficult to deal with the issues that arise when technology does not work. At Apple compassion is not just a thought, it is a practice. And, while some days are more difficult than others, I am always attempting to provide a better customer experience through meaningful interactions.     Apple is a place that allows you to realize what you are capable of and encourages your ideas and opinions. Through feedback and open communication with peers it is much easier to have a fun and developmental work space. I have fun every day because the people are what keep my work interesting. ", " Working for Apple is great. The environment is developmental based to help you grow as an employee and as a person.  The management is willing to support you to their best ability.  Depending on the goals you wish to accomplish within the company may have politics to move up the ladder. ", " GREAT JOB! You get great experience. Helpful managers and learn something new every day. Lots of support and great people to work with. ", " I answer calls for apple lvl 1 tech support about mac and mac pro laptops. help customer  resolves issue with the product and sell item to help out. handle stressed out customer over the phone when they are mad about the product goes down.  I learn a lot about apple Tiger os i think is 10.4  helping customer solve issue over the phone and guiding them to a solution.  management was lacking in training and supporting the agents.  Co-works only cared about pay.  handling a very stressed out customer with out taking it personally.  Most enjoyable was helping customer solve their issue with the mac laptops. ", " A typical day for my position I assist advisors, or speak to customers directly for more sensitive issues.  Management and co-workers are great  There isn't anything hard about my job.  I've been here so long that I've become accustomed to training right after products are released/announced.  Capable of fielding questions and offering assistance on the fly, while still becoming an expert.  I worked in the office for 2 years, then started to work from home. ", " Apple provided me with the tools be an excellent customer service staff member in a very fast-paced retail environment.  Each day there were rotations of about two hours at a type of task; mobile customer support, mac customer support, iphone repairs station, and mac repairs with occasional development or training time throughout the month.  I was proud to work for Apple and in return have been given the opportunity to be trained on the most widely used and often times, misunderstood machines in the world.  Apple tends to run its employees into the ground from stress, pressure to perform, and unable to meet the ever-growing demands of customers.  All-in-all, I'm exceedingly glad I no longer work in this type retail setting but dearly miss my apple family. ", " -Exposure/hands-on to the most recent technologies. -Good opportunity to grow. -An opportunity to fully utilize my skill set. ", " I loved working with Apple! Every day was something different in the retail store -- that made it fun and never routine! I learned tons of information about Apple and how they choose to operate -- from launch tactics, to BOH strategies, to visual merchandising, and customer relations. Apple is the best of the best and it was an honor to give them 4 years of my services. The most enjoyable part of the retail store is the Product Launches!!! ", " Apple has changed since Steve Jobs' passing. The outward indications can be seen in the stock price and offering dividends (a fully different direction). Internally, the management philosophy has changed from grow, develop, and retain world-class talent to pinch pennies for the quarterly earnings calls.  An example would be cutting the Apple iWalk (a 5-K walk to promote health and well-being for employees. When asked, HR noted that people don't quit over losing the iWalk. True, but the philosophy behind the cutting / trimming changes Apple's culture from quirky entrepreneurialism to corporate bottom-liners.  The work-life balance described is not as advertised. Compensation for weekends and late nights (weeks at a time) worked was not forth-coming, rather vacation requests were questioned and cheering on a child's baseball game at 8pm was considered dangerous for a career.  Finally, management regularly herald that they pay 80% of market due to the panache and prestige of working for Apple. Perhaps, but many good people were leaving Apple as I made my decision to leave. Their stories weren\u2019t different than mine \u2013 that the change in leadership (CEO down to middle management) dampened their initiative and excitement for the job.  Apple was a great company, sadly the vibe was lost and, similar to the last time Steve Jobs left, Apple has begun its slow descent. ", " Typical retail job, but with a amazing encouragement to learn.  Apple was an environment where training was fostered in order for you to be more effective at your job performance. ", " A typical day at work consist of providing life changing solutions. Whether my client buys something or not, if I answer their questions, leave them feeling empowered and with solutions, my job is complete. This job does definitely tested my patience, and there are times when it can be overwhelming. However, the best part is that it strengthens my composure skills. Working for Apple is an experience like no other. ", " Apple  Retail has great values that ensure the customer has the best experience, but it can sometime neglect the development and the needs of a staff member. While advancement is tough due to fierce competition, there is very little direction given from management as to 'where' you can go in Apple, let alone 'how' to get there. A typical day involves creating memorable experiences for customers through service repairs or solutions. I have learnt to be humble and empathetic with customers, align with how and why they have come to the apple store, and provide a solution to re-establish their faith in the product and the brand. The people i work with are some of the most talented people who share the same values as i do, who enjoy coming to work, but at time are frustrated due to lack of work/life balance and career progression. The hardest part of the job, would be rostering. The weekly roster for every team member is inconsistent making it hard to plan for life commitments such as church or family time. The technical aspect of the job can be learnt, but the positive attitude that one has, is more crucial as it cannot be taught. The most enjoyable part is working with fun and quirky people. ", " Excellent Company All Around regarding the training and the moral of the company. Treats employees with respect and understand the value of life and work balance. ", " looking for a change due to personal reasons , preferred location is south / west (Bay area)/  .   Work experience at apple has been great and i enjoyed working there  wish my contract never ended there ", " Loved this job. Apple recruits the best people and instills its company culture from day one. Management is there for you when you have a problem and help you work it out. The benefits including part timers are magnificent. I don't know the last time anyone received benefits and a 30 hr work week. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I enjoyed one-on-one experiences with customers during which I was able to alleviate their frustration and provide enriching knowledge about their devices. ", " Apple is a great place to work. Lots of new things to learn and lots of possibilities to move forward. Each day is a challenge never knowing who is on the other line needing assistance. It makes me feel great when I can solve a customer's issue and hear the smile on their face over the phone. ", " since it's a warehouse environment it is:  monotonous, unchallenging, building manager seems to want everything finished by yesterday.  what i have learned:  worked with new software pertaining to mac osx such as filemaker pro, some in-depth working of excel, and an understanding of mac osx.  the most enjoyable part of the job are my friends and co-workers. the professional relationship that is built and camaraderie is priceless. ", " It was overall a good experience, learned SAP programming, improved analytical skills, the Cafe was excellent, management was a little nonchalant to problems ", " Worked here as a college student and found them to be very accommodating. Pay is great but hey it customer service. Not bad for entry level. ", " You want to learn great skills that will prepare you for great customer service and management, then Apple is a good place to start. ", " A typical day at work starts with checking emails then doing some CAD. Some meetings come into play followed by some hallway discussions. Sometimes I draw pictures on the whiteboards to prove a point. I go home when I get tired. ", " I loved everything about this company! The people, the environment, management and all were just simply amazing. oh and the benefits were unmatchable. ", " - Typical Day at work consists of performing diagnostics and physical repairs on mobile and computers. - Diverse group of co workers that makes the day enjoyable  - Hardest part of the job is compiled of customers not wanting to pay out of warranty fees, and talking to customers that feel like everything should be free - Most enjoyable part of the consists of physical repairs, having customers happy, having repairs done on time ", " A typical day is working on images that are used in World Wide Sales and Training material. I coordinate photo shoots, models, locations, etc., to suite the desired message, and then photograph and retouch all images for use. It is a fast paced environment, and collaboration with co-workers is very important. The hardest part of the job is trying to get enough information in order to do decide what the best solution is. The most enjoyable part of the job is finding the right solution. ", " Answer phones to trouble shoot customers cell phones.Check to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.Confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, take or enter orders, cancel accounts, or obtain details of complaints.Review claims adjustments with clients, examining parts claimed to be defective, and approving or disapproving clients claims.Order tests that could determine the causes of product malfunctions. ", " Apple has made me a more humble and approachable person it has made me realize there is more to work than just a job, Apple has created a second family for me in my co-workers and management it is an amazing environment to work in and to feel comfortable and not feel like it is work or numbers driven! ", " Apple is very selective at choosing the best employees. I have never had a manager that wasn't polite and cared about your well being. Each manager wants you to prosper and grow that they meet with you every quarter to talk about goals and how you can improve. Their pay is great for a retail store. They are very considerate about your personal life and will accommodate you with emergencies and family issues. It is a very rewarding job. ", " Great culture, fabulous products that you're selling with great management teams that really have an ability to motivate &amp; inspire. ", " Apple has a great working environment, and every single person from top to bottom makes you feel as if you're part of a team! I recommend it to anyone who's looking for such a welcoming environment! ", " I am an Apple fan girl. I love the products and the services. I didn't even own a mac when I started there!!! I was a complete convert.  That being said my plan was the finish college and use my position in the retail store to advancement to a corp Apple position.  This is nearly impossible to do unless you are willing to dedicate 5+ years to retail.  Other wise the customers are generally cool. Someone my best friends are co-works I had when I worked there and the benefits/compensation are some of the best around. ", " The title says it all. I worked in Best Buy as a sales rep for apple. I worked for apple and not best buy. I loved it. The Job was pretty much just talking to people all day about what works for them and how we could make that happen. Unfortunately, when my seasonal contract was up they didn't offer me a job (one wasn't available). ", " You have not worked retail until you have worked at Apple Retail.  At Apple Retail you are ALWAYS busy which makes for very interesting days.  As an employee you are empowered to make decisions that are right for the customer.  Management always has your back! ", " Apple is a great place to work at with competitive wages and so many opportunities  to grow. Loved my experience there and would recommend it to anyone. ", " Great place to work when looking for experience in the Electronics Field. A great opportunity to work for Apple and take some knowledge with you to your new career. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple is a great company to work for. A typical day entails listening to customers and providing creative solutions for their needs. My co-workers are phenomenal people and make me enjoy my work. The management at Apple Eastview is lacking. ", " Great place to work.  I would only leave if something more lucrative came along.  Leaders in innovation and great work life balance. ", " Great company to work for. I would highly recommend working here to family or friends. amazing products demonstrated by enthusiastic and passionate employees. ", " The caring and culture of an Apple store is like no other on Earth. The Pay is excellent, benefits a great and the amount of money the company spends on training their team doesn't go unnoticed. You are surrounded with extremely brilliant and passionate people. ", " What a great place to start a career. This company demands excellence down to it's very core. If you put forth the effort, you will make a good career in this company. Hard work typically pays off here. The pay is outstanding, and only gets better. The benefits only got better during the years i worked there. The insurance is amazing, and the perks are numerous. Don't be surprised or discouraged if you don't get hired. They have the highest turn-away rate of any company in retail. If you get to make it to a hiring event, just be kind, out-going, and eager to learn. Your efforts will be reciprocated. I learned how to manage my time and thrive under immense pressure, The hardest part of this job would be some of the customers. We pull in so much variety. I can say I have met some of the nicest people and some of the meanest people I have ever encountered in my life at that store. Management is usually good, but changes a lot. Sometimes it feels like they push you too hard, but that's sort of what makes a god leader. I trust must of them to make the best decisions in both the interest of the customers and the employees. OH and one more thing; this company is always changing from the ground up. It's one of its best and worst qualities, but if you want to work there, get use to it. ", " While working for Apple Retail I provided insightful advice and friendly, hands-on technical support to Apple customers in need - quickly diagnosing product issues on the spot, explaining situations with patience and empathy. After determining whether repairs could be done or a replacement was needed, I offered solutions to quickly get users up and running again. When juggling more than one customer, it was very important to stay conscious of their time demands as well as my own.  Management was very helpful, and always kept a close eye on each employee's individual needs. My co-workers were extremely knowledgeable, well trained and always happy to help.  I really enjoyed working with customers coming in with an issue that led them to believe there was no solution to be found, yet upon leaving were up and running again and very happy with the service and outcome.  On extremely busy days it could be very difficult to handle the large amount customers in need of support. Yet with my previous experience, and the training Apple provided, there was never a moment where I felt that I could not handle the situation. ", " A great place to work - smart people but watch for burn out - relentless activity but a lot of fun and smart people around you. ", " You come in and find a good mix of people working together to get our products sold.  You learn the full benefits of working a full long day while keeping a positive attitude. Management is too large and a bit unorganized. Co-workers become real life friends. Dealing with management and bureaucracy. Working amongst friends.   ", " Apple has a unique approach and it is a positive one.  the attention to detail and opportunity for employee development is spectacular. Customer employee relationships are built through knowledge and self assurance of these wonderful products. ", " Great place to learn a lot of stuff. Good experts in the area of their respective engineering. Good place to have a lot of fun, food and recreational activities. ", " Working at Apple is not what all the hype makes it to be. The work life balance is minimal, pay is nothing special, and you could make more working on sales at Nordstroms hourly. Another major issue is the management, they are a burden on the sale associates (Red Zone) and unfortunately are paid to do minimal work for a decent pay. Overall the people you will work with are amazing and that's the only reason I was able to stick it out for a year. ", " Everything has been great about working at Apple. I have been given great opportunities and nothing but positive reinforcement for my work. They truly define what it means to work, laugh and play because it's is such a comfortable and happy environment. ", " Very repetitive. Not enough training or breaks for the traffic coming in. Can become mentally exhausted quickly. I like to be genuinely happy when I work and thats not always possible in this environment. ", " I had the honor of working for such a progressive company in beautiful Honolulu and it was the best experience of my professional career thus far. The people, the customer, the atmosphere, pretty remarkable. Apple truly takes amazing care of its family and it was pretty cool experience. When I had to relocate and leave them I literally cried because I didn't want to leave such an amazing company. ", " Everyone I worked with was a dream. I would have preferred an office environment instead of working from home but still could not complain. ", " I love my job at the Apple Store, but I think that it is time that I get a big girl job and really explore all my opportunities. Apple is one of the best companies that I have ever worked for and hopefully I can eventually go to corporate. ", " Working at Apple is an experience. They cultivate learning and improvement and don't take failure as an option. There's ample room for upward mobility. Everyday is a new experience. ", " My experience at Apple was really good. When I accepted the job as Manager I was advised by a lot of people to refuse it but I still went with it. The training was full on but highly needed. Days are fully busy. To succeed at Apple you must be willing to work hard. If you're looking for a job that will pay the bills without pressure then it's not the place for you. If you're looking for a career, learning and developing yourself, if you're willing to put on the efforts to reach those goals then yes apple is the company that will facilitate the environment to do so. It remains the best company I have ever worked for in so many levels. Exceptions are rarely made and the strict code of conduct is applied to everybody to remain fair on all employees which is way better and different from all other companies I have worked for in Ireland. ", " Apple products are amazing and will continue to be reliable and cutting edge for the foreseeable future. Middle Management is more concerned with posturing and protecting themselves rather than promoting an environment where people are developed and promoted. ", " Apple is fairly relaxed which I like but there is no real possibility of advancement here, you may aspire to go up to maybe a lowly manager but there is really very little opportunity here. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " The work culture is not very good, any time anybody can call for work even in midnight. The cluster was not so stable so the data corruption happen any time so team need to work to correct the data.  The co-worker are very good and supportive. ", " Great place to work customers make work wonderful. Being able to fix all IOS devices was amazing. I got to learn how to restore devices and about how the overall company works. most enjoyable part of job was resolving customers issues ", " Fast paced work environment that requires a lot of multitasking. Customers can often be difficult but the staff is very friendly and willing to help at all times. Great for developing technical and communication skills. If you want to move to a new position in the company, management does a great job of accommodation the interests of it's employees. ", " Great company to work for! I learned a lot of things that will contribute to my career over the long run. I am happy to say that I was employed by Apple. ", " Receiving Incoming Calls, Customer Interfacing, Product Promotion, Processing Sales, Customer Data Collection and Management  The management and co-workers were the best I've ever had, I miss them very much.  I would have to say I least enjoyed sales, although I have to say it was very soft sales and the customers were very receptive to buying applecare for their products.  The most enjoyable part of that job was working from home and the support of the team. They really made you feel, for a virtual environment, like you were right there in the office w/ them. And the products were very easy to promote. People love Apple, the customer service is #1 in consumer reports, I am very proud to be able to say I was a part of that. ", " I enjoyed all that I learned about the Apple computer software. The management use to let we work mostly during the week. Had a lot of weekends off. Only bad about the job is the sad pay. ", " How to interact with a customer of all technology levels.   We have a great supporting team that encourages one another to do well. ", " This position for at home advisor is an apple care advisor.   My normal day as chat advisor starts with me logging in to the computer apple sent me 5 minutes before the shift so i can check email and get prepared for work.   As soon as your shift starts you will get busy. In chat we are expected to answer two chats at the same time. Each chat is expected to be resolved in 25 minutes or less. If the customer needs screen sharing we also do that.   In these 25 minutes you have to defuse the customer, assure, and provide support by troubleshooting or providing the appropriate response.  You will have to log all the interaction, case notes, followups, send emails to customers,   In this position you will not get holidays off, you will get them paid as holiday pay and overtime. So that's nice, however you can't be with your family cause it's super busy.   Schedules are according to your performance, what defines your performance is customer's feedback or surveys. Picture a very angry customer who just lost all his contacts in iCloud and you can't recover them. Or someone that purchased a stolen iPhone and can't activate it. Those customers will give you a bad survey based on their feelings about the company. This will affect your metrics and schedules.   If you're a super good advisor, you will get 1 weekend day off. They have 4days x10hrs or 5days x8hours schedules.   I started as an at home phone advisor, answered between 18-25 calls per shift. Calls can take as little as 10 minutes other calls can take as much a 3 hours. Depending on what the issue is.   After ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> being in phones for 1 year i was sent to chat support, that was far more stressful. Chat advisors are expected to have dual chats at all times. Yes, troubleshooting two issues at the same time.   Sometimes you need to help out using screen sharing for two customers at the same time. For a minute picture two very angry customers asking you if you are there. Or picture Apple releasing a bad iOS or OSX update, as it happens very often. No one knows whats going on, and Apple expects you to help as much without even having hands on that iOS yourself.    FYI, they are recording all you do at all times, be careful about what you say about management or the company in private chats. They will confront you for private conversations and show you the conversation.   I started at $18, raises only come once a year and is based on your performance. Yes, some advisors don't get a yearly raise. The top raise is 9%. But for this kind of raise you have to do a lot, like provide apple with a new app or something new. Most people get between 0 and 6% raise a year. So it will take you years to get to $20.   You can also go to tier 2, however many departments are very full, so the opportunity only comes once a year for 1 advisor of 25 or 30. This is true in chat or iTunes department.  For phones it may be faster and more advisors.  The turn over rate for this position is very high, if you have nothing else lined up. Which was my situation, it's an ok position. Picture an Apple Store before christmas, yup that's how it is on phones and chat, talking to customers the whole day.   The first two weeks are paid training, there's a test at the end of the two weeks, 4 of the 20 advisors that where hired when i was hired did not make it pass the two weeks. Failed the test. You will feel very bad for these people that left a steady job for this.   Chat support is open 24 hours and phones from 7am to 10:30pm EST.  Hope you find this helpful.   (Health Benefits start immediately) ", " To enrich lives, connect with the customer, and provide a solution.  Apple is a place where customer can come an speak directly to a trained profession and get all there questions answered. ", " Working at home, Started as part-time, and was able to became full time, and a Tier 2 within my first year.  interviews and meetings are all done over FaceTime, or Online video conferencing.  Everyone there is helping you to advance, and to do more with the company. ", " It's fun to work in startup environment along with lot of learning and innovation. Individuals' knowledge matters a lot for the company. It's always good to work with an organisation with abundance of energy. Also employees' new ideas are always matters to the organisation. Every day activities and interaction with global team members helps person to groom himself. Good work life balance and other cultural activities organised by company is an added advantage. ", " Setting up the merchandise, keep clean the working area. Gain knowledge of dealing with all type of clientele and every-day new info about technology. Great team and very supportive. Very busy store and demanding customers. Getting to know all type of customers and mostly accomplish the mission... Satisfy customers. ", " I thoroughly enjoyed doing my externship with AppleCare. I was given the opportunity to learn new skills as well as fine tune other things that I had only had practice on in a classroom setting. I worked from 8-5 Monday- Wednesday and 1-5 on Thursday. These hours were all that I could work with my class schedule. ", " GREAT PLACE TO Work. great discounts and great swag from companies that do business with apple. love to go back to work there if i could. ", " Apple was a great place to meet friends and great people. The training course is really in depth and thorough. Managers are fair and good people ", " I truly enjoyed most of my experiences on a daily basis working with my team, teaching them what I know and receiving their knowledge as well. The management for the first year was non existent which made daily activities difficult and I was not able to get full time or a raise due to this. ", " A place where everyone is pushing the envelop and focused on improving or innovating. Always forward looking with ultimate attention to customer satisfaction. ", " Amazing experience.  Had the benefit of working for both the corporate, and retail programs.  Has given me great perspective. ", " Working in Apple Inc, in Elk Grove, CA is cool. I am in a good department which I learned a lot working there. I have good Lead and trainers helping me out when needed. It just the Temp Volt Agency is not paying well - pay almost minimum wage. ", " productive environment and also motivating to get stats together. However, training can be a bit short and feels like it's ran through without much detail or explanations. It can be a hassle not having a team lead near you for direction since you are working from home. Also, redirecting customers to the correct department can be a headache as other advisors find ways not to take the call when "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I love current position as a specialist. There's a large amount of clients that you help throughout the day. It can be very rewarding but also very tiring. ", " Wonderful place to work, Great co-workers, understanding management.  Basic day consist of sales as well as conducting a workshop class as well and diagnosis of phones and other mobile devices.  The most enjoyable part of the job is helping the customer get that perfect device that they were looking for. ", " A typical day is busy and never dull. I learned to plan ahead, multi-task more efficiently and what to say when giving feedback. The hardest part of working here is everything constantly changes, so be ready. The best part is how often you get positive affirmations of what your doing right. ", " Very energetic work environment, Great business to work for. Leader and management employee friendly. Great pay and benefits package. Location access very good. Promote from within. ", " I would recommend working for Apple Inc. It has been the genesis for most of my success in the last 5 years. Highly creative and intelligent employees and a great corporate culture. You will meet anyone and everyone. ", " Upscale retail job with high benefit perks. The culture is amazing and my coworkers are like my family and life long friends. The most enjoyable part of my job is meeting all different types of people from CEOs to actors to international tourists. ", " Apple is a fun, fast-paced environment and has great benefits, but advancement is difficult unless you have the know with people who can help you advance. ", " Apple treats their employees very respectively and fairly. Wonderful place to work in a beautiful and comfortable/outgoing environment. Coworkers were great and true team players as well. ", " This place was a balance of organized and friendly with benefits and work structure. The management actually assisted when needed unlike other places I have worked at. ", " Work hard and you will be rewarded, fun team and good management. Great progression and amazing benefits, i've met amazing people and had good training. ", " It depends what dept. you are in. Within our department there was no advancement possible.  Overtime pay was good but you had to work overtime to get a decent salary.   Our department was micro managed because we were home based. ", " Apple was an unbelievable company to work for.  Apple is all business but Fridaya they know how to let their hair down.  We work very hard and business is very important. ", " The primary focus of this job was to provide customer service over the phone to Apple customers. The pay was great, and there were awesome benefits. Additionally, the training provided by Apple management was world-class, and I acquired exceptional customer service and technical skills from this position. ", " Apple is a very understanding employer with good benefits. I have enjoyed working there. Typically I help customer with their phones and computers. ", " The management team was great, the job was very enjoyable, the only thing that is hard is when you are hired as a temp you are at times left out when the company is doing things so sometimes you will be the only one left on the floor ", " Working for apple was a great experience for me. They have medical benefits for part time employees and great discounts for Apple products. The atmosphere is laid back and management were great to work with. A great vibe. ", " Apple is a great company to work for, depending on what you are looking for in a job. The pay and benefits were amazing, the people were very nice, and it was a relaxed environment. However, receiving any type of recognition for your work is difficult. ", " Great career advancement opportunities.  Very customer and employee centric.  Good core values and awesome atmosphere to work in.  Could use a better compensation plan, but overall it's retail and at the retail level you can't expect too much.  ", " Great Company. Great Co-workers, Chaotic Atmosphere. Management unreliable. Horrible work/life balance. ", " Working at Apple your leaders truly appreciate you for who you are individually and look at growth opportunities for you. It is clear about what opportunities may be presented to you based on the efforts that you put in yourself. Great benefits and overall just a fantastic environment. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " It is a busy, fast-paced retail environment. Pays better than most retail jobs out there. The benefits are great. Experience in the store can be dependent upon the Store Leader (GM), but for the most part, a positive experience. In MY store, management will back what the team-member recommends when dealing with a customer, about 98% of the time. ", " Apple provides an awesome workplace environment that's fast paced and full of energy.  A typical day at work is very fast paced, working with our customers and providing them with the keys and knowledge to have a wonderful experience with their product.  Management is knowledgeable, supportive, and maintains an open-door policy.  I really enjoy working with my team and my customers each and every day. ", " Apple, like its products, are great to work for. I learned a great deal from not only my managers, but from working with our retail partners. Being able to cultivate an idea that could help my business was only held back by our partners willingness to \"innovate\". But growing within the program is very difficult! Although performance was recognized, it did very little to improve your stock.  The most enjoyable part of the job is seeing a customers face when they open an iPhone for the first time. Or are purchasing an iPad as a present and they are just as excited! Or the moments you know a killer new feature is going to improve someones experience. ", " A typical day involves handling customers whom are having technical difficulties with their products. I learned about handling confused and angry customers. The management are un-coordinated and honestly are lacking that level of managerial skill.  The co-workers are very friendly and made the job worth going to. The hardest part of the job was the dissarray of information around the workplace while the best was the interesting stories of the customers. ", " Apple was a great place to work depending on the leadership in place at the time of your employment (really, just like any job). ", " Working for Apple is a wonderful experience.  The people on my team are very knowledgable and kind, I never felt like I didn't have the support I needed, even on days when the store was completely packed.   The techniques, from upper management down to entry level, are fantastically efficient and effective.  It is very inspiring to experience a workplace with such cunning and harmonious ways of doing business, especially when you are fully equipped to help dozens of people a day solve a staggering variety of issues.   The most difficult part of this occupation is when you are approached with an unknown problem.  We don't accept failure and are absolutely determined to find a solution, but if we do not have the resources to find said solution, we connect the customer to outside resources who can.   The part I love most about working at Apple is seeing someone who walked in feeling badly about their interaction with Apple products, and completely changing their perception through providing what we call \"a world class experience\" and watching them walk out with a smile on their face. ", " Work hard and you will be rewarded, fun team and good management. Great progression and amazing benefits, i've met amazing people and had good training. ", " In the beginning, we were told that we would have advancement opportunities constantly. We were told that we would receive benefits and Paid Time Off, Vacation Time, Sick time. I haven't seen or heard from any of those things. This job is not as sweet as they've made it out to be. ", " Apple is a fun, fast-paced environment and has great benefits, but advancement is difficult unless you have the know with people who can help you advance. ", " It was great working there. I learned a lot about myself here and how to work remotely from other employees. There was an extensive amount of knowledge about apple products that needed to be learned and being able to help someone with their products without physically seeing the problem with a customer's product. ", " The building is clean and fresh, coworkers are competent and trusting, management is efficient and fair, learned many valuable interpersonal and intercultural skills, hardest part was trying to relate to people with Apple products while not owning any myself. My dad worked on the same site, but different company so we were able to have lunch together. ", " Apple is a self empowered company where the management is there to assist and empower the employees to thrive. My day consists of receiving work in batches and contacting them to assist in the replacement of their product from start to finish. Apple enjoys sending their employees gifts with their enrichment program, anything from blankets and bags to mugs or treats. The hardest part of the job can be to assist all the customers you handle within the day. A standard list contain up to 100 customers at any time. The most enjoyable part of the job is to listen to the customers be happy about the resolution to their issue. ", " *Cleaned tables, picked up dishes, carried heavy trays *Sat customers and took orders, got food and drinks for customers *Provided great customer service in a busy restaurant ", " Overall Apple was a wonderful place to work, I never really considered it a career path though as it seemed to take much to long to advance in the company with little gain in position or pay. The hardest part of the job is hands down the entitled customers that come in, the best part is your coworkers.  ", " Great Management Great Benefits Great Training I wish we didn't have to work holidays, but that is the nature of the beast. ", " I loved working for the Apple Store. I would work with everything I loved and sold and troubleshot products and services I truly believed in that I used every day in my own personal life too. If I hadn't relocated to Japan to seek higher income, I would have been very content remaining an asset to this incredible company, however, free living and work in Japan was the only thing that got me to leave. ", " Apple Retail is like no other retail work experience. One will work with some truly smart and ambitious individuals. This is a great job for a college student with great benefits. The employee stock program has made a lot of the tenured employees very wealthy. A very fast-paced and ever-changing environment. The demand for the product is always HIGH!! ", " Apple cares about its employee's well-being as being vital to the company's success and growth. The employees are the best part of the company. Lots of amazing personalities and lots of creativity abound. While the atmosphere is fast-paced, the company takes care of its employees with extra time off, great benefits, and lunches during the busy seasons. The employee discount is great too! ", " Fun work place with supportive management. Not all about the numbers but how you personally grow and develop. Decent amount of red tape and politics, but this is expected of a big company. ", " Working from home has its perks , like no commute. But there is a flip side,you are always in the same environment, there is a disconnection between you and your co workers, this can cause the position to be more stressful than it is to start with. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Fast paced always fun and entertaining. Vast knowledge of tech and ios and osx operating systems. Great management. Understanding more advanced technological questions. The people that you work with and the people that you meet. ", " This was one of my favorite employers.  There was no \"typical\" day at Apple, and their commitment to train is unsurpassed.  Although it is corporation and chain, the experience was much more like a family owned business, and we were all family.  The potential for advancement was great, and there was training and support both personally and professionally should one need it. ", " I learned how to effectively manage people and production in an environment where policy, prodecures, and SOPs are constantly changing. ", " High pace environment, Great place to connect with customer and understand client excellence. Learned how to custom configure an interaction with a customer depending on the situation or options. ", " I am looking to get into management from engineering. I like my current work and challenges but need to grow in career and very much interested in product management. ", " Customer support for users with high value of the company and products is a great atmosphere to be a part of.   Due to Apple'c confidentiality I would prefer to adhere to my personal requirements and not make such public statements nor opinion that I am bound to in my NDA. ", " My typical day at work was started after my morning routine. I worked from home in my own office, and simply talked to customers through a headset. My preferred shifts were 4 10 hr shifts, so I could enjoy 3 days off. The hardest part of the job was sometimes the best part. I worked from home. Eventually I missed the interpersonal day to day that many work environments have. ", " Supportive co-workers, creative environment. I got to collaborate with many different department and learned a lot. ", " I learned a lot about myself, other people as well as more knowledge on Apple products. I learned how to communicate with people and to listen well in order to understand what people need and are asking for. I learned so many things about different people because Apple is extremely diverse. So many people come from different professional backgrounds with different ideas. ", " Very flexible and caring co-workers also higher management really cares about their retail employees. Leadership wants to help you grow and develop into a better well rounded person and is always there to help. ", " Customer traffic in Apple Stores can be massive. Often many times that of a Best Buy, but in a space 10x smaller. Employees are responsible for sales, loss prevention, customer service, light technical support, and stocking/floor preparation.   I personally learned a lot working at the AppleStore, but unfortunately missed the chance to get into management, and advancement had become glacial. Pay for the level of service and quality is not quite on par, especially given the cost of living in Portland. Benefits and stock options help, but still do not make up for the disparity.   Cowering are typically diverse and pleasant, though rarely up to the standard of expectations set forth by the job. Management is often complacent, to relaxed on the goals and requirements until crunch time, and doesn't hold out hires for people with proper skills or willingness to learn. Though the pay problem is a factor.   Working at Apple Retail was the only retail job I was interested because, I am familiar with the product and the quality. I was only comfortable selling the products and services from a company I understood and new was the best for the customers who's money I was taking.   Overall, the company culture and quality of products helped ease much of the job pressures. People attractive to Apple tended to be kind and interesting. Would work there again, especially if the above issues have improved since I've been gone. ", " Apple has an amazing culture and sense of community with its customers internally and externally. My typical day has a variety of job duties that I've always had the resources provided to succeed in my role. Working part-time while in school had been great however, now Im seeking full time employment. Apple retail requires open availability from 6am-10pm which isn't ideal for my personal work/life balance. ", " The people of this company make it what is is like most companies. The people are passionate and involved. The Cons start to surface when you start to look to advance. This company has some of the most disconnected recruiters I have ever dealt with. Internally and externally. It appears that they chase a quota or rely on the staffing companies to do most of their job functions. ", " This is one of the best companies in the world to work for. Hours are decent, benefits are outstanding and the people are great! ", " Great Company. Great Co-workers, Chaotic Atmosphere. Management unreliable. Horrible work/life balance. ", " Staff are great atmosphere is great, I learn't great customer service. Handling demanding customers can be tuff but it's great when you can help them out. I covered sales and basic trouble seeking there were opportunity's to change to different roles and career experience roles which are great. Many companies try to copy the culture but just   can't get it right. ", " Great place to work, exactly what you would expect from Apple. Management and culture is awesome and the compensation is the best in the retail world. ", " Wonderful supportive and passionate environment. Apple only surrounds you with the most knowledgable and caring individuals. There was considerable variation in tasks and little repetition. ", " Apple is a place where the sky is the limit. For those are motivated to learn and be challenged.  Regular duties include staying up on trends in technology and pop culture. ", " Lots of work and many different aspects of my job weather its convincing the customer our product are working fine.From replacing unit that have problems. Secondly I have learned that this company goes out of its way to please its customers. The management here is great. I have the able ability to make changes in the production process. We have a daily goal to achieve and we do just that. the people here are great. We have a diverse group of employees with good work ethics I love working here. Apple is one of the premier corporations with  new technologies every quarter. Apple is a world class company. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Very good company to work at. The employees are very friendly and very diverse. My only complaint is that the temperature in the buildings are super cold! ", " I am looking to get into management from engineering. I like my current work and challenges but need to grow in career and very much interested in product management. ", " I spent most of my time driving on the streets to repair or install computers. My typical day would start reviewing the work orders, calling customers, providing technical support, and ordering parts and generating a scheduled visit if needed. Co-workers were fun, management was very professional and supportive. Continuing education was abundant, and we were encouraged to take them for advancement. ", " I got to much expericne in apple inc for future jobs I learnd how to work in the united states cuz Afghanistan working was too much different ", " One of the best places Ive worked ever. Team wise, management wise. They really care about you as the person! The pay could be more but I have noticed the more skills you learn and can show, they meet up and discuss giving a raise ", " Frenetic environment where you are always challenged to innovate, strive for results and form strong bonds within a diverse team. New initiatives and constantly shifting goals encourage development and adaptability. I find it tough if we fall short on our duties or are unable to repair a customer relationship with the company. In enjoy getting to know my customers and providing varied solutions to a wide range people. ", " Informative, very busy and ongoing, interesting clients and a well known brand  Loved my co-workers, they were all excellent people ", " I've been at Apple for 7 1/2 years now. It's been really great to me, people there are fun to work with and the management teams are great. ", " You can give 150% to a company and do your best work!  You must also be very patient and think outside the box.  It would be nice to see more challenges pop up in your career here. ", " Meet fun people. Friendly environment to learn a lot in short time. Learn to prioritize different tasks and solve problems in a creative way. ", " It is a great place to work with ample opportunities to learn and grow as a professional. I have met some of the most talented people in Apple. ", " Really easy going fun place to work. Heavy on monthly metrics and meeting goals. Not much advancement opportunities in certain positions. ", " Generally quite busy with something new to always learn. That part is cool- Apple is at the forefront of the tech business!   Work/life balance for f/t employees (in retail) can be poor; split days off and usually no weekend days off, too. Pay is ok/decent for entry level retail sales jobs, but don't expect any big raises (all jobs are non commission, too). Management roles are paid a lot more than non; about 3X, but you really have a hard time balancing family and work. ", " I would answer calls from customers and trouble shoot there phone or apple device. As well as schedule appointments for them to take into store to get repair ", " Working for the Apple store was probably one of the best experiences of my life. Typical day at work was quick and painless due to the fact that the job was so much fun. What didnt I learn? With so many people from around the world and from different paths in life I think I was able to learn a little bit of everything. Management always had your best interests in mind. Coworkers were family. I dont think there was any bad blood between anyone who worked there.  Hardest part of the job for me was turning down support to those who didnt have a service plan or a one year warranty. I didnt like to do that but I had to. The company outings and meetings. They were rarely in store. They took place at different venues. ", " A typical day: answering phone calls from customers who have a technical question or needs help with there devices.  I learn a lot about different devices and how to help different customers in a variety of ways.  Management needs to be consistent and maintain a better relationship with employees.  Co-workers are helpful at times.  Hardest part of the job is being isolated in a cubicle all day.  Most enjoyable is the overtime hours and commission. ", " -earned useful skills -learned how to work in a team -marketing experience/skills -useful knowledge about software and hardware -good team -good salary and working hours ", " Competitive atmosphere, great peer work environment. Great benefits for Full time employees.  Apple currently offers competitive salaries and benefits, interesting projects, smart colleagues and a comfortable workplace. Of note is Apple's contribution to the 401(k) plan. ", " Hectic Environment to work . But gives a lot of opportunity to learn new technology and new areas of interests. Adopt to new technology and believes in quality of work. ", " The workers and management were all great at the Elk Grove building. The perks aren't great as far as swag but there is a cafeteria and they do sometimes giveaway old computers. The work can be stressful because I was in Customer Service. Some people can be mean. You can't let what customers say affect you. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " call center, always busy, and allows for a great opportunity to work for a large company. very knowledgeable in customer service because of this job. ", " Apple has set the bar for how companies should educate their employees. There was always time to develop and learn new skills. Management was always supportive and there for the customer and the employees. ", " I had a good feeling about being part of the apple family, when my managers made me feel comfortable and being understanding. being excited to come to work everyday is a pleasure. ", " You'll love working for this retail company it has the professionalism of the office with the pace and grit of an exciting new bar. Management is always looking out for you and your coworkers are young, smart, and hungry. The most enjoyable part of the job is putting a smile on the face of the person in front of you, whether its a coworker or customer. ", " Awful company, never get a full weekend off. If your internet goes down, it is up to to fix straight away, you wont be paid and can lead to disciplinary measures. If you like slagging off Microsoft and are a dedicated Apple fanboy, then maybe this is for you. ", " Lots of work and many different aspects of my job weather its convincing the customer our product are working fine.From replacing unit that have problems. Secondly I have learned that this company goes out of its way to please its customers. The management here is great. I have the able ability to make changes in the production process. We have a daily goal to achieve and we do just that. the people here are great. We have a diverse group of employees with good work ethics I love working here. Apple is one of the premier corporations with  new technologies every quarter. Apple is a world class company. ", " Apple is great for people who are completely absorbed in the culture of Apple. It has great benefits and employees you encounter are relatively good to work with, however, you CAN NOT be unhappy at any point. If you are, stay home and all out sick. The management has no time for people who are not smiling constantly, or basically people who live in reality. The stress at the store is above normal for any job. The customers are extremely trying at times, so it is almost impossible to keep a happy, smiling demeanor. If you enjoy Apple products, you get a decent discount, but do not expect anything for free, ever, except for an occasional t-shirt or wrist band. All in all, I would say this job is a great stepping stone. ", " Apple retail is an amazing place to work where you are challenged each and everyday. You are only required to be yourself, you are not tied to a sales goal or pressured to sell as much as you can. Instead you are asked to position relevant solutions that fit customer's needs. ", " The work environment is extremely diverse and well cultured. The management is wonderful with a great quality of people and supervisory ethic. ", " Great job and benefits. Great culture. Plenty room for growth and advancement. Management for the most part was great and easy to work with. The hardest part of the job was working holidays. The most enjoyable part was working with co workers and the customers. ", " Great overall experience. Strong emphasis on design and technology. Siloed culture, secretive, passionate people, often high hours for a tech firm. ", " A great place to work - smart people but watch for burn out - relentless activity but a lot of fun and smart people around you. ", " Retail is difficult as it is. I honestly believe that we aren't given what we deserve as employees. And diversity to be bold &amp; speak our minds is stiffed ", " My 3-year run working as an Apple Store specialist provided me the tools to grow as an individual both with the customer service experience as well as expanding my product knowledge and creative skill sets to further my interests. ", " Apple is fantastic company to work for. Great pay, great benefits. If you are working in a retail store, the only downside is the retail hours. Hours are all over the place and hard to plan a life around. However if you can put up with the hours, Apple offers lots of benefits and opportunities to move up an around the company. ", " As a customer service representative among 7000+ employees in the same job role, it take a great work initiative to stand out and advance.  Although I had a great work record and advanced to a senior advisor within 2 years, becoming a true manager of a team takes several years. Since this job role did not utilize my engineering experience, I decided to move on so that I might advance in an engineering company.  Apple was great and I was glad to be a part of their customer service team. ", " The co-workers/people you work with are often the best part.  Apple typically hires good people that are enjoyable to work with.  The problem is often management and expectations from the company itself.  Typically they want people who accept everything, question nothing, and think Apple is the greatest thing ever.  If you speak your mind, typically you won't go far because you're seen as someone that will cause trouble.   The health benefits are incredible, the pay is pretty fair.  Dealing with customers can be tough or incredible. ", " A thriving environment for the latest in innovation and technology.  Apple has a strong culture with its people and approach to its community and customers. ", " Everyday we assisted customers with whatever questions they had. Many were trying to figure out what to get and some had questions about the product they already had.  Learned a lot how to identified what was best for the customer. ", " Fast pace working environment and great learning opportunity. Apple is a nice place to work at and a great technology company. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple retail is like no other store.  People not only come to the store to buy things, but to return again and again to learn. Many personal and professional competencies will be learned and challenged while on the sales floor.  Multitasking, composure, business acumen, and interpersonal skills are a must have. ", " Rare is the opportunity that allows you to bring your knowledge to the table and express yourself-within reason. I spend most of my time talking about the products and helping people with issues. These are things that I would usually do if I am in a store as a customer. I like that this company encourages you to be personal with your customer. Every supervisor is always helpful and considerate. Great part-time job. ", " awesome company to work for. good management team. everyone gets to be themselves, individuality is the best part of working for this company. ", " Working for Apple is never boring. You're always working towards the next big thing, regardless of where your job sits in the corporate hierarchy. The opportunities for personal development are intermittent - they're often the first thing to be removed in busy times - but those that exist are better than any other company I've heard of. The people are simply amazing. Everyone you encounter will be kind, friendly, and interested in you and your work - because the company encourages people to build strong cross-functional relationships. It's simply a culture of community-building. ", " A typical day at work is providing customer service in a way that will help Apple create long lasting relationships with our customers. I have learned that communication is the very important in our everyday lives because we are all humans and interactions with one another helps keep the world spinning. The management here is very open to all your request and is willingly to push you to go that extra mile in your position. The hardest part of the job is when there is nothing to do, which will not be the case because they will keep you busy at all times. The most enjoyable part of the job is the co-workers and the people I get to interact with everyday. Everybody is having so much fun and really enjoying what they are doing. ", " If you are passionate about the company, is a great experience looks great in your resume and open doors. But low life balance. Many many many hours standing but the flexibility of Apple is one that you would not come across very often, tattoos, piercing, flip flops and very lay back clothing, colorful hair and you are not judge by appearance, I mean personal care is a plus, but very open about your looks, which I love... The only downside is that to get a transfer within the company is like been re-hired again, is very difficult and sometimes you wonder if is easier to quit and apply in another store or hold on tight. Different stores different management and the Millenia store in Orlando FL has the BEST management team. The store leader is exceptional and he is loved by many. ", " Travel between multiple retail locations, join multiple conference calls throughout the week, assist others in growing in their role and with the company. Select management is great and really assists with your development, others lack certain skills and do not always give the needed tools to succeed. Hardest part of the job is staying busy and managing your time productively in the slower seasons with very little direction. The most enjoyable part is finding success in your role by achieving your quota and seeing the growth in performance across your multiple locations. ", " I go to work to work. I learned that everybody work differently. My days are usually calm and peaceful at work. I don't really have much to say due to the simple fact that when i go to work i don't really worry about others trouble, i communicate with everyone like i'm supposed to and do my job as assigned. ", " I worked at Apple Computer Distribution Center in Charlotte, NC.  It was the greatest experience of my whole life!!!!!  There were approximately 60 people working in a brand new building.   The beginning of every day started with greeting the other employees.  We were like one big family!  I loved my work in Accounts Payable.  I had my own cubicle, which was quite spacious.  Of course, we all had top of the line computers and, if there was ever a problem, technical support was just a hop, skip and a jump away!  We had a lot of meetings and PARTIES!!!!  The company was always giving us apparel and other items from the company store.  Christmas was extra special at Apple!  We always had a company party where everyone received a gift and, also, there was a drawing for the big prize!  Then, each individual department had a party and each manager had his/her own party!  It seemed like it was never-ending.  On my last day of work before Christmas one year, the HR manager brought me a whole Honey Baked Ham to take home!!!  That was exciting!!!   But, the best part of all was they never ceased telling you what a great job you were doing and thanked you profusely!!!  What more can I say?! ", " Working at apple always felt different from anything I had ever done. Until then, I wasn't ever as excited to go to work. Surrounded by like-minded people and all types of people just so excited about being there and getting to experience the products for the first time.    The hardest part of the job was having to take care of a customer that had lost data/very important memories and couldn't get them back. because there isn't much you can do to fix that loss other than make sure it doesn't happen again.  But overall, a great store. Great team. and now with new locations opened up in the area, the volume has most likely evened out by now. ", " My experience has provided with me numerous skills such as working diligently in a busy environment, working with over one hundred employees as a strong and functional team, and interacting on a one-on-one basis with several customers to meet their specific needs.  I have dealt with many people of various backgrounds with a variety of concerns and made sure they left the store feeling happy and accomplished.  My goal is to break things down and make them easier for people who are not as technologically advanced as me. ", " The work environment is fast paced and enjoyable.  Everyday I perform audits to ensure everything from the previous day was processed properly, then check in inventory from the daily shipment, allocate parts for repairs, contact customers.  Throughout everyday I am constantly auditing and providing feedback and learning opportunities for technicians that made any errors in repair processes from the day before or the current day.  One of the best parts of the job was when I was given the opportunity to find innovative ways to make the repair room function better and be more productive. ", " a TYPICAL DAY AT WORK IS AWESOME...YOU HAVE SO MUCH SUPPORT BY YOUR SIDE. IT GOES BY SO FAST. OUR TEAM IS ONE OF A KIND..YOU FORGET YOU ARE EVEN WORKING. I LEARNED SO MUCH ...FROM 6 WEEKS OF TRAINING IN RETAIL, SALES, AND SERVICE, THEY DONT LEAVE YOU HANGING. THE CO-WORKERS AND FRIENDLY AND EVERYONE IS UP BEAT. I LOVE IT. THE HARDEST PART CAN BE DEALING WITH ANGRY CUSTOMERS IF YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO HANDLE IT. THE SCHEDULE IS ALSO LIKE IN BETWEEN HOURS. WELL MINE ARE AND YOU HAVE TO WORK AT LEAS ONE WEEKEND DAY. ", " People were very rude at job events. Arrogant people. Employees insulting job applicants at recruiting events.  Repaired Apple products at Apple Service Provider. Company didn't provide any pay which was illegal. Worked at service provider for 9 months without pay 50 hours a week. ", " Wasn't happy over all. Management was terrible and under-qualified. There was a terrible lack of communication between all teams which often resulted in release errors not being fixed for weeks. ", " I worked as an At-Home-Advisor. The training I received there was great. I learned so much about Macs and iPhones, even though I've been using Apple products for many years. The company definitely encourages growth, however expect you to master your role and exceed your daily metrics and performance goals. The benefits were great! But some of the customers you encounter can be extremely rude and difficult to deal with. The biggest drawback for me was the scheduling; not very flexible and ended up turning into a problem. ", " Retail. This job is all about retail. The work life balance was super interrupted by the fact that you work in a mall and must work retail hours.   Working for Apple Retail doesn't pay well unless you are in a management position. This is seriously the only reason working at Apple Retail isn't a great career option.   The people make this the best place in the world! Everyone loves working here and they love working with you! You are a vital part of the ecosystem and you feel it as you start each day/shift.  Being surrounded by so many intelligent/ eclectic/ creative and fun people make every day at work the best. ", " I liked Apple a lot. I wished I could of stayed there longer, but there was some problems with the bosses and it didn't work out. They loved me from the first day I started. ", " I worked for the company for several years under several managers, the ones that came from Apple were some of the best I ever worked with, the ones that were hired outside the company, Gap specifically, were not good at all, the focus was no longer the customer but numbers. The management is now more focused on their own execration through the company, and no longer the customer, customs focus will drive sales. ", " Fast paced and challenging environment for efficient technical support of a vast array of customer issues. The job requires to you be creative and constantly learning.   Fellow employees are very talented and intelligent. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple is a pretty nice company. Working for Apple no matter what position you are doing you get support from peers, great resources and trainings such that you do not need to be a techy to succeed in your role. The company knows that life is happening so they are very flexible and willing to understand your problems and support you the right way. The benefit is the greatest I have seen so far... ", " Learned a lot working with Apple. I really enjoyed helping clients with their issues when I could. If it was beyond my training I made sure to get the client to the right tech ", " Freelance editor to help them with WWDC. Worked with a great team of editors and engineers to meet our daily goals. Worked long hours but worth every minute being there. ", " - Great benefits - great work environment - great salary (especially for retail) - lots of peer support - lots of management support - lots of learning experiences and resources - opportunity for advancement - opportunities for \"career experiences\" in corporate roles, for retail staff (underutilized, apparently. go for it!) ", " Apple is a good company for people's career. You can find many positions in this company and it is not hard to change team and deparment if you want. ", " Willing to go to work everyday.  I learned a lot about corporation and coordination.  The management was excellent and had great co-workers.  For the first 7 years, I was in charge of HR, Payroll for over 130 staff.  On top of it, I was in charge of taken care of visitors from the corporate headquarter in the US.  I had to be a translator and event coordinator as well.  My day was full and I spent 1.5 hours each way to commute to work.  That was hard.  I really enjoyed working for Apple.  No complaint! ", " My experience at Apple was really good. When I accepted the job as Manager I was advised by a lot of people to refuse it but I still went with it. The training was full on but highly needed. Days are fully busy. To succeed at Apple you must be willing to work hard. If you're looking for a job that will pay the bills without pressure then it's not the place for you. If you're looking for a career, learning and developing yourself, if you're willing to put on the efforts to reach those goals then yes apple is the company that will facilitate the environment to do so. It remains the best company I have ever worked for in so many levels. Exceptions are rarely made and the strict code of conduct is applied to everybody to remain fair on all employees which is way better and different from all other companies I have worked for in Ireland. ", " You have not worked retail until you have worked at Apple Retail.  At Apple Retail you are ALWAYS busy which makes for very interesting days.  As an employee you are empowered to make decisions that are right for the customer.  Management always has your back! ", " Apple's culture has a laid back look and feel but underlying is a creativity and power of achievement that is a sight to witness.  Maybe thats why they are the trendsetters of today's interactive technology. Apple managers treat their employees very well and it reflects in the day to day teamwork between co workers.  My tenure was a 6 month assignment but the team in Apple is what kept me excited about going in everyday. ", " Typical day at work includes checking guests in our Ages system and making sure they belong on Apple property. We would turn away solicitors and anyone trying to drop off their resume. I would go above and beyond to provide them the information they need to apply, in order to make the guest feel as though we were not kicking them out of the building. We had to work closely with security to keep an eye on anyone that has been banned from Apple property. Management in my particular department was pretty amazing. My boss was very supportive on any moves I wanted to make in order to better my future. Most of my co-workers were with a temp agency rather than with Apple. Its a very friendly environment so I believe because of that it brought the best out in everybody. Hardest part of the job was advancement. A lot of my co-workers have been stuck in the same position for about 5 years or so even though they consistently looked for better opportunities within Apple. Most enjoyable part of my job was the connections I made with the guests and Apple employees. Its a good feeling to make someones day better with a smile and genuine care to do so. Also I utilized the gym on site daily. ", " While working at home everything is timed down to the millisecond and it starts to feel like your trapped in your own house day in and day out ", " Trained support staff and assignes staff to events throughout the campus. Designed plans for events and assisted when needed. Patrolled properties and assisted in all aspects of the job ", " I love Apple and the company has GREAT benefits. The At Home Adviser positions have good and not so good advantages. I have had 7 managers in under 2 years and out of all of them, I found that 2 were beyond great...the perfect people in the right position. However, a good number of people in management positions were not always the right people for the job.  The teams I was on allowed me to get to know more people, but having to start over in new teams every so often got to be a tad tiring.   There is a LOT of talent at Apple...people are passionate about the product (as am I) and that made for a good time. I also feel that because of the high level of secrecy at Apple, the training we got for new products or new roles was rushed, so there was always a \"trial by fire\" and that can really add to the stress levels. So for me, the constant stress level is one of the hardest aspects of the job role. ", " Working at Apple was great, you met some great characters both customers and staff. They really care about your progression and try to help out as much as they can. ", " Fun place to work and learn about Apple computers and software. Its not a company that is based on sales, but its a company that puts its drive behind customer satisfaction. The key thing to succeed in this company is learning how to speak clearly and effectively in a manner, that anyone, even the slowest learner, can understand you. How you feel towards your coworker depends on management. Like every place, if management is in order then the workload is equally balanced throughout all departments. If management is disorganized then surely work will be hard no matter how hard you work. ", " Working for apple was phenomenal, you truly learn a lot working for the company and meet a lot of interesting people.Management was easy to talk to, there was an open door policy which allowed employees to address their concerns if they had any. ", " Wonderful time leading a sales team at Apple. The people were what made the job so memorable, as well as the product. Integration of Apple products into people's lives helped them and we found what worked best for them. ", " Prepare to be micromanaged every second of your day. Also never spend holidays with your loved ones ever again. Because while most companies shut down for their employees, you'll be right there with the 7-11 employees working on Christmas Eve and Thanksgiving. ", " I absolutely loved working at Apple, even though it was only for a one year contract. The Apple culture was exactly what I expected and all of the people and managers were great to work for and with. ", " Working at Apple is one of the best things to ever happen to me. Not having a degree in IT they've launched me into this field headfirst and I thank them for sparking such interest and intrigue into the world of IT. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Very fun place to work! Amazing culture and great teammates- also great support from the company in general. Very fast paced and demanding, non stop before you even clock in and it is usually a struggle to leave on time. Hard to separate work and life balance due to nature of work and products that the general public has access to. Extremely hard to advance beyond Retail, the talent pool runs deep for the company so advancement is a struggle.  Depending on the management at the specific location and the traffic of customers at a specific location you may love it and last a long time or you may get burned out and worn out and not be able to maintain. ", " Working at Apple is very difficult and emotionally draining.  If you enjoyed High School, then working at Apple should a blast for you.  I did not enjoy working for Apple. ", " Typical Day   You log on at start of shift, you open chat room, you check email, you check schedule, you open ticketing system and phone system. You answer inbound calls, a typical call could range from 10 minutes to 1 hour. You will overcome lots of obstacles, client expectations, fears and criticisms. They expect Apple to work without fail. You will be warm, generous, helpful, understanding, insightful, offer complete solutions or escalate/xfer the call. The typical IOS end user is a novice with technology.   To perform under an immense amount of pressure, high performance expectations and to do so consistently.   Co workers are kind and helpful   The hardest part of the job is the irate customers  You will get great benefits, lots of perks, fun training, fun team, some of the best managers. It is a virtual environment so you will miss human connection, office parties and true team settings. ", " a fun place to work on. Opportunity to meet various of people and give great customer service. Also had chance to learn from other peers and challenges! ", " Always busy Fun products Learned patience, excellent customer service skills Great location Lots of good place near by Good Managers ", " Awesome experience, great people, diversity (multicultural environment: 30+ languages represented on site. Oh, and they also have 3 great kitchens at Hollyhill. ", " Colleagues are all very intelligent, driven and focussed; management expect innovation and self-dependence - they are not there to manage you, but the business - you should be intelligent and capable enough to manage yourself.  Don't think you're going to jump from a finance to a marketing to a sales role; the company believe in specialised disciplines... ", " Working at Apple was never a chore. The staff that I was able to interact with, all the way up to department VPs, was incredibly considerate and pushed the staff to follow their dreams, event if that wasn't with Apple. ", " The brand is well established and over-all an admirable company. As a whole will try to reward employee's as much as possible and give them as much incentive stay loyal. Which will keep some employee's as \"lifers\". However the day-to-day culture of such a fast-growing company comes with a stigma of \"enrichment\" which actually may mean \"entitlement\". Lots of in office politics and not much loyalty to the individual employee themselves. Working side-by-side with other employee's was worth while. Those who stood above you make you feel just that. ", " Good place to work with great benefits.  Work life balance and advancement can be tough, but most people stay for years.  Overnight hours at time can be tough as well as all the secrecy involved with new product launches.  Supportive upper management and overall great place to be. ", " Very fun, fast-paced environment with interesting people around every corner. Constant battle of who's going to keep the job and who's going home at the end of the week, not to mention the odd hours. No such thing as a \"perfect schedule\" just try to find time around Apple for your family cause they sure don't. Other than that though it's a really great opportunity for anyone looking for constant change, challenges, and really good pay! ", " Apple is overall a great company to work for.  Great environment, start-up company culture with continued growth and development. ", " It was a good company. the only thing I would change is the work life balance other than that it is a great company to work for. ", " Apple, Inc.  Annapolis, MD Towson, MD Bethesda, MD Columbia, MD  Great company, great culture, great benefits, poor compensation, poor advancement, poor work life balance. ", " Apple Retail is a wonderful company for people starting out that are hungry to learn and love a diverse work environment. There is however a very distinct line between Corporate and Retail that is very hard to traverse. IE, If you were going into Retail with the intention of eventually moving into Corporate, good luck. ", " Converse with customers with the most accurate information about products. Count cash drawer to make sure amount matches sales. ", " Great culture of people to work with. Surrounded by the latest Apple Technology and learning so much everyday. Good pay, benefits and perks.  For a retail job it doesn't always feel like a retail job. ", " Really enjoyed my time working for this great company. Thankful to the person whom recruited me and gave me the chance I actually still keep in touch with him. ", " I loved working for Apple! Everyone at Apple is very friendly and helpful. Apple is very goal oriented. The managers set goals that you must meet. I was a retail specialist, so I answered the phones for customers calling into the retail stores for like product information or inventory. ", " Everyone that works there knows and truly cares for each other.  It's the closest I've ever felt to any coworkers during any of my jobs.  Truly one of the best experiences I've had working. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I thoroughly enjoyed my time at Apple.  Co-workers were bright and hard-working and management gave me a lot of opportunities.  They let me review resumes and pick a few applicants I thought would fit into the culture.  I got to schedule employees weekly, but I also got to help run product launch days and help with the planning of those events...it was neat to see how much thought and energy goes into something of that magnitude.  I also helped out our business team, which at that time had one of those highest revenues in the company. I did data entry with them and constantly ran their numbers and helped with presentations.  The hardest part of the job was working some weekends and late evenings.  The most enjoyable part was the freedom that I got from my supervisors - they really helped me develop as a person and an employee.  It was a fantastic opportunity. ", " Great place to work but does not always follow through on promises. \"Work life balance\" is important to Apple in documentation but days are long and crowds are busy, so it always seemed the left hand didn't know what the right one was doing. Poor senior management in Canada in general. ", " A typical day for a boh specialist at Apple consisted of daily counts of inventory, shipping and receiving product, keeping the front of house stocked, bringing out product requests, assist customers to and from vehicles, and assist with sales in the front. I learned how to build lasting relationships with customers that would enter the store. Management was a great staff of people who each had their unique attributes to aid in growth within the company. My co-workers became a second family to me. The hardest part of the job was the holidays, but it was fun. The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to work with a great group of people. ", " A typical day will mostly consist of helping customers find the best solutions for there personal are business needs. Ive learned about while working at Apple around leadership and feedback. My co-workers love to have fun and help each other whenever possible. The hardest part of my job i guess would be around customers who expect you to give them solutions out or capabilities. I mostly enjoy the companies non sales approach around the products. ", " 8 to 9 hour shifts, helped out anywhere between 10-30 people a day  Learned about customer relations and support  Management was nice but had issues with verifying schedules and approving important dates  Hardest part was dealing with customer issues involving locked devices ", " Apple is overall a great company to work for.  Great environment, start-up company culture with continued growth and development. ", " Typical day at work was spent handling incoming calls for Apple Products. Solving customer issues and gaining customer trust in the brand.  I learned a lot about computers and tech products. Also helped me gain a much better understanding of the customer experience and how to recognize different types of customers.  Co Workers were motivated and great to work with.  This job was not hard. They made learning new things fun and helped you face challenges head on.  Most enjoyable part of this job was the customer experience. ", " Delivering world class customer service and creating a great experience for Apple customers (Apple Online Store). Listening, discovering, clarifying, recommending &amp; bringing solutions for Apple customers. Advising and tailoring recommendations to customer\u2019s needs. Tracking customer sales and supporting them using applications. Handling customer\u2019s queries and complaints via phone, email and chat. Scored top quality customer service results and exceeded Key Performance Indicator rates. Following up on customer queries on services provided. ", " While I have loved working at Apple, the retail level isn't a permanent home. While jobs like Target or Walmart are great for the high school/college kid who need something to last until they find a career, Apple Retail feels like it is for post-grads who just don't know what they want to do. I, myself, am someone who never got a degree and am happy with Apple as a fall-back. If I had a degree, I would not have been at Apple for as long as I have. ", " While the job is essentially retail, my role requires me to wear many hats and has allowed me to gain skills that will help me in not just my current role and job but in any career I seek.  The management has a very open door policy and allows you say want you want in a positive-intent environment.  Co-workers, while young, care about their positions and have fun at the same time. ", " It's great place to work. Co-workers are supportive. I learned to be work as Managerial responsibilities. Great Exposure to IBM &amp; HP hardware. Building Servers from Scratch. Hardest pat of job is dealing lot of phone calls on 24/7 support every day. Enjoyable part is working with lot of onsite vendors everyday. ", " This is a great job for work at home. They offer substantial pay increases when you do your job correctly. Also you are allowed to choose your scheduled when you are a top performer. Absolutely great benefits as well, as they offer medical, dental, life, 401K. You are compensated well.   Some members of management can be 'cliquey\" and tend to hire or promote their buddies. If you can stay away from those type of managers, you'll do well. ", " I work with different people everyday. I assist with technical support and recommendations on Apple products suitable for the needs of the consumer. I work with the greatest staff. We all learn from each other on technology, background, and culture. The hardest part of the job is working with various people. The demand for Apple products is extreme. We, Apple, do our best to assist customers on a timely basis and provide them with the essential information. The most enjoyable part of my job is meeting new people and creating wonderful experiences. ", " Fair place to work but it's basically retail. The hours aren't very good either and there isn't any direction to go.  It's hard to move around once your in Apple Retail. ", " Apple the fastest pace and product developmentally the most challenging. I loved working with all the Engineers and Steve Job too. The work was fun and I like to build new Mobile products. We released both the iPad and iPhone 4 and broke AT&amp;T's Network. We had so much demand for both products that the website and NI stopped working. Capacity had max out. It was a very exciting and fun environment to insure customer satisfaction on every level. Extreme attention to detail so that every product and feature released was a \"no fail environment\". ", " Apple is an innovative company that truly cares about every employee. I have been impressed by the level of employee development and opportunity for advancement. I've got amazing coworkers and caring managers.   I've learned to be a better critical thinker and have improved upon my ability to lead groups as well as coach individuals. ", " Never did the same job twice. Some days you are assisting customers in making purchasing decisions by providing informed information on key products. Other days, you are manning a station that is primarily set for handling customer troubleshooting questions. Other days, you are the phone operator answering calls and guiding requests to the correct correspondent. ", " Logging into the System and receive calls on various technical issues. I learned about Apple Products and how to assist and sell on-line. Settimg up and Troubleshooting on Apple Devices and Computers. Management was disastrous and incompetent for the Standard of Services I was used in other IT Companies. My co-workers, often recruited and selected casually but friendly. The worst part was having a Customer on the Phone and having a mentor shouting at you at the same Time. The best part was out of the squallid Offices, when I could enjoy the beauty of Athens. ", " My 3-year run working as an Apple Store specialist provided me the tools to grow as an individual both with the customer service experience as well as expanding my product knowledge and creative skill sets to further my interests. ", " I connect with people, and shine.  I create rapport with our internal and external customer effortlessly. I are very approachable and I use humor to put people at ease quickly.  While in a apple training session, I do my best to give the customer I individual attention and personalized service\u2014which helps them focus on their training in a store environment that could be distracting. The most enjoyable part about my job is enriching the customer life, introducing the customer to technology that will open other there mind to a whole new world. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", "  \tEnacted great customer experiences in any environment and invigorated by constant personal interaction.  \tDisplayed strong communication skills that enabled me to converse as freely and comfortably with small groups as with individual customers.  \tTrained new employees on steps of services for customers ", " Apple leads the world in innovation, working for corporate Apple proves that the company is both successful externally and internally. Apple continues to push you and your career development and strives to make learning as easy as possible. Great benefits and fellow employees. ", " Excellent team, great exposure, keeps you on your toes all the time.  No cons really apart from sometime getting too much work but if you love you work then its no issue. ", " A typical day at work, set up station to start work.  Work with co-workers to get started quickly. Help train new team members and set them up at their work station.  At apple I worked troubleshooting iPhones but I also worked as a Data Entry.  Moving from station when needed at times. As a Data Entry person you are responsible for submitting a count sheet to the lead.  I had to collect the count from others to submit it to our.  That was one of the hardest part of the job because we had to scan all phones coming to us at the end of the shift by a certain time and get our count in by then as well, but it was fun.  We always worked as a team to get our job done on time! ", " Great place to work as I was able to use my top notch technology skills and my human resources background/experience. I was also able to use my Spanish speaking skills on a daily basis. ", " The culture at apple is amazing. Benefits are great. Management is generally really good. I learned a lot of leadership skills. The toughest part of the job is that everyone want to work for Apple, so competition is fierce. Very hard to move up in the company. You have to jump through many hoops. Most enjoyable part of the job is working with inspiring technology and people. ", " Best environment to be in your 20s. Everyone are so supportive and willing to help at any moment. Management is about growth and development. If you are good, there is always room for advancement. ", " Busy day managing tickets and devices for an ever expanding site. Keeping abreast of new technologies to help you progress in your day to day work.   You learn a great deal in the way the organisation works and how to keep it ticking over. Training is mainly only available outside of work hours due to the sheer volume of work.   There can be management issues in any large company that grows this fast but in general they are supportive and approachable.   All in all its a great company to have on your Cv with some great benefits. ", " It was a summer job it was not on apple it was working with apple computer changing broken screens and cleaning the computer hard drive the job was in a school. ", " A job which everyday you have a vision and targets which become you more and more better in your profession. Challenges are always along the way that you need to surpass and achieve your goals. Lots of responsibilities which I really like as I feel myself very useful. ", " Fun and friendly working enviornment with supportive co-workers. Well-rounded training program before starting the job and up-to-date on-job training. ", " The calls are nonstop, but most of them are easy.  I was on both the iOS and the CPU side. iOS is much easier and where most people start. CPU was more entertaining as it required more thinking to solve the issues, but was still pretty easy.   Mandatory OT popped up occasionally but not often enough to be a real hindrance, normal OT was available almost always.   The place is all about metrics. When you get hired they say it's not, but it is. ", " I have learnt a lot from working with this company. It is a busy environment and fast paced. Although can be stressful at times, the support you receive from managers and coworkers enhances my skills and experiences. There may be times when it is hard to solve an issue, but if you are willing to learn, your peers are able to help you through. ", " The atmosphere is very draining. This may be similar in other call centers. The hours and the pay are the worst i've ever experienced. There is little room for advancement and if if you did advance the pay is still minimal and the hours don't allow for much of a life outside of work. ", " A good job for young professionals to begin growing skills and competencies. Room for advancement could be better for most individuals. Culture is great, pay is high for retail, but low for the level of excellence demanded of many roles. ", " The people you work with are pretty cool and management is nice, its just that the job is one of the most mind-numbing experiences known to man. It's repetitive and tedious with no visible ladder to climb (and it's contract work, so expect recruiter BS too). It's great if you're looking for a position that will hold you over until you get an actual career, but it's not a position you want to be stuck with, otherwise you'd loose your mind. Though, on the plus side, job security exists! ", " I enjoyed everyday at Apple, besides the launch dates. Those were very long days. They always provided the best foods and expenses didn't matter. ", " Apple Inc, was an excellent place work for. And the challenges there were limited to how much you wanted to learn. If the supervisors and managers saw something in you. You'd would be approached and asked, how would you like a team of engineers and start on a special project. This was awesome and challenging, because you didn't get to pick who you wanted. But it made you see what the managers see in a person from the outside looking in and see the strengths and weaknesses in individuals and help them into a direction that will help them to do better at there jobs and build there confidence. it's a satisfying reward all by it's self. ", " They are good if you want to work from home. Watch out for the fact that they will ding your attendance if you have downtime even if its caused by their systems and this does happen a lot. Also watch out as some managers do not follow by policy and do not pay your for 1/2 of your downtime like they are supposed to. Overall pay and benefits and swag are good. You'll usually get gifts from them about every month to two months. ", " Apple is a great place to work at. Always there is lot to be done so you are always on your toe. The work is challenging but its bit hectic here. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I love my job at the Apple Store, but I think that it is time that I get a big girl job and really explore all my opportunities. Apple is one of the best companies that I have ever worked for and hopefully I can eventually go to corporate. ", " Being part of Apple provides you with the opportunity to work alongside some of the most talented, creative and positive people. Every day you learn something new and your coworkers are there to support and you and help you develop.  The management team is always supportive and empower employees to make decisions when necessary.  Overall working at Apple is a great environment to be in. ", " Best experience as a sales representative and leader that I could have had.  Introduced me to leadership principles and ways to build better teams and embrace company vision. ", " This is a great company that really cares about the people that work for it. They go out of their way to make sure you have everything that you need. ", " Wake up, do your morning routine, and walk into your home office. Turn on your awesome two Macs and clock in and start taking calls. Usually you have around 7 different chat rooms open at once with other employees helping each other out, and also taking phone calls from live customers who call AppleCare. ", " There's no place else like it. Mysterious, Secretive, everybody wants to know what goes on behind the scenes, and i'll leave that up to the imagination to find out. ", " I love Apple. Would simply love to get paid more. The culture at Apple is very supportive. Their Retail Operations continue to try new and creative ways to provide customer all the benefits of owning Apple products and using Apple services. ", " At Apple you get to work with people who are really smart, but at the same time willing to help a colleague in any way possible ", " Easy going work environment. Great pay and benefits. Very hard to get into. Lots of nepotism, career depends more on who you know than the work you do, (just like anywhere else, wished Apple was different). ", " Great place to work and you gain new skills everyday. You find that while working at apple your ability to learn on the fly, deal with ambiguity, and problem solving skills are constantly being used and making you a better employee. ", " Apple was a great place to work, great people too work with always had something too do, a little strict on the rules of bringing in electronic devices, even if it was on accident. ", " This is a ice home job. the company i went through makes sure you are equipped with a Mac computer, Mouse, Keyboard, headset and phone to take calls successfully at home. you must have your own internet and phone line. BasicTalk is the best at a very low price. The training was informative and it taught a lot of how to operate the computer quickly. learning all the features and short cuts that will be helpful that Mac offers, then how to navigate through Applepedia to get all your information to assist customers. The calls are pretty easy to handle and a test is done at the end to ensure knowledge of the material in applepedia. the task varied from processing an online order to assisting customers with accurate shipping information about their product. By you working at home, the managers have access to take over your entire screen and with the camera given to you to chat in class, is used to see you as well if needed during work, only when log into the VPN. They are always assuming that you are not working, even being aware of all the computer of phoe issues that come about. having to restart your computer cause something in applepedia isn't coming up, or having to end a call because you can hear the customer but they cant hear you you voice sounds muffled, or trying to change your mac mini out with another they set you and still getting paid as they said you should do. other than that, the job, the hours are 24hours, plenty of overtime available, great customers to deal with, managers just are really hard at trusting and fire quickly because of not being able to prove their ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> theory just going off logs not actuality. ", " Learned from a multitude of people, gained excellent communication skills, and learned better time management! Professional and encouraging work environment. ", " Overall, Apple was a great place to work. They put so much time and effort into their employees and products its hard not to come to work passionate everyday. ", " We work long hours, but you'll be hard pressed to find a more passionate and intelligent group of people. It's a great place to work! ", " Overall, Apple is a great place to work! The environment is mostly productive and many people care about the work they do. ", " You're expected to take chances and innovate with simplicity. A fun workplace that supports work/life balance. Big company perks ingrained with a start up culture. ", " I worked from home for this company. Really great company to work for. I felt that the training was kind of long especially for the type of job. Its just tech support ", " Being a Manager in an Apple store is for the main part the most rewarding and interesting role I have ever worked in. I got to work with some amazing and talented people.   There is a real culture of making sure that you give feedback when needed and in a constructive manner. While also remembering that it is polite to always ask if its ok the give this feedback. This was a steep learning curve for me as I came from a very different industry previously. However feedback isn't always about something that needs to be done differently or better, It can also be due to that person do a brilliant job. By making sure that this structure is in place amongst a big and diverse team can be the difference between almost succeeding and always succeeding. ", " My time at Apple has taught me a lot in terms of how to align with people and learn the true value of leadership.  I started with Apple as a part-time specialist, and worked my way to Sales Expert.  It was a great experience in a sense that I didn't just work on my own success, but I started to spread that success to others.  I became a mentor to many and I inspired many to transform relationships and create owners that were promoters. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Nothing to complain. Loved the job. The training was easy and they had mentors that helped us along the way. There was always help when we needed it and it was easy to communicate with superiors. ", " The management team was great, the job was very enjoyable, the only thing that is hard is when you are hired as a temp you are at times left out when the company is doing things so sometimes you will be the only one left on the floor ", " While working for Apple Retail I provided insightful advice and friendly, hands-on technical support to Apple customers in need - quickly diagnosing product issues on the spot, explaining situations with patience and empathy. After determining whether repairs could be done or a replacement was needed, I offered solutions to quickly get users up and running again. When juggling more than one customer, it was very important to stay conscious of their time demands as well as my own.  Management was very helpful, and always kept a close eye on each employee's individual needs. My co-workers were extremely knowledgeable, well trained and always happy to help.  I really enjoyed working with customers coming in with an issue that led them to believe there was no solution to be found, yet upon leaving were up and running again and very happy with the service and outcome.  On extremely busy days it could be very difficult to handle the large amount customers in need of support. Yet with my previous experience, and the training Apple provided, there was never a moment where I felt that I could not handle the situation. ", " My typical day would be. Relaying daily goals to all staff members Training new staff on new products, sales techniques and how to give the best customer service. Close communication with UK Directors on our store progress. Closing the store and accountable for all bank work for the store.  What I learned  Time management How to get the best out of the people around you how to find ways to beat hard goals Think outside the box  Hardest part of the job When the store was quiet still trying to find ways to beat high goals   most enjoyable part of the job seeing everyone enjoying their work environment seeing people use your training techniques effectively ", " Wonderful place to work, Great co-workers, understanding management.  Basic day consist of sales as well as conducting a workshop class as well and diagnosis of phones and other mobile devices.  The most enjoyable part of the job is helping the customer get that perfect device that they were looking for. ", " The communication between management and non-management employees is moor than adequate. There is training almost weekly in order to  stay abrupt with the ever changing tech market. ", " I like had benefits, good job security and the pay was good. I also that I met people that cool to talk during my breaks. I also like the break room area it's very nice and clean. the  seurity there is very tight and they watch everything that you do and making sure that your not cause no problems. ", " Keeping it short, this is a great company to work for, but it will take precedence over many things in your life.  If you like people and socializing, this is not the place for you (at least the at-home positions). ", " Very competitive workplace with a strive for the best customer service that a customer has received. Inbound calls helping and resolving customers issues. Very supportive peers and fun to be around. Management shows favoritism though which makes it hard to advance. No real hard part of the job and peers were the reason to go into work. ", " Working for Apple, Inc. has opened many doors for me. It was my first job out of college and I enjoyed the company culture and believed in the products I was marketing and selling. ", " Great corporate culture but getting seen in a giant pool is tough and new management is recruited from their managements own friend groups instead of it being merit based. ", " Apple Inc is a growing company that offers a lot of growth within. I loved the high volume calls because it kept me busy until the end. There were always management willing to help in the time of need. I would definitely recommend this company to anyone looking for growth. ", " Very energetic work environment, Great business to work for. Leader and management employee friendly. Great pay and benefits package. Location access very good. Promote from within. ", " no life balance good company advancement is only available in certain locations ", " Apple is an amazing place to work, the management is dedicated to the development of each and every employee and has helped me progress as a person and as an employee. I learned both people skills, and personal development. ", " Apple's vision of leaving the world better than we found it is evident in its stores and in the people hired to work there. A committed group of people working together to inspire and innovate and to transform and impact lives. ", " Salary is competitive. It is a good starting Job with base salary. There is opportunity to grow and explore different options. Peers are great and it is a great ambient to work in.  ", " A typical day at work with consist of about 20 chats or more depending on day or volume with customers ranging from all kind of backgrounds due to the support being international. I have learned many aspects of Apple especially on how to interact and resolve all kinds of technical issues with all of Apples OS X, iOS and Account Security. My co-workers are very supportive and fun to work with. The hardest part of my job for me is to have to sit for 10 hours and not be able to learn new and exciting things but the do the same routine on a daily basis. The most enjoyable part is the people I get to chat and interact with on a daily basis. ", " Getting up early in the morning was a challenge. It was hard for the first time, getting 5 to 6hrs of sleep every week days. When I started working at Apple, I've learned every aspect, every details in the warehouse. I've learned how to process warranty and adding information to the system. Every Apple products returned by the costumers are highly different. The warehouse is 100% secured and I understand because its a big corporation with technology. Everyone of my co-workers are nice and diverse. We smile, laugh and having a good time. The hardest part of the job is working more than 10hrs a day (Overtime). Now, the average hour at Apple is less than 40hrs a week. No more overtime. I enjoyed working at this job, I just like to keep myself busy everyday. ", " A typical day at the Apple Store isn't typical at all. There's something new to encounter everyday there. New challenges, new experiences, it never gets old or monotonous. Learning there was a huge part of working for me, given that this was my first ever retail job. Therefore dealing with customers everyday and learning there personal needs and then trying to meet them was quite the challenge but yet enjoyable. And you could always count on your co-workers and store leaders to help you whenever you needed it. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple Retail is still retail. There's no way around it. Each store is rife with petty politics and conflict as managers vie for their domain. It often internally loses the culture that Apple strives so hard to create. ", " What I enjoy about Apple is the culture.  The company thrives off of staff being different and creative.  During my tenure at the company, it is more-than-okay to not know all the answers, but to find a way to get it. ", " I was able to take care of customers in Italian, Spanish, English and Portuguese.  Sold in excess of $1.2 million yearly.  Pay was only 24k yearly, which was less than 2% of the revenue generated by my sales. ", " Basic retail job in a specialty store offering Apple products and accessories. Go through a lot of different \"stations\" per shift ranging from mobile cashier to assisting customer setting up their devices. Hardest part is always convincing customer the benefits of purchasing Apple products over other platforms and why. Co-workers are always very helpful and work exceptionally well as a team. Most enjoyable parts are the rewarding reactions from confused customers that now have an understanding of the products they are purchasing and the encouragement of your fellow staff and management ", " Its good if u permanent employee..else no good. Technical aspects are good but poor work life balance. Extended hours on daily basis. Unrealistic dead lines. ", " Apple is a great company to work for. The Apple culture is fun and provides incentive for advancement. I feel like I have job security and opportunity for advancement and most importantly I feel like Apple does care about our customers and we try our best to assist and satisfy them whenever we can. I start my day taking calls and end taking calls with ample breaks and lunch time. the only negative I can think of is not unique to Apple but that is that there are bad seeds in every bunch including teammates and management. The hardest part of the job is when someone else makes an issue worse than it needs to be and make the resolution more complicated than it needs to be. The best part of the job is being part of one of the largest and most successful IT company anywhere. ", " Working from home is great, but does require a lot of self-discipline. As long as you are comfortable motivating yourself, this is a great job! It does require technical knowledge, and customer empathy. ", " A full day at apple will go really fast since there's so many people to help that keep me busy all the time. since i stated at apple i learned to do good customer experience to customer, leaned more about the apple device and also was trained in California to repair apple produce. the best management team so far in my career life and really helpful and nice coworkers. the hardest art of the job is sometime maintains couple hundred of the customer that visit the technical department and the fun part of it that no one in the place looses the cool and keep helping customer as every customer is their first customer. ", " Company Based in Hollyhill Cork Working on Latest Apple Products  12 hours shift Work Changes every Month 5 Lines in Operatation Plus a Servers Line. ", " i used my english degree and spoke on the phone with people having technical dificulties on their newly introduced at that time i-phone i really enjoyed that job ", " Typical day at work was hectic , the work environment never had any consistency.  Learned technical support techniques. Management is very unorganized and not very helpful.   Co workers were the best , everyone worked together to help each other.  Hardest part of the job was not being able to get help from management or proper resources.  Enjoyable part of the day was down time. ", " I enjoyed working at Apple in the Steve Jobs era. Since the passing of Steve, the company has started to go down a path I'm not that passionate about. I value my time spent at Apple and will take the great knowledge they gave me to whatever I do next. It's just time for a change. ", " Apple is the leader in high end computers, phones, etc. Their company's culture is consistent in every store. Their hiring practices are uniform and competitive. Management is great and professional. The benefits are incomparable to any other company. ", " Answering call and walking customers thought various troubleshooting steps to figure out the issue that are currently. ", " Working at Apple is an experience. They cultivate learning and improvement and don't take failure as an option. There's ample room for upward mobility. Everyday is a new experience. ", " Great work campus. Career benefits and advancement. Educational program support. Stock is great. Great for the economy and community. ", " Great place to work and teach - terrific team members and management. It can be a challenge, but there are great resources to make the day amazing! ", " Although apple has a multi billion revenue-It doesn't like to share that with there employees.  People are on all different pay which leaves you feeling very undervalued. ", " I help people find solutions for their problems with Apple products. Usually worked in the iPhone area of the store and was Top 10% in selling Apple care to customers. ", " This was one the best jobs I have ever had.  The typical day at Apple, there was none, each day was very different from the next.  I learned so much in such a short amount of time.  I learned how to approach customers without seeming pushy. What made the job so enjoyable is that I got to work with other people that where passionate about the same thing I was passionate about,  Apple products. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple isn't for everyone. It's a stressful job, with terrible management. But it pays well, and the co-workers were amazing. I met some of my favourite people in the world while working there.  In a week, we would see over 50,000 people come through the doors. All of whom were looking for something different. You had to remain calm, and remember everything about all the staff members and their knowledge, while remembering the information of the product.  Plus, the job was always changing. And the products were always changing. You would have to take the initiative to learn something new every day. ", " The people you work with are pretty cool and management is nice, its just that the job is one of the most mind-numbing experiences known to man. It's repetitive and tedious with no visible ladder to climb (and it's contract work, so expect recruiter BS too). It's great if you're looking for a position that will hold you over until you get an actual career, but it's not a position you want to be stuck with, otherwise you'd loose your mind. Though, on the plus side, job security exists! ", " Working as a home advisor at Apple care a typical day at work includes, handling inbound calls for tech support issues customers whom have issues with there Apple devices ranging from ''how to's'' to ''account issues''. We are required to train by use of skills modules, weeky to keep up with changes in sofware and product knowledge. The hardest part of the job is being home and not being face to face with customers and co-workers. The most enjoyable part of the job is when faced with a difficult issue,using product knowledge and troubleshooting steps to gain a resolution In a way that ''Wows'' the customer makes my day. ", " A full day at apple will go really fast since there's so many people to help that keep me busy all the time. since i stated at apple i learned to do good customer experience to customer, leaned more about the apple device and also was trained in California to repair apple produce. the best management team so far in my career life and really helpful and nice coworkers. the hardest art of the job is sometime maintains couple hundred of the customer that visit the technical department and the fun part of it that no one in the place looses the cool and keep helping customer as every customer is their first customer. ", " Apple is a good company to work for. The customers are happy and the advisors such as my self is very experienced. ", " not enough hours, being over worked. im a team player,but i wasnt called out for accomplishments, which made me question the company ", " Working at Apple was great. It was a fun and relaxed work environment with great benefits. I learned a lot about Apple products and technology, but also customer service. ", " Fast paced, dynamic envionrment with steep learning curve. Brilliant co-workers and great ground breaking technology. Cant wait for the new developments in hand held electronics. ", " Fast Environment  Access to learn and develop skills Grow on your own in a team setting Awesome Benefits for all! ", " In the corporate world, everything is great. Great work environments and lunch is fantastic food for a small cost.   Retail world is great too. The hours and some of the management are terrible but the other people you work with make up for it. ", " very busy retail work with very odd hours thrown in and the usual retail downfalls of very busy holidays ", " Any jobs within this company is a privilege. They challenge and build amazing skills in their employees. Working for a company like this you must have a passion for the products and the customer experience. You will make long lasting relationships and enjoy the time you spend with this company! ", " Apple has the most positive culture of any place I've ever worked. A lot of freedom to improve procedures and programs brings about real and creative change to the workplace. ", " Apple Corporate is a fair and fine place to work. Apple Retail should be thought of as a separate company that has all the downsides of other Retail Giants.. ", " Interesting workplace with little communication from management, tasks are very ranging, making the days adventurous and engaging, hard to get overtime when tasks come in 15 minutes before end of day and informed it will be turning in roughly 5 hours. Co-workers are very interesting, with different views on how task can and should be completed considering no directions were given. makes for a most engaging encounter. Hardest part is never knowing what you are working on, you only get a piece of the puzzle, and extremely limited information. only informed when something is not done to managements liking. But the reward is being part of something larger, being the person who put personality and function to something that would of not been otherwise. ", " I love Apple! Working for this amazing company has blessed me in more ways than I could imagine. The culture at Apple is like non other! ", " Apple's a great place to work if you want to keep current with what's happening in the world of Technology. You'll be the first with hands on. You'll have the experience of working with people from all parts of the planet. You'll learn how people are using their technology to perform jobs you didn't even know exist.  The coworkers are very helpful and very creative. On the downside, Apple has a policy of hiring part-time rather than full-time. Recently Apple has been cutting down on long term full-time employees and replacing them with part-time. Part-time benefits though good are limited.   Stock prices tend to increase quicker then employees income and limit the ability for employees afford to purchase. The value of Apple stock is great if you're able to invest. I do recommend at least trying to purchase it. Stock is much more affordable if you're in management.  Pay increases tend to be smaller then the efforts performed. During evaluations you reminded that Apple is retail environment \"the pay better and the rest of the mall\". You're treated as one of the many during pay evaluations and a large part of your increase is based on store results more then your own. Apple is more likely to hire 10 part-time employees before turning five current employees in to full-time.  Average lifespan of an employee is 2 to 5 years. the hardest part of the job are the hours. Hours very and you have to be available for any shift seven days a week.   The most enjoyable part of the job is meeting new people every day and helping them make quality decisions that may have a major impact ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> in their lives and careers. ", " Great benefits.  Increase in competition is clear, but the culture remains strong ", " Lot of innovative interaction, fun, but always room for improvement ", " Income and benefits were great...Very demanding. Would work here again. Don't recommend if you have a demanding home life. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Fun work place with supportive management. Not all about the numbers but how you personally grow and develop. Great culture of peers with the same goal, to create an amazing experience for the customer. ", " Great working environment. Managers were really great to get along with. Little opportunity for advancement and little pay. Work hard but not many incentives. ", " Apple overall is fine but the call center system is just not for everyone, and apple costumers are the worst about 60% of the time, and are often unwilling to work with you on anything instead just wanting their issue to be magically fixed. ", " I liked Apple a lot. I wished I could of stayed there longer, but there was some problems with the bosses and it didn't work out. They loved me from the first day I started. ", " Apple is a great company to work for.  The culture created at the store level is one that is supportive and challenging.  The management understands the demands placed on the workers so there is always someone in your corner. ", " It depends what dept. you are in. Within our department there was no advancement possible.  Overtime pay was good but you had to work overtime to get a decent salary.   Our department was micro managed because we were home based. ", " A typical day at work consists of assisting accessibility (vision and/or hearing impaired) and non-accessibility callers with their iOS devices. On a daily basis, the team members will help one another out when a problem they are having on a call cannot be fixed on their own; teamwork is strongly encouraged and vital in this position. The team of managers in the iOS division are always pushing their team to reach full potential. The hardest part of the job is the volume of callers, but helps to maintain a rapport with customers, as well as keep focus on the task at hand. The most enjoyable part of the job is the sense of accomplishment by resolving issues which customers feel to be impossible. ", " I enjoyed each and every day that I was employed with Apple Computers. Each day was different which made it exciting. I learned so much about the Brains of a computer, and how customizing them is differently essential. Management was great, the classes, the teachers, made learning fun and enjoyable. All of my co-workers were there to help every step of the way, which made my learning easy. The hardest part of my job was leaving, the company moved and distance was further than I was willing to travel. I most enjoyed receiving calls from clients that wanted items that I hadn't had the pleasure of ordering or wasn't sure of, this broaden my knowledge. ", " lack of permanent roles due to lack of support lack of pay - underpaid no one stays long the gadgets are cool but you get no discount    treated badly like very apple worker across the globe. ", " I worked from home as an AppleCare Advisor. The training was informative, my manager was attentive, and my coworkers were awesome. A typical day involved signing in to a computer and phone then taking calls from people with computer issues. This company has great benefits and competitive compensation. ", " Best place I have ever worked for. plenty of opportunities for growth and learning. the job is exciting and fun. Management is talented and fun to work with. Plenty of talent around the company ", " During my time working for Apple it was a very fast pasted job. I had learned a lot from the leaders and other co workers. The company really cares about the employees and made sure what we needed during our time working there was taken care of. ", " Apple is the most amazing company to work for.  It's unheard of for a company to care about your development the way that Apple Inc does. ", "  \tMultitasked across systems and applications, analyzed and resolved a variety of complex technical issues  \tPrioritized and managed time, because we work independently from home, displaying discipline and ability   to work remotely with coworkers and management  \tProvided technical assistance to iPhone, iPad, iPod and Mac users   \tResponsible for handling the most difficult or advanced problems  \tResponsible for not only assisting both Tier I and Tier II personnel, but researched and developed solutions to new or unknown issues.  \tResponsible for designing and developing one or more courses of action, evaluated each of the courses in a test case environment, and implemented the best solution to the problem ", " The typical work day is continuous Macintosh software and hardware troubleshooting. The hardest part of the job is keeping up with all the current troubleshoot steps and processes. ", " Apple is a great place to learn about technology and to work with amazing people....and build not only knowledge but a friend base that will last a lifetime. ", " Apple has a highly competitive enviroment that encourages a healthy work life balance. The company provides transit and inexpensive, high quality food. ", " The team which I had the privilege to work for was absolutely amazing. Work was time consuming but being able to help people in every day tasks was worth it. ", " The reason I stayed for as many years as I did was because of the people I worked closely with. The company itself hides behind its \"credo\" as uses it as a cope out to just about everything. It really isn't any different than the other big companies out there. Sure, their products are superior, but the way they treat their employees is very sad.   The hardest part about my job at Apple was the work/life balance or lack there of. The schedule (at least at the retail level) is only given our two weeks and has you scheduled as early as 7am and as late as midnight (during holidays) and anywhere in between. You are \"encouraged\" (aka forced) to work weekends. I was forced to work sundays regular even though I needed the day off for religious reason. Even after contacting HR about that issue, nothing permanent was done about it. My management \"team\" was a joke and was as inconsistent as they come. They rarely made decisions together and were always contradicting themselves.  At the end of the day, Apple views you as a number rather than a loyal employee. They will not show any loyalty to you but will time and time again lie to you that \"their most important resource, their soul is their people.\"  The most enjoyable part of my job was the fun people I worked with on a daily basis and, of course, some pretty sweet discounts.   I would not recommend anyone work for Apple at the retail level unless they are in school. It is not a career move for anyone and the chances of moving up in the company are slim to none. ", " You're never bored in the QA department at Apple. They are always evolving their products, staying busy is a constant, lets just say your workplace will never be boring. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Work culture is different and enjoyable but bit of pressure too... Lots of benefits. Learned a lot from my internship. Manager was cool and guided me a lot for proper outcome. My team is awesome. ", " Line meeting to organise what amt. had to be produced for that day. Learned to use all types of machinery,computers, Management treated you well and respectfully, they didnt treat the g.o.'s as lesser than themselves, it was very much an equal setting place were you could go to the supervisor with any issues either good or bad and would be treated fairly.  I am still great friends with ex co-workers from Apple up to today, While we worked hard, we always had fun while doing it. great place to work,  I missed working there but redundancy was offered then and I had a young son at the time and I was missing out on so much of his early years that I felt at the time I would prefer to dedicate my time to raising him and took that opportunity of redundancy to do this. ", " A typical day at work involves mentoring my assigned team of 10-15 Senior Advisors, creating or delivering workshops to other Apple employees, and evaluating the quality of random technical support calls before offering expert advice to both advisors and managers alike. ", " Energetic job with good benefits and environment. Hardest part of the job was to remain serious because the atmosphere was laid back but the customer service skills needed to be at its best, and im all about having good customer service skills. ", " i love the environment great people advancements and alot of growth i would recommend this job if your looking fro grownh and development . i like customer service so its perfect for me ", " A typical day involves getting a review of daily news with the team, making sure everyone is on the same page with new product info, and then...talking with people! It's all about communication. With the customers, with your fellow employees - it's about how you interact. Management is there for you, but empowers you to make the right decision on your own. The most difficult part of you day will be running into unfamiliar situations, but that's when you can lean on your resources for assistance. The most enjoyable part of working for Apple is the people! You'll make long-lasting friendships and be a part of one of the greatest companies in the history of the world. If you like people, definitely give Apple a look! ", " Apple throws a lot at you, but it allows you to grow and develop into a tech expert.  The hours were good, but advancement seemed to be an issue as it seemed as if progression was stagnant for much of my time there. ", " The place started out as an interesting place to work, it was amazing to meet new people each day and help them with their products. Unfortunately, I quickly learned that Apple is not a place to start a career, when there is so much corruption when it comes to advancing. This place relies on sucking up to management to advance, there is no professional atmosphere. I seen and heard many unprofessional conduct from managers getting away with switching out their beaten products with new ones to managers harassing other employees. I find it disgusting that a place that strives for equality in a workplace is so discriminating to employees when they want to advance, if you want to pursue any career in apple, you quickly learn it's whose butt you can kiss and that managers are useless and do what they want; there is no supportive structure, the managers will gang up you, if you speak out against them. They will put their favorites in newly opened positions, while employees that been working their butt off for years are left in the dust. Coworkers can not be trusted, they will smile with you then go behind your back to management to tell them lies so they can get the heads up to the newly opened positions. The only reason I'm still there is it's difficult to find work. I recommend any individual who is trying to built a career and wants to treated with respect and appreciated for their work, should stay clear of apple retail. The place will break you, take up all your free time, abuse working hours, and leave you wishing you never took a sip of the apple coolaid. ", " Typical day at work for me is simply following protocol and making sure customers are more than satisfied. I have excelled in communicating and working with customers to help them with their needs. The management that I have learned from trained me to be a employee that makes a difference. The co-workers that I have worked with has helped me to work with others more efficiently and productively. The hardest part of a job is making sure that multiple tasks are done correctly. The most enjoyable part of a job is making a positive difference in a customers life, everyday. ", " There is no dull moment in Apple store. Once the store is open people flock inside the store to get an appointment or get to know the latest craze in town for technology. Being with Apple for almost 3 years is such a rewarding moment for me, everyday you learned new things and meeting interesting people along the way. We, as a team, we rely on each other. I can say that Teamwork is the key word for us. Our management always making it sure that we know the business acumen and whats our main focus for the day. They are always there for you whenever you need someone to talk to even on a stressful day. ", " Before the iPhone, the apple store was all about customer service, not swapping devices. We used to be encouraged to take our time and really, actually HELP people. Now its all about multitasking (working with more than one customer at a time) and staying on time. Management lets the flood gates open and we cannot keep up. I'm pretty sure they get bonuses when certain traffic criteria are met. Its like working at a super busy restaurant whose dinner rush never stops, ever. Honestly, its a good experience to have worked for the number one market cap company ever during some of the most historic events in company history (iphone, ipad, the coming and going of Steve, and much more) but things have changed for me to the point I no longer love what I do. ", " Apple was a great place to work and learn how to run a large business with a lot of demands on a day to day basis.   A typical day at work was never the same as the day before. You were always faced with a new challenge and you learned to deal with ambiguity on a regular basis.   Management was overall good and very collaborative. We each had different skill sets and could partner with each other to grow and develop  The hardest part of the job was dealing with the factors that could happen at any moment with systems crashing or new product launches that you get little to no preparation for.   The most enjoyable part of the company for me was the people you got to work with. There was an abundance of talent, creativity and quick minded individuals that you could learn from. ", " As a Creative at an Apple retail store, I am responsible for performing multiple training sessions through out the day.  In this setting, I work one on one with the customer, developing their skills in subjects from an introduction to their product, to Apple Professional Applications.  I also conduct workshops, which enables me to work with a group of people, creating curriculums on the spot.  Apple\u2019s training, both in store, and out of store, has majorly developed my public speaking skills, and my ability to convey technical information in a more simplistic form.  Part of my job is not to just teach someone how to use an Apple product, but to be able to teach themselves. ", " I would assist customers if any and all Apple device needs. This ranged from software trouble shooting, hardware replacement, or providing general knowledge of products. I learned about all there is to know about Apple products and how to fix them. I also learned superior skills with regards to customer service. I can work any every Apple product either software or hardware. The management was very flexible and allowed me to do my job and support customers. My fellow co-workers were amazing, they all had specific talents and high knowledge of Apple products ranging from general information to expert skills. The best art of the job was being able to help people out that were frustrated with products and enabling them to better understand the product. ", "   Promoted and sold APPLE CARE PROTECTION PLAN services to the customers adhering to Company regulations.   Executed promotional initiatives and strategy to profitably increase utilization.   Communicated with target audiences and managing customer relationships.   Objection handled &amp; closed sales using a consultative approach which advises customers on the range of products available and sells in the best fit for them.   Delivered personal and team sales target as per sales strategy.   Captured customer data accurately and input it to a CRM/DB platform.   Received various trainings as directed by FSA legislations for financial services.   Behaved in an ethical and professional manner at all times, taking an open and honest approach.   Had a High Amount of Positive Feedback from customers. ", " From the time that we sign in using the computer based time clock, to the time we clock out using the same system, I am taking inbound calls concerning accounts and general information. My clients rely on me to retrieve accurate and relevant information. I have a supporting management team that I can rely on for support and information. My coworkers are an invaluable asset,  with a well of resources. Throughout the day I am challenged with multi-tasking and even wearing many hats (as needed, taking over other supervisorial and management duties).  Though my average day is fast paced and extremely challenging, I am consistently and genuinely rewarded with my work environment, duties, and interaction with my clients/customers. ", " The best thing about my day as a business manager with apple  is things are ever changing.  My day never seems to look the same and I always have alot on my plate.  I love the challenge.    I have learned a great value of effecting behaviors to get results.  I believe too many managers just look at the numbers and don't see the value of effecting the behaviors which will result in a numbers change anyways.   I do enjoy my work.  I only put my resume out because I believe my compensation could be alot more out in the market.  Most business managers I know that have left Apple are in the six  figure range.  I am putting myself out there to see if that is possible. ", " A typical day at work would be helping and resolving customers queries. I learned a lot of things at Apple, such as having a strong verbal (phone/mail/in person) communication skills utilizing active listening and clearly speaking to customers. How to deal with issues that I would not be expecting for and take instant decisions, without making mistakes. Either management or co-workers were friendly and together we were a collaborative and supporting team. The hardest part of the job would be unusual situations which required more time to resolve the issues and make customers wait more longer than expected. Dealing with a worldwide most desirable gadgets. ", " A typical day at work as a Genius meant you had a lot of tasks ahead of you. There were several computers that were ready for repair, several that needed troubleshooting, some that needed to be tested, and hundreds of appointments at the Genius Bar. The hardest part of the job was keeping cool and collect at the Genius Bar while crying, and yes, literally crying, customers would bring their computers in that had failing or failed hard drives that usually resulted in data loss. I'm proud to say that I have helped several customers retrieve data that they had, or believed that they had, lost. The best part was getting to help those people, and the managers giving you the leeway that you needed to be able to help them. ", " I worked at apple for 7 years  your average day at apple is very busy and has lots of work you always have something new to learn but also if you get the chance, a lot of different things to do from sales, to tech work to training.  i learned so, much more then i thought i would.  management was good in most aspects but in many cases they are doing what they told from above so they can't to much for you which makes things bad. co-workers are great and amazing people some or the best friends and people to know. hardest part is the people (aka) the customers they are very demanding and the time, you are pull you so many different ways. the people is the best part and all the great stuff you get to work with. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Easily the best retail job had. Sales expertise required, but social skills and intelligent conversation are the true weapons of this work environment. ", " I work with an amazing group of people. I enjoy communicating with customers &amp; helping them find solutions. Management is okay. ", " Apple retail is like no other store.  People not only come to the store to buy things, but to return again and again to learn. Many personal and professional competencies will be learned and challenged while on the sales floor.  Multitasking, composure, business acumen, and interpersonal skills are a must have. ", " Exceptional leadership at the helm. Excellent training &amp; development provided. Rewarding to create environment that is bigger &amp; better than all of us.  Enormous satisfaction to be able to serve others to mentor to succeed. ", " Working for Apple, you will be very well compensated and you'll earn every cent of it. The 40 hour work week does not exist there. ", " I learned alot about IPhones that I did not know before I started the job. My coworkers were very helpful. The hardest part of my job were the hours. It was kind of hard leaving at 6am and going to sleep at that time. ", " Great experience thus far, i have no complaints it's been an awesome opportunity for growth and development, the work environment is suitable and welcoming, co workers are a pleasure to be around, management is always willing to hear feedback from the rest of it's team, i wouldn't say there is a hard part of the job but like any work place it has its disappointments, the most enjoyable part is being able to be apart of the team. ", " Apple is an amazing company but the management does not give you the tools to help you grow as a worker.  The apple culture is not shown in this particular store. ", " Working for Apple is an extremely great opportunity. You gain experience that you will not be able to gain elsewhere. The company itself offers great benefits and compensation. Sadly the work schedule can be a bit of a drag but the perks make up for it.   The experience is also depended on what store you work for. The specific store I worked at was great in the beginning until they made changes to the upper management. This caused things to go from awesome to plain horrible. The once coveted job at the Apple store turned into a job in which was dreaded. Not all management drank the juice as some would say. There were still some great managers that tried to keep the place running as smooth as possible regardless of how bad things were at the top.   All in all, it was a great experience working at Apple. You learn outstanding customer service skills as well great team building experience. I would definitely encourage people to look into careers at Apple whether it be retail or corporate. Just keep away from the store at Manhattan Village if you wish to continue to love the brand. ", " I would do technical troubleshooting for iPhones, iPads, iPods and iTunes. I decided if the issue was software or hardware oriented. I decided if device needed to be replaced or if the customer needed to be further educated on the product. ", " There is a great work environment. The compensation is extremely low. The environment is very stressful. The staff is great. ", " Working at Apple has provided me with valuable and important skills and attributes to help me develop and further a career for myself. The skills obtained from the various day to day roles are applicable in any future position and encourages you to adapt, thrive and be tenacious.  Apple is a very admirable and successful company, the training and relationships between every store, business, client and employee are outstounding. They had great benefits for their employees from perks to policy, to the environment. There are so many areas and fields of expertise, it allows you to develp, and grow. ", " Great people to work for, very knowledgeable and informing about day to day duties. Many of my supervisors were there for my hands on training and were attentive and responsive to any kind of questions i had about installing servers and resolving issues. ", " Amazing benefits even for part timers. The best retail managers, these managers can be district managers from other companies. Wonderful culture. The kool aid if you embrace it tastes good. Retail is still retail. You'll have the responsibility of having the highest standards of a retail employee ever. ", " Working at Apple your leaders truly appreciate you for who you are individually and look at growth opportunities for you. It is clear about what opportunities may be presented to you based on the efforts that you put in yourself. Great benefits and overall just a fantastic environment. ", " Great pay, very friendly people, fantastic work environment. Sometimes the scheduling would be hectic and miscommunication would happen. ", " excellent place for work and very nice management, very good benefits, on time paying salary, also you will get good experience, u will see Apple products ", " Staff are great atmosphere is great, I learn't great customer service. Handling demanding customers can be tuff but it's great when you can help them out. I covered sales and basic trouble seeking there were opportunity's to change to different roles and career experience roles which are great. Many companies try to copy the culture but just   can't get it right. ", " No stress fun workplace but too much politics.  Awesome dress code.  Most of co-workers were fun.  Dogs allowed in store.  Great benefits. ", " Every day you are interacting with customers.  Some wanting information on the newest tech, some having issues, and some just attending workshops to learn more information.  You learn and develop great skills to help with your personal and professional life. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " On a typical day we have reviews of overall store performance, and we set expectations on what must be done for the day. The managers encourage growth and development of employees to do there best, and co-workers are always there to help you out when you need it. ", " Fun work place with supportive management. Not all about the numbers but how you personally grow and develop. Great culture of peers with the same goal, to create an amazing experience for the customer. ", " Get to work with a vast array of amazing and talented individuals pursuing their passions. Very supportive management that helps you in improving yourself every step of the way. ", " Good place to work for learning new GIS tools and analysis.  Worked on a number of special teams managing different layers of data.  Great lunches and facilities. ", " the job is easy the people and the lead is approachable  theyre just strict on the time and its also easy the day off except for the holidays cause alot of people are requesting for it. overall its an easy job . but you cant use any gadget once youre in working so no phones or music player. ", " Apple is a great company to work for. They have good benefits and good pay. Each manager I worked with was very encouraging and helpful. ", " fun environment great management pay decent.  it was great experience. one of the best companies to work for.  hardest part of the job is dealing with multiple customers at one time.  i enjoyed the free food ", " Great place to work, exactly what you would expect from Apple. Management and culture is awesome and the compensation is the best in the retail world. ", " loved it the customers, the co workers, the ceo and management was awesome. only part-time had to work every day so really didn't have a social life. Coming in every day had huddle meeting before hitting floor about specials. Before the new apple product comes out big meeting that morning because you didn't know when it was going to happen the excitement of getting ready was awesome talking to customers while sale of the apple product I got to know the customers the personal life and then I knew what to sale them to help there every day living. if you closed the store at night you had to clean up mop and restock for the following day. Apple customers was awesome to provide for because the apple product is true to its word I loved it and to see your investments in apple stock was great only had to pay half of the amount of the price of the stock that the public was paying for. You was able to apply for other positions pay was great ", " i've learned a lot about apple software and hardware apple product in general also how to communicate  with different culture ", " Amazing place to work daily, great culture great people, great great great great   reat great great greatreat great great greatreat great great greatreat great great great ", " Loved this job. Everyone was very nice to me. Fast paced. I would totally work here again. It was a dealership so management was hardcore but over all it was a nice experience. ", " fun and unique you will never find a company that cares about the employees as much as apple. I'm really glad i got a chance to work with a cutting edge company. ", " Good process in place enabled and learnt a lot while managing multiple things at a given time. Good management but, lot of pressure from peers and co-workers. ", " Great corporate culture but getting seen in a giant pool is tough and new management is recruited from their managements own friend groups instead of it being merit based. ", " A typical day would involve incoming calls and distressed callers - the sense of enjoyment from helping people in distress is unmeasurable.   Not great co-workers but rather great friends always supportive and looking to assist when needed. ", " Apple is an amazing company to work for. The benefits are great and the customer service that you learn here will change your life forever. ", " Had a lot of fun working here, but was always ready to move on. Not much excitement working in what I did here. Learned alot about computers while working here. ", " I love working with people of all kinds and wing able to solve their issues or helping with general questions. I enjoyed learning new things with customers as well . the people were great ", " Pay is moderate as a contractor, though if you do good work, stand out, are a team players and have good attendance, it makes little difference to the management of Apple.    The culture has changed significantly based on feedback from other current and many recently former Apple employees. Management is more apt for hiring large amount of contractors which dwarf actual Apple employees and then revolve the door each year.    Getting a permanent position with Apple is very difficult and political. As a contractor, you will meet a lot of great people who do very good work, yet Apple could care less about their contract position as the months roll by.     Currently going into 9 months as a contractor and out of my initial class of 25+, there are about 5-6 of us still hanging around. Talking with other groups who numbered around 50-60 6 months ago, and they are now sporting around 15-20.    You will hear supervisors talk about former contractors who did really well, go to team meetings and hear how happy management is with random fluff, but at the end of the day it doesn't mean diddly for contractors.    My recommendation, come in with the idea your going to learn as much as you can and then move on to a company that actually wants you.    Recommendation to Apple Executives and Management:    Your reputation as a company is already faltering in many arenas as word of mouth spreads. Treat people like human beings and hire your contractors who learn their jobs well and are with you for 5-6+ months instead of treating them like a revolving door which Apple has gained ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> a reputation for now. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " A typical day is very busy a lot going on. I learned to be very humble, I also learned how to be a true leader in my role. Working side by side people who understand you and respect you was amazing. Management, they are pretty good to you. They understand work life balance. Very flexible. The hardest part of that job is accepting in the moment feedback and learning to take it and what to take away from it then learn how to reflect on it. The best part of that job was the people, internally and externally. ", " Apple Retail is probably the most rewarding retail experience that I have had in my career. The culture there is of it's own and the people that you work with are some of the best in the business. That being said, trying to move up in Apple from the Retail level is exceedingly difficult for most, and can end up with a glass ceiling situation.  Overall I love Apple in general, the culture and values are extremely strong for such a large company and you truly feel like they care and want to develop every single employee that comes through the door ", " Great company to work for. Great opportunities for advancement. Leader in the industry.  Innovative, Promotes diversity. ", " They do not say you enough for the job at hand and out source most of the jobs with can be a big drag and its a boring invirment ", " Everyday I walk in the door, I hear the sound of two things: Information being presented, to both customers and employees, as well as feedback being shared between our peers. This constantly collaborating environment is what makes the company strong. It\u2019s also what makes it interesting. Because with communication comes thought, and if your one who loves to think (constantly) this bottom up style company will love you too. Working here I\u2019ve learned a great deal, but most importantly, beyond all the certifications and all the training, I\u2019ve taken away a love for learning itself. That\u2019s something I\u2019ll never lose. ", " A typical day involves handling customers whom are having technical difficulties with their products. I learned about handling confused and angry customers. The management are un-coordinated and honestly are lacking that level of managerial skill.  The co-workers are very friendly and made the job worth going to. The hardest part of the job was the dissarray of information around the workplace while the best was the interesting stories of the customers. ", " Had a real good time there was one of the best places I worked at.  Warehouse job, but the rotation on learning new departments was great. ", " Worked on a great team of QA professionals who were very knowledgeable and dedicated to the quality of the software. Attended       cross functional meetings and weekly staff meetings. Worked closely with developers to resolve defects found in the releases. ", " A typical day at work, set up station to start work.  Work with co-workers to get started quickly. Help train new team members and set them up at their work station.  At apple I worked troubleshooting iPhones but I also worked as a Data Entry.  Moving from station when needed at times. As a Data Entry person you are responsible for submitting a count sheet to the lead.  I had to collect the count from others to submit it to our.  That was one of the hardest part of the job because we had to scan all phones coming to us at the end of the shift by a certain time and get our count in by then as well, but it was fun.  We always worked as a team to get our job done on time! ", " Fantastic company however working in the At-home world had limitations to advancement and hours available for employment.   Excellent benefit packages/options! ", " If your looking to work with amazing talented individuals, Apple deserves a look. It is a fast paced work environment that will demand all you patience and focus. It is difficult to get in, even more difficult to move up the ladder to management. ", " It has been 16 years since working there but it was a good place to work with friendly co-workers &amp; learning experience.  Management was helpful &amp; the hardest part of the job was keeping up to changing equipment. ", " Working in Apple Education division was very rewarding. I liked all the people and Management as well as the customers of Apple Education. ", " Fun place to work with good management and strong team culture. Your day to day tasks are important but what they really care about is what you can do that is above and beyond. They encourage you to think about initiatives that can improve the current business processes. ", " Very secretive work with a lot of security procedures and Non-disclosure agreements. All I can say is that I did a lot of spatial analysis and digitization. ", " A day at a call center is not the best I would prefer to work from only simpy to only have to deal witht he tools I need and assisting the customer affectively. Not in to call center restrictions on how many times you can use the bathroom or when their technology fails they dont pay for the time locked out of their systems ", " Everyone's excited about their indoctrination. People tend to be most successful by knowing who to make friends with, when to work far overtime, and especially do well if they have a limited worldview that doesn't go that far outside of Apple's walls. Management is mostly outside hires from other call centers where an emphasis is mostly on when gets their to start warming the chair and how much time they stay in the chair. They say they're open to change, but when it comes from lower level employees, it's ignored then often taken by someone higher above who gets the credit. Apple is great if you're salaried and thus, can have a schedule that offers a good work life balance in case you have hobbies that are time involving, if you're a parent, or if you're simply young and wet behind the years, willing to work up to 12 hours a day because the pay is good and hit the nearest Suburban bar and spend the whole time drinking too much and playing video games. They have a great Caffe, but if you're in the call center, never-ending metrics demand often dictates you might never go. There's a great health center and classes. Guess what? Call center employees are out. That strict schedule adherance ", " Daily routine work, not much development as everything is built, no new learnings, coworkers are not much helpful. Nothing much enjoyable. ", " start at 8am work hard all day to reach your target numbers. I was trained in all areas of the floor regarding operating the machines. Management were very easy to get on with once your work was done properly. Co workers were great got on well with everyone great team work. Reaching the targets and pushing yourself to reach these targets. The way the workers got on together and great team work. ", " Long days, confusing work requirements.  Poor decisions made in haste by upper management, then when it doesn't work out store managers are blamed.  No opportunity for advancement.  co-workers were fine, but some quite unreliable.  Hardest part of the job was to try and present a great store feel when orders were not filled and stock did not arrive on a consistent basis.   Most enjoyable part of the job was getting to know the customers and their needs and working hard to meet those needs. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", "  \tInvolved in Design and Development of various functionalities of Apple B2B store.  \tCreated a new business transactions and did customization and configuration of new sales business transactions called Proposal, saved cart and recommended system.   \tDeveloped a new functionality called Personalization and Bundle Personalization for Apple products and developed.  \tInvolved in configurations and customizations to achieve the Personalization and Bundle personalization functionalities to sales transactions.   \tInvolved in downloading the new sales organizations download from ECC to CRM and created workflows related to new Sales organizations, download activities for newly created plants to CRM. ", " this job was awesome through out training and with my first manager...yes i said my first manager...while working here i had the great opp to work from home but, by the time i made it to my third manager my stats suffered...my old manager would ask me personal questions during our 1on1 meetings instead of speaking on how my stats could improve...she came from a diff company of 12 years in a diff field but somehow she was qualified to manage 15 people...kinda hard to learn from a manager that knows nothing about the way the company operates.. ", " Apple is a good place to work. There is a lot of team work and generally a fun place to be. The compensation needs to be higher it i rated as about 28% below average alarm. ", " Fast paced environment, must be up to date with Apple's technologies and news. great place to learn about your Apple products. ", " Great place to work the environment was always friendly and helpful. Apple also pushes career advancement. I enjoyed working for this company very much and will miss working there ", " Awesome Staff, great benefits and an unforgettable experience.  Greeted everyday with a high-five or a hug from every member of staff. Everyone is upbeat and enthusiastic to start their day. ", " A typical day at the Apple Store isn't typical at all. There's something new to encounter everyday there. New challenges, new experiences, it never gets old or monotonous. Learning there was a huge part of working for me, given that this was my first ever retail job. Therefore dealing with customers everyday and learning there personal needs and then trying to meet them was quite the challenge but yet enjoyable. And you could always count on your co-workers and store leaders to help you whenever you needed it. ", " Overall, Apple is one of the best companies I have ever worked for. The best part of my job was knowing at the end of the day I was able to assist someone in resolving their technical issues. I enjoyed the fact that I was entrusted to complete the tasks assigned to me with little to no supervision.   The hardest part of my job was not being able to have the camaraderie that comes from working with others day to day. Also, not being at an actual work site only allows management to know you based mostly on productivity and not work ethic. ", " I learned how to be a good lecturer, and my mind has change because as an Apple Campus Rep, we had to know about Apps for education and we tried to improve \"education\" in our school and then, in Mexico city by teaching, workshops, demos and being a lecturer.   Because of this job, i decided to get my degree by thesis. My thesis was about a new App, designed to chindren in elementary school.  My work: Editorial design, animation, graphic design. My thesis score was the highest in class. ", " I enjoyed working there, and would go back if offered the oppurtunity.  I got to meet and interact with friendly people .  I learned a lot and improved in my work. ", " Learn a lot, awesome company to work for.  Management is awesome.  Make a lot of friends with all of the co workers, plus, you get great benefits. ", " -Some of the best people I have ever worked with -self managing roles -disengaged management  - not a lot of room for advancement. often confined to particular areas ", " The Day start with a nice walk to the awosome cafeteira to have my favorite \"Biscuits and Grave\";after that fun starts by resolving issues regarding the customer orders placed online with the help of the awosome team and management. The hardest part of this job is the enjoyable part try to find reason not to like this job. ", " Great job to have in college. You learn a lot of material that is very useful and this company is great to have on your resume. ", " The store is a great place to gain experience with customer service as well as learning a great deal about a technology environment. My schedule as a student was worked with well in the store and I have a very open relationship with my managers and fellow coworkers ", " A great working opportunity that provided me with the important learnings of maintaining excellent customer relationships, and providing outstanding customer service. Apple was also a very diverse workplace which was great to see, as this reflected their product and company image. ", " If you are lucky to even land an interview, you will be amazed by the caliber of people you will be talking to. The working environment is fast paced beyond Silicon Valley standards. But it something that requires some adjustments if the ideal candidate have worked elsewhere in technology in the bay area. There are no shortages of opportunity to learn and to grow within Apple. You just have to know what you want and clearly demonstrate commitment and desire to achieve superior performance. ", " Apple Fifth Avenue is a 24 hour store, opened every single day a year. one of the highlights of working in the center of the city was meeting and greeting customers from all around the world on a daily basis.  From the beginning of your shift to the end, you left knowing that not only were you able to enrich lives but you got to connect and empathize on a professional level by ensuring the product that originally came in for an issue will be either fixed or replaced the same day its brought in to the Genius bar. ", " I appreciate the management at my store and the company as a whole because they are invested into me as an individual. I love that the employer make sure that you have the tools for personal growth as well as professional. My co-workers are easy to get along with, and they help to make the environment less tense. The hardest part of my job is time management and remaining collected under situations that call for extreme critical thinking, but with the support of my peers and the management team, it's easier to conquer. The most enjoyable part of the job is building relationships with ", " There is no such thing as a typical day at apple. There is always something new and something changing. I learned how to adapt to the change at Apple. Either the people changed or policies changed and you have to learn how to adapt to both. I learned how to interact with different people from different back ground, how to interact with difficult customers in different situations, and I learned how to probe to find out information to assist customers and how to position the right solution for the customers. Most importantly I learned more about myself in 6 years than I've probably learned my whole life. My co-wokers were always there to assist me in any way possible in or out of work. The hardest part of the job was walking out on the last day. The most enjoyable part was the people. Internal And external "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I've learned the most about myself from this job. Not only a great experience, but working retail has really opened my eyes to the nuances of working with the public. Empathy, listening, and compassion are skills I use every day to help customers either solve issues or find the product they're looking for. ", " Working at Apple gave great customer service skills with every customer situation. Typical day for a Specialist included creating a customer journey, keeping yourself up to date on product, and maintaining the Apple brand. The environment was great for customers, and employees new to the customer service role. Management struggled. They hire outside managers often instead of training from within which makes advancement difficult. Getting a promotion at Apple is like winning a Nobel Prize to them. You must be worth to the managers. If not; you will stay a Specialist forever. I loved learning about customers, and creating friendships that will last a lifetime. ", " I enjoy working at Apple Child Care Center  I love the environment, my co-workers and the children. Everyone is very friendly, caring and is all about being a TEAM! which I find very important. ", " Apple is a great company to work for I am more then grateful for the opportunities Apple has presented to me but its time for me to spread my wings and fly. ", " i will still be at Teleperformance working for Apple if it wasn't so far from where I'm located the pay was great i loved my sup visor she was understanding and nice.i miss it ", " Working Apple retail, is like no other experience I have ever had. It's a well oiled machine that is based off trust and knowledgeable staff. Teamwork is key, and feedback is crucial. ", " Very busy call center, short breaks.  One hour lunches All based on clocking in on your phone. Meet different background people, culture. It can get busy during the morning hours. ", " -high energy hard working people -people from different parts of the can get along -your treated like an equal -diverse  -pre relase ", " As a Specialist, I was highly skilled at uncovering customers\u2019 needs, then following through with enlightening solutions. Not only was I the first person customers meet when they enter the store, but also the person who guides them \u2014 advising, selling, and even setting up their new products. I perform other roles within the store too, whether it\u2019s maintaining visual merchandising or assisting team members. Always curious, I stay on top of news about products and initiatives, ready to apply learning in customer interactions. I get great satisfaction from helping customers develop lifelong relationships with Apple. ", " Apple has a highly competitive enviroment that encourages a healthy work life balance. The company provides transit and inexpensive, high quality food. ", " Everyone there is always happy and in a great mood! You feel trusted and a special part of the workplace. Best place to work at. Also opens up a lot of opportunities, and great benefits. ", " Typical work day depends on job title. usually handling customers all day but you do not have to take work home with you. Lots of advancement opportunities. ", " A typical day at work with consist of about 20 chats or more depending on day or volume with customers ranging from all kind of backgrounds due to the support being international. I have learned many aspects of Apple especially on how to interact and resolve all kinds of technical issues with all of Apples OS X, iOS and Account Security. My co-workers are very supportive and fun to work with. The hardest part of my job for me is to have to sit for 10 hours and not be able to learn new and exciting things but the do the same routine on a daily basis. The most enjoyable part is the people I get to chat and interact with on a daily basis. ", " I took a contract position with Apple. It was a great team, with really fun and exciting work. However, it was a lot of work. If you have no problem working 70+ hours and getting very little sleep, then go for it. ", " 8 to 9 hour shifts, helped out anywhere between 10-30 people a day  Learned about customer relations and support  Management was nice but had issues with verifying schedules and approving important dates  Hardest part was dealing with customer issues involving locked devices ", " The Apple experience is awesome! I love working here! That's  not the problem. I want to expand my horizons and help my career path so that I can gain more access to the things that will make me a greater Leader and reinforce the foundation that companies like Apple have provided me with! I love helping our customers! They are some of the most loyal people I know. Co-workers are always here to help and the managers always seem to care. Again, I have no complaints! I just want to check out all of my options... ", " As a Specialist, I help create the energy and excitement around Apple products, providing the right solutions and getting products into customers\u2019 hands. I am dedicated to delivering a customer experience that\u2019s unlike any other. It starts with me discovering customers\u2019 needs. And with the support of my store team members, I match those needs with the right products. Every day is an opportunity for me to turn another Apple Store visitor into a loyal Apple customer. My success is measured by team and individual productivity as well as overall store performance. I am proud to represent Apple, and get a great deal of satisfaction from helping customers develop lifelong relationships with Apple products. ", " Responsible for influencing and creating excitement of Apple products to potential customers.   Mentored and coached other specialists about Apple products and influenced them to align with the customers\u2019 needs.   Responsible for uncovering the needs of the customers\u2019 and introducing them to all areas of Apple. \ufffc\ufffc\ufffc\ufffcPage 1 of 3   Responsible for providing outstanding customer experience to all of our customers both internal and external.   Responsible for enriching the customer journey by providing all types of solutions to the customer.   Responsible for developing and influencing other specialists in the store to drive for results. ", " I appreciated the opportunity to join one of the best companies in the World. I learned valuable lessons that will help me in my next position. ", " Such a great place to work.  I cannot express how much excitement I felt on my first day and everyday after.  Awesome Company! "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple is one of the best retail franchices you can work for. It teaches you so much about technology and makes you believe in the awesome products that they have. The ability to move up in the compnay in any directions is always there. This is a great place to work. ", " When i was working there, the job was very repetitive. It was the same thing everyday. I would go in there sit down and have to start inspecting apple units for any damages. Certain co-workers were very childish and annoying while some were very mature and just wanted to get the job done. The hardest part of the job was dealing with annoying co-workers and being consistent while checking the units because there was a minimum that you would have to do in a day. The most enjoyable part of my job was that i was able too speak with some of my co-workers while working so i was always entertained while working. I learned that nothing in life comes easy. If you want something you have to get it done. ", " I believe the emphasis on customer service and learning effective communication and self improvement is worth the price of admission.  The fact that the management has seldom gone through the same training that the staff has is a point of contention.  This fact will not bother you until you have been with the company long enough to see it though so do still apply.  It can be mentally taxing most days as it is a retail position. ", " learned great customer service skills from apple and how to deal with very irate customers and how to turn a bad situation into a positive situation ", " Key takeaway: Have an open mind, and be ready for change anytime. Company is very dynamic.   Fun and hardworking group of staff. ", " Great people, amazing minds in one spot. Awesome hiring methods. Very good communication. Place to learn and meet incredible people. ", " Work as Genius is work in a fast paced constantly changing environment. We repair relationships with customers and the brand we don't just fix their devices. The work is rewarding and the pay is very competitive for the retail sector. ", " Overall, Apple can be a great place to transition from survival jobs into a professional career.  It is certainly comfortable, but if you stay too long, you can burn out easily.  The most enjoyable part of the job is the people, they tend to hire well balanced, creative employees with strong work ethics.  The hardest part, specifically at the Fifth Avenue store, is giving non-english speaking customers the same great service - as their training does not prepare you for on-the-fly translations.  A typical day for a sales specialist is 8 hours on your feet expending all the social energy you have to be as outgoing and friendly as possible. Management wants to keep you on track to make their daily revenue goals, but is always on the employees side in difficult CS scenarios. Promotions are super competitive, and there is quite a bit of hiring from outside the company. ", " lack of permanent roles due to lack of support lack of pay - underpaid no one stays long the gadgets are cool but you get no discount    treated badly like very apple worker across the globe. ", " Placed, cancelled, edited, and/or provided information about orders for the customer calling in. Learned nothing after it became part of Best Buy. Management was fair and understanding. Coworkers easy to get along with. Blame by upset customers always went toward you no matter how hard you try to satisfy. Management tried to keep things enjoyable. ", " -take calls from all over country and Canada  -Troubleshoot customer's technical issues  -team's performance is being monitored by a team manager ", " People were very rude at job events. Arrogant people. Employees insulting job applicants at recruiting events.  Repaired Apple products at Apple Service Provider. Company didn't provide any pay which was illegal. Worked at service provider for 9 months without pay 50 hours a week. ", " Most days were filled with constant work. I worked on disassembling and assembling various parts on all iPhone 5 models. Later, I learned  how to properly test all functions on the new iPhone 6 models and got qualified in performing those tests. The hardest part of the job was also the most enjoyable for me. With six disassembly stations and seventeen assembly stations, it was difficult to not only learn the standard operating procedure for each independent station, but it was also an engaging challenge to be able to remember the procedures one by one and tie it into the next corresponding station. ", " In chat, it is and always was constantly much busier than in the phone support queues, with the added struggle of assisting multiple customers at once while having to adhere to awful chat guidelines that take the conversation out of the support. ", " Apple is fun and a learning experience. The culture there is so different from any other job I'v ever had. Everyone is willing to help. The customer journey is always most important. ", " It was a a great place to work. I learned a lot about working independently and with a team. The management was of great support and knowledge. ", " Management: - Does not handle conflict properly.  - Does not support their direct reports.  - Does not keep close communication with their direct reports.   Deal with several difficult, demanding people (most employees have a pre-madonna attitude) ", " Apple was a great place to work overall in terms of the people and the environment.  Every person was quite easy to get along with and relate with.  Every day the job consisted of assisting customers over the phone to get their iPads, iPods, or iPhones working to their satisfaction.  This, to me personally, was the hardest part of the job as being on the phone for 8+ hours a day really tended to wear me down.  The most enjoyable aspect of the job was simply being able to surround myself with great people that were friendly and incredibly helpful when assistance was needed.  I learned a great deal from my experience at Apple about how to better empathize and align with the customers I was dealing with day in and day out.  As a tier 2 advisor I also learned a good amount about proper time management as I would not only take calls, but also perform callbacks when necessary and have discussions with the engineering department as well as some others to get the needed resolutions. ", " Very energetic work environment, Great business to work for. Leader and management employee friendly. Great pay and benefits package. Location access very good. Promote from within. ", " Great coworkers, lots of education and development, supportive managers.  Easy to stay busy all the time. Great benefits. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Extremely high volume call center  I learned the metric system, and how to boost my incentives for bonus money.  Co-workers were bubbly, and personable. Like a family setting.  The hardest part of my job was learning new articles that presented itself on an hourly basis, being that apple is constantly updating to the next ios version, while still operating the inbound calls.  The most enjoyable part of the job was the entertainment and games our job presented everyday. It was always something different to look forward to. ", " I loved working at Apple.  It was a casual environment that had room for advancement.  I enjoyed all the individuals I worked with. ", " The best benefits you have ever seen. Great ability to move within the company once you are hired. Couldn't recommend Apple more. I tell all my friends and family to apply ", " Come ready to hit the ground running, as it is typically busy from emails the night before and continuing emails throughout the day. All in the midst of weekly meetings. Management catches up on a higher level on how projects are doing and address where there is attention needed. Work with coworkers to ensure the information on projects are spread throughout cross functional teams. Despite the rush and constant running around, once a product is put out in the market it is extremely highly rewarding. ", " Learned a lot of critical system process, mainly procedure writing and meeting deadlines.   \tProduct Change and Configuration Management with ten years experience in software &amp; hardware portables and hand held devices.   \tEmphases on problem identification, engineering changes, documentation, process improvement and facilitating CCB Change Control Board meetings.   \tWrote and maintained procedures that defined the training processes for engineering and CM including pre-audits, warranties, templates and various other continuous improvement initiatives.  \tTroubleshot root cause analysis, administered corrective action and documented processes by way of approved desktop procedures. Created and performed postmortems / lessons learned for product groups at the end of each release cycle. ", " I enjoyes working for Apple, they have a laid back atmosphere and open to all their employees learning something new everyday. however the store I worked in had 100+ employees, therefore slim to none chance for advancement. which is why I left apple ", " This was an amazing opportunity. All of the employees were wonderful. Management was kind and caring. The benefits were truly phenomenal. I was challenged on a daily basis. ", " If you want to be undervalued, underpaid and over worked. Get a job at Apple. Complete micromanagement where every second is accounted for.   Your schedule is arbitrarily set every quarter depending on business needs, little consideration of family or life work balance.   At least this department is open 365 and forget getting holidays off.   Constantly have to meet performance metrics which are for the most part ridiculous.   The only saving grace of the place is some of the unfortunate but awesome people (co-workers) you meet.   Otherwise, this is a place where dreams, creativity and independent thinking go to die. ", " I enjoyed working for Apple. I would work for them again. Everyone works together to build better relationships with the customers and co workers ", " Apple is one of the best companies that i have worked for. The only issue that i could said that i found was that on my initial schedule i didn't have a word at all. Main reason i am looking for a different job, but other than that its an amazing company and i highly recommend it to everyone. ", " Apple was a great place to learn new job skills, business process, and develop people.  I enjoyed working for Apple as it had this new business feel, had a positive atmosphere, great team building, and a great synergy.   Personal development, product development, and business development was on the for front of Apple and truly appreciated as an employee and stock holder ", " A typical day at work is providing customer service in a way that will help Apple create long lasting relationships with our customers. I have learned that communication is the very important in our everyday lives because we are all humans and interactions with one another helps keep the world spinning. The management here is very open to all your request and is willingly to push you to go that extra mile in your position. The hardest part of the job is when there is nothing to do, which will not be the case because they will keep you busy at all times. The most enjoyable part of the job is the co-workers and the people I get to interact with everyday. Everybody is having so much fun and really enjoying what they are doing. ", " Travel between multiple retail locations, join multiple conference calls throughout the week, assist others in growing in their role and with the company. Select management is great and really assists with your development, others lack certain skills and do not always give the needed tools to succeed. Hardest part of the job is staying busy and managing your time productively in the slower seasons with very little direction. The most enjoyable part is finding success in your role by achieving your quota and seeing the growth in performance across your multiple locations. ", " It is a great place to work because it is challenging each and everyday. You get paid decent and there is great benefits that are offered to full and part time employees. ", " In my six plus years working for Apple at once of their busiest stores, I can honestly say that the compony has changed dramatically and it is no longer the welcoming and sportive place i once knew. Now the staff is treated with a huge lack of respect, despite the stores being overcrowded and under staffed. one would think that a compony that makes billions in profit every quarter would compensate the staff properly, unfortunately you are constantly reminded by management that it is a retail job with slightly higher retail pay. In my experience there is nothing retail about the work that is done inside the apple store, and a pay that match the stress would have been nice. ", " I would receive calls from small businesses and consumers inquiring about apple products and I would pitch and sell them those products ", " I have nothing but great things to say about Apple as a company.  Great Pay Great People Great Training Hardest part of the job is working form home and never really getting away from work ", " A typical work day is centered around customers.  Showing them how to work there new devices as well as letting them know the benefits of them. ", " The passion of the team and Apple's attention to detail in designing the most complex chips in the world make Apple the best company to work for in hardware design field. ", " Apple is by far the best company I have worked for. Management was always determined to see you grow. I worked from home so it was very hard at times. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Most of my days were spent helping customers with their technology needs, whether it be the purchase of a new computer or tech support. I gained new knowledge about Mac products every day, even though I've been using them for 10 years.  My coworkers were a very diverse group of people whom all had different backgrounds and stories to tell. We were like a big family.  Advancement was challenging but the company constantly pushed me to improve myself, not only in regards to sales but also as a person. ", " Support customers questions and concerns through the APPLE steps of service. Welcome customers warmly and ask for permission to further investigate any help we may provide. Present solutions customized for the customers needs. Listen to concerns that the customer may have and provide a satisfactory solution. End the customer journey with a fond farewell and a welcome to return. ", " More word, but lot of nice technical stuff to learn from. Loved the project, but sad part is it extends only for 3 months every time. ", " High Volume Transactions and participation in various project. Day to day interaction with business and project managers on requirements and deliverables. ", " The apple store is a nice retail place to work. They paid much better than average retail, and worked around my school schedule. Would reccommend to a college student. ", " For confidentiality I cannot write about working for Apple.  However I am surrounded by a confident, friendly and incredibly supportive team of people. ", " I work with different people everyday. I assist with technical support and recommendations on Apple products suitable for the needs of the consumer. I work with the greatest staff. We all learn from each other on technology, background, and culture. The hardest part of the job is working with various people. The demand for Apple products is extreme. We, Apple, do our best to assist customers on a timely basis and provide them with the essential information. The most enjoyable part of my job is meeting new people and creating wonderful experiences. ", " Great company Average pay Management is good Co-workers are good Helping people is the most enjoyable part of this job ", " I had to commute to work, and carpool with a group of 5 other employees.  All of us agreed that this job was just a stepping stone in order to find us a better opportunity.  My shift was swing shift.  I chose that shift because of the higher pay, but I would have preferred working mornings.  Swing shift in any job I don't suggest doing unless you're single with no kids and a girlfriend/wife. This was a contract job, where you were promised to have work for 1 year. Every 3 months if you were good with attendance and work, they would extend you.  After 6 months passed from the time your contract ended for 1 year. You were allowed to come back, but I was extended twice, then while working my 2nd extension was laid off along with several other hundred employees. Was called back a few weeks later to come back, but they wanted me to work mornings and my 1 year wouldn't have started over. It would have carried on.  I've learned a lot of things being there, only learning during our break times and lunch times because that's when we can talk, but a lot of employees talked to me about life in general and how they went from having a career to getting laid off and ending up in this job. The only enjoyable part was getting off work and meeting your co-workers. Management was not existent, they were more like security to you. ", " This is an amazing opportunity for someone who wants to challenge themselves to work with and learn how to connect to almost every personality type under the sun (with both internal and external customers).  You'll probably start out thinking this is the company you'll retire with. In my experience, this is unlikely however the right person will emerge with super-human strengths in people skills, business acumen and composure.  Not a job for fanboys. ", " A typical day at work would include greeting customers, taking care of their technical issues and repairing relationships with the customer by making sure all of their needs are met in hopes of them leaving a happy customer. management is excellent. they really care about everyone, hence apple being a people company, not a technology company. the hardest part about the job is not having a set schedule, which is usually how it is in retail. The most enjoyable part about the job is meeting new people, customers and co-workers. ", " Excellent place to work Excellent job culture Excellent management ", " The environment is noisy. Upper management do not enjoy their jobs. As result, they take out their stress on their employees. The hardest part of the job was overtime. By law we are suppose to get three day's of if we work 120 in two weeks. However, apple did not follow such mandates. As result some co-workers fainted, had mental breakdowns, and just walked out the the building. Felt like a sweat shop! ", " Innovative company Fun atmosphere Working with people Fun learning opportunities Training adults Opportunities to create whilst working  I love working with products I loved ", " Very uplifting environment to work in. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is up for a challenge in the work environment, but have fun as well. It is extremely important to build relationships with customers as well as work hard to meet the business goals as well. The most enjoyable part of the job is seeing the customer's expressions and impressions. Most difficult part of the job would be trying not to have too much fun and remember that I am on a job. ", " I am a trainer at Apple Inc. So it is great always learning.  This activity keeps the job fresh and less repetitive.  I really like working with people and that is something I do all day, every day at Apple.  I like the people I work with and the company I work for at Apple. ", " The workers and management were all great at the Elk Grove building. The perks aren't great as far as swag but there is a cafeteria and they do sometimes giveaway old computers. The work can be stressful because I was in Customer Service. Some people can be mean. You can't let what customers say affect you. ", " More or less typical retail experience. If you like to work in a very large company and and relatively fast-paced environment this may be for you temporarily. Unfortunately the idealism of the company by its patrons will soon take a tole as you find yourself going outside of your role and pay grade often with no compensation, recognition, or growth. ", " Being part of Apple provides you with the opportunity to work alongside some of the most talented, creative and positive people. Every day you learn something new and your coworkers are there to support and you and help you develop.  The management team is always supportive and empower employees to make decisions when necessary.  Overall working at Apple is a great environment to be in. ", " The atmosphere is very draining. This may be similar in other call centers. The hours and the pay are the worst i've ever experienced. There is little room for advancement and if if you did advance the pay is still minimal and the hours don't allow for much of a life outside of work. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " My current employer is Apple and my role is Family Room Specialist.  I work in tandem with the Genius Bar to troubleshoot iOS devices, (iPhones, IPads, IPods, Apple TV's and the forthcoming Apple Watch).  The Job is constantly changing due to the ever-evolving technology.  My goal is always to provide the best solution in the fastest way possible that leaves the customer happy with their experience at the store.    I've learned so much.  I've learned how these devices work, both software and hardware.  I've learned that you always want to explain things as simply as possible.  Also, sometimes you need to find a new way of explaining a concept because not everybody learns the in the same way.    I think the company is well managed.  There's a reason why we're the no. 1 company in the world.    I love my co-workers.  We're a very diverse group of people, all with unique passions and gifts.  I've made friends with quite a few of my colleagues and we all make an effort to support each other outside of work.    The hardest part of the job is the scheduling.  We don't work regularly scheduled shifts.  We may work a morning shift one day, an afternoon shift the following day and a closing shift the day after that.  Because of the way our schedules are made, it makes it very difficult to have a routine outside of work.    The most enjoyable part of the job is connecting with the customer and making sure they leave happy and satisfied with the service that I have provided. ", " A successful IT company needs to evolve quickly and respond to customer and employee feedback and this is exactly what Apple has succeeded in doing.  The most difficult part of the job is dealing with high customer expectations with low pay.  Changes are frequent and with little time to read and update, emails are overwhelming.  Expectations for retail employees are equal to corporate, however with retail employees serving customers throughout the day the expectations are not equitable.  All employees no matter what education level or age are all treated the same.  This model creates equity as well as a lack of respect for experienced workers with years of life experience.  Healthcare benefits are excellent as well as discounts from network providers.  Feedback needs more training and is a crucial part of the work culture.  Customer feedback is at times not related to job performance but extraneous circumstances, yet critical to upward mobility.  Recognition given to workers on number basis only. ", " A typical day at work for me is exciting and very diverse when it comes to other employees. I get to speak with all types of cultures which to me is very entertaining. I have a great rapport with my managers and coworkers. The hardest part of my job is not being there and the most enjoyable parts of my job is pleasing my customers and knowing that I solved their issue. ", " Never boring and is always busy.  Fun friendly staff and everyone works together as a family.  Managers and staff work hand in hand as equals and we are always improving one another to become better workers and people. ", " Apple is an innovative company that truly cares about every employee. I have been impressed by the level of employee development and opportunity for advancement. I've got amazing coworkers and caring managers.   I've learned to be a better critical thinker and have improved upon my ability to lead groups as well as coach individuals. ", " My job has influenced my career choice and as I pursue a degree in Communications, I have been fortunate to work with a myriad of colleagues and customers. My key achievements this past year include getting to know the operations of Back of House and how it works. Apple has helped me become more mature and responsible.  It has helped me pave the way to success and be more successful. I am honored to work for a company that teaches me to be more professional and self-efficient. I have gained so much knowledge and I am always eager to increase my knowledge while continuing my career here at Apple. ", " Typical day includes taking calls for your entire shift. You can make it hard or easy on yourself, depending on how you can talk to people. The best part is when you do get that chance to make someone's day and solve their problems. The ability to help someone understand their products better and giving them the control over that is such a great reward. ", " A typical day at 5th Avenue Apple is exciting, engaging, genuine and fast-paced. I learned that learning on the job with the help of co-workers is the key. I learned that working for the company is not about selling products but rather about learning from the visitors to the store. Listening to them, hearing their stories, learning about their lives and helping them enrich certain aspects with Apple technology. Management was truly wonderful, the best I've experienced in my working years. I never felt lost or confused because everywhere I turned, I saw a smiling manager ready to help at a moment's notice. My co-workers were energetic, heartfelt and genuinely happy to be at work. We all fed off of each other's energy and the energy of the bustling store to create a truly magnetic work atmosphere. The hardest part of the job was communicating effectively with visitors to the store who spoke not a word of English. The most enjoyable part of the job was helping a customer out, no matter how much time it required, and seeing them leave so thankful with a smiling face. There's nothing more satisfying than having customers ask for your business card because they only want to work with you when they return to the store. ", " This is a really great company to work for, despite some people giving it a bad rap. I have been there for about 4 years now and I love my job. I feel like I'm getting paid for my favorite hobby. ", " I deliver 20-28 daily appointments providing hardware and software support across multiple devices. This role has taught me how to multi-task in a fast-paced  environment. ", " At Apple, you not only get to work with the best technology in the world, but you also get to work with the best people. There is always ongoing training about new product releases and constant development within the company! ", " There's nowhere else like it, and everyone knows it. That's a good and a bad thing. Management quality varies widely throughout different parts of the company. ", " Apple is great, a chance you should not pass up. The training they give you is great and their relaxed nature makes working for them easy. You may have a challenge dealing with customers depending on your patience level. For the most part, things are good. The company is great. ", " Rare is the opportunity that allows you to bring your knowledge to the table and express yourself-within reason. I spend most of my time talking about the products and helping people with issues. These are things that I would usually do if I am in a store as a customer. I like that this company encourages you to be personal with your customer. Every supervisor is always helpful and considerate. Great part-time job. ", " Great place to work and many opportunities to advance your career. If you have a chance to work in this role, GO FOR IT! Great colleagues and a fantastic work culture. ", " Working for Apple is never boring. You're always working towards the next big thing, regardless of where your job sits in the corporate hierarchy. The opportunities for personal development are intermittent - they're often the first thing to be removed in busy times - but those that exist are better than any other company I've heard of. The people are simply amazing. Everyone you encounter will be kind, friendly, and interested in you and your work - because the company encourages people to build strong cross-functional relationships. It's simply a culture of community-building. ", " Apple is a great company to work for, but advancement is hard and the hours are hard, it is retail afterall.  I enjoyed the times when I taught and also my times working at the Genius Bar helping those who had technical problems.  I am a problem solver. ", " Yes it's retail but it's miles different than any other retail job i've had. Leaders care about you as a person and also your development. You work for a company that has pretty much infinite resources as its disposal ", " Technical server support for Enterprise customer. Enterprise support team has more than 10000 members provide high quality of technical/customer support. ", " There are some things that are great like benefits, being able to work from home, but the advancement opportunities I was promised upon being hired are non existent. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Working at apple always felt different from anything I had ever done. Until then, I wasn't ever as excited to go to work. Surrounded by like-minded people and all types of people just so excited about being there and getting to experience the products for the first time.    The hardest part of the job was having to take care of a customer that had lost data/very important memories and couldn't get them back. because there isn't much you can do to fix that loss other than make sure it doesn't happen again.  But overall, a great store. Great team. and now with new locations opened up in the area, the volume has most likely evened out by now. ", " Simply one of the best technology companies in the World! Tech giant, with devices all other the world is both exciting and thrilling to be apart of such a wonderful company. ", " If you don't work like your addicted to the computer and don't make your numbers....your job is on the line. As a parent, I can't live like that. I want to go to a job and do whatever I need to as best as I can and not be held down my a magical number that is hard to obtain. ", " My experience has provided with me numerous skills such as working diligently in a busy environment, working with over one hundred employees as a strong and functional team, and interacting on a one-on-one basis with several customers to meet their specific needs.  I have dealt with many people of various backgrounds with a variety of concerns and made sure they left the store feeling happy and accomplished.  My goal is to break things down and make them easier for people who are not as technologically advanced as me. ", " this is seriously one of the best companies iv ever worked for! Amanzing customers. I've learned how to be a better person. I've also learned how to deal and react to all customers. management is the best. amazing coworkers. hardest part of my job would be the rude customers. enjoyable would be being apart of enriching customers lives, ", " a TYPICAL DAY AT WORK IS AWESOME...YOU HAVE SO MUCH SUPPORT BY YOUR SIDE. IT GOES BY SO FAST. OUR TEAM IS ONE OF A KIND..YOU FORGET YOU ARE EVEN WORKING. I LEARNED SO MUCH ...FROM 6 WEEKS OF TRAINING IN RETAIL, SALES, AND SERVICE, THEY DONT LEAVE YOU HANGING. THE CO-WORKERS AND FRIENDLY AND EVERYONE IS UP BEAT. I LOVE IT. THE HARDEST PART CAN BE DEALING WITH ANGRY CUSTOMERS IF YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO HANDLE IT. THE SCHEDULE IS ALSO LIKE IN BETWEEN HOURS. WELL MINE ARE AND YOU HAVE TO WORK AT LEAS ONE WEEKEND DAY. ", " The work environment is fast paced and enjoyable.  Everyday I perform audits to ensure everything from the previous day was processed properly, then check in inventory from the daily shipment, allocate parts for repairs, contact customers.  Throughout everyday I am constantly auditing and providing feedback and learning opportunities for technicians that made any errors in repair processes from the day before or the current day.  One of the best parts of the job was when I was given the opportunity to find innovative ways to make the repair room function better and be more productive. ", " Great place to work part time, but there is little to no real advancement despite proving yourself. All of the people you work with are awesome and there is no competition among peers. ", " Working in Apple Education division was very rewarding. I liked all the people and Management as well as the customers of Apple Education. ", " Apple is by far the best job I have had so far. It is a supportive, motivating, and enriching environment that helps you grow not only professionally but personally as well. The tools they provide for personal development have been unmatched in a retail environment. ", " While I was not terribly fond of many of the individuals in my department, the vast majority of people I met at Apple were very welcoming and energetic. ", " -Fast pace environment with new challenges everyday -Changes happen everyday in a tech world.  -Management is carrying of both customers and there employees -People you work with are always friendly and willing to help others -Scheduling can be the most challenging area overall as a store not just as an individual. - You get to meet new people from around the world everyday. ", " Apple Inc is a growing company that offers a lot of growth within. I loved the high volume calls because it kept me busy until the end. There were always management willing to help in the time of need. I would definitely recommend this company to anyone looking for growth. ", " I worked as an At-Home-Advisor. The training I received there was great. I learned so much about Macs and iPhones, even though I've been using Apple products for many years. The company definitely encourages growth, however expect you to master your role and exceed your daily metrics and performance goals. The benefits were great! But some of the customers you encounter can be extremely rude and difficult to deal with. The biggest drawback for me was the scheduling; not very flexible and ended up turning into a problem. ", " Busy workplace at all time . lots of unites processed daily. its was really fun workplace. there was restriction to taking you cellphones inside the ware house cause termination of your contract. ", " Great opportunity to work with different Project managers and cross functional teams with in finance and operational excellence. fun environment with great people. ", " A typical day at work would be to clock in have our meeting before the shift starts, afterwards, go to the floor and start assisting customers, swapping customers phones, performing restores and hardware repair, intaking data migrations also. I learned how to perform data migrations and troubleshoot IOS device. Management is always helpful and available. The co workers are also always very helpful and will answer any question with precision. The hardest about the job is assisting customers within the timely manner in which we have to be done within 15 minutes of starting appointment. The most enjoyable part about the job is helping the customers and providing assisting for the things that frustrates them. ", " I worked for the company for several years under several managers, the ones that came from Apple were some of the best I ever worked with, the ones that were hired outside the company, Gap specifically, were not good at all, the focus was no longer the customer but numbers. The management is now more focused on their own execration through the company, and no longer the customer, customs focus will drive sales. ", " Apple is truly the best place to be.  Great work-life balance, great management, and great culture.  My experience at Apple in one word: magical ", " Great team work, awesome staff, Customer service is crazy but we always help them so they can leave happy. Inventory is always on point and everyone will acknowledge your hard work to make you feel like you actually accomplish something. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " great for college kids looking to survive and make easy money. Hard place to enter unless your referred. The people you work with are pretty down to earth and friendly. But the retail environment gets old very quick. ", " I have a fun day at work filled with lots of laughs mainly with the customers. I learn from management that using the correct tools and positioning can result in a lot of revenue. I have a great team of co-workers that all help when trying to solve an issue. We are very competitive against the other teams which allow us to challenge our skills. The hardest part of the job is dealing with customers that are irate. The most enjoyable part about working is resolving the issue and going beyond the customers expectations. Also teaching the customer about their product is really fun too. ", " Assesses customer needs and provide them with the appropriate products, as well as retail promotions and warranties/after-service care.  Troubleshoot any technical issues had by customers on all Apple products. Educate customers on the use of various Apple products in free classes and tutoring sessions. ", " Apple Retail has a enriching environment that encourages their staff to extend their knowledge and sharpen their interpersonal and organisation skills. ", " Working at Apple is a great experience. Whatever the role you take, you will enjoy the people you work with because Apple hires good people. The days are long but the move quickly depending on the store. Product launches are a blast for the insanity. If you like helping people, take the job. ", " Manage my team on the right way Achieve my target Understand my market &amp; competitors Drive that matter, Focus &amp; Simplify &amp; Fight for Excellence  Manage the Apple's ambiguity ! The great balance between field an analysis ", " worked from home on the apple connect project for kelly services. apple is great but kelly services not so much but overall a positive experience. ", " Having great Co Workers make working there a lot of fun. We have competitions to win apple productions every week. The management are great and understand what we go through. ", " NO real complaints. Others have complained about check issues. No time sheets used.. That can cause issues. Pay could be better due to nature of the work. ", " Culture is great. Pay is pretty low. The opportunity to advance is great. Co workers are a true team. You need a lot of energy to work there. ", " At Apple no day will ever be the same. It is a dynamic, constantly changing and evolving environment with extremely high expectations for the employees and the quality of the support and solutions we provide to our customers. After 8.5 years with Apple I still learn something new every day. We spend a lot of time selecting the best people, and when you have talented and highky skilled employees in a very competitive environment it can be a challenge to keep them motivated when opportunities for advancement within retail are limited. I learned so much at my time with Apple from dealing with difficult customer and employee situations, to Root Cause Analysis and identifying ways to improve the business, to implementing changes that fundamentally change the way we conduct our day to day business. The management team is strong but they are stretched very thin and are not able to spend as much individual time with employees as they would like. The team overall is hardworking and talented and the most difficult part of the job is dealing with unreasonable customer requests. The most enjoyable part of the job is that we all have the ability to impact the lives of customers each and every day, and can help them improve their lives with technology - whether it be communicating with a loved one far away, managing your business with Apple solutions, or using our products to express your creativity. ", " Working for Apple was an amazing life changing experience. The knowledge you gain can never be lost and can be translated to all facets of life. I became a better professional and human being while working for Apple. Every day at Apple is a new journey, no two days were the same and things could change in an instant whether its a new product announcement or changes in policy and guidance. As an expert and specialist I could be talking to a customer one minute about how Apple products can enrich their life and troubleshooting hardware and software for a customer or employee the next minute. I was also a leader on our merchandising team that took care of all the product int eh store including but not limited to setup, imaging, cabling, and software updates. The benefits that Apple provides are incredible and unlike anything I have ever heard or experienced before. Not just traditional benefits like health and retirement but lots of added benefits and discounts. ", "  \tMultitasked across systems and applications, analyzed and resolved a variety of complex technical issues  \tPrioritized and managed time, because we work independently from home, displaying discipline and ability   to work remotely with coworkers and management  \tProvided technical assistance to iPhone, iPad, iPod and Mac users   \tResponsible for handling the most difficult or advanced problems  \tResponsible for not only assisting both Tier I and Tier II personnel, but researched and developed solutions to new or unknown issues.  \tResponsible for designing and developing one or more courses of action, evaluated each of the courses in a test case environment, and implemented the best solution to the problem ", " Apple is a very well thought out company. Strong leadership capability, that does listen to your thoughts and ideas. Practices great work ethic, as well as motivating you to work hard  Progression is hard with in Apple, and progression only really seems to go in one direction. However, if you want a company that respects you for who you are... Apple is the company to go for. I do miss my time there, but i had the passion for success and unfortunately, Apple could not give it to me. ", " I have learned a diverse set of competencies working at Apple in the past two and a half years. Since technology is always changing I am constantly dealing with ambiguity both customer facing and internally.  What I've learned is how to reconstruct and improve my approach to customers and peers.     It is exciting to be able to watch people discover products through conversation and hands on knowledge. But it can be difficult to deal with the issues that arise when technology does not work. At Apple compassion is not just a thought, it is a practice. And, while some days are more difficult than others, I am always attempting to provide a better customer experience through meaningful interactions.     Apple is a place that allows you to realize what you are capable of and encourages your ideas and opinions. Through feedback and open communication with peers it is much easier to have a fun and developmental work space. I have fun every day because the people are what keep my work interesting. ", " Nothing but great things to say about working for Apple.  They have been amazing for my personal and professional development. ", " Very challenging task can be in your plate any times and you have to come up with solution with in dead line. Lots project keeps you busy and constant change in work environment make worth while to go to work. ", " Most Apple Retail employees will agree that the best part of the job is the excellent people that they work with on a daily basis. But as it turns out, the management is not nearly as competent. If Apple retail promoted from within, not only would management be substantially improved, but employee retention would be greatly increased.  The inexpensive health benefits that Apple offers, as well as generous 401(k) matching and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, make it stand out among other retail employers.  Apple's insistence on employees having an open schedule makes it difficult, as there is no consistency in schedule which makes having a social life difficult. ", " Great company to work for. Job security is there if you can handle how they handle scheduling, the mandatory 8-10 hours of overtime during product release times, the extremely high levels of stress, and changing your team leader every few months (I had 11 TMs in just under 3 years). If you're looking for a static schedule of Monday thru Friday, 8:00 am to 5:00 pm, keep looking. The schedules are bid on every six months, meaning your schedule WILL change every six months, and you may at some point be asked to move to a graveyard schedule time. ", " I think it depends on your goals, values and intelligence to determine whether or not you'd like working here.  Theres a lot of compromise when it comes to their ethical standards, they talk big, but the general culture there is like their products\u2026really expensive and don't actually add much value to the world.  They pay well if you're in it for the money, but also load on the work and really take advantage of the employees if they're able to. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple is unfortunately run out of the HQ in Cupertino, California and this lead to all sorts of miscommunication between the store and Cupertino.  Secrecy clauses were of paramount importance and getting answers to questions often took months. ", " Working for Apple was a pleasure! The knowledge and skills gained were worthwhile and will be lasting. Apple's business model is phenomenal and concern for employees and constituents wonderful.  If it weren't for family issues, I would not hesitate to continue working for them.  Great Company!!! ", " What an unbelievable company. I guess when you're tied with Exxon as the most profitable company in the world you can pull out all the stops.... and $350 BILLION a year pulls out a lot of stops. The employees are treated like royalty by the company, everything happens FAST. no typical red tape and bureaucracy... I worked at a brand new store and we did the grand opening, but like a week before they realized all 150 employees' business cards were misprinted.... they had 1000 cards for EACH of us fixed in 2 days before we opened. thats rare. we would have employee meetings that would be fake, we would show up to find out that they rented out the local laser tag place for 2 hours for us as a surprise. Im reapplying now to work for them again. ", " An engaging, fast paced retail environment. I have never worked with a team of diverse, inspiring and multi-talented people before this company. A typical day doesn't exist as each day throws up new challenges and opportunities. The hardest part of the job is inevitably dealing with situations where things have gone wrong. The most enjoyable part of the job is overcoming them. ", " I loved Apple and it always was a fun gig, especially during launch days and overnights, my co-workers will forever be good friends of mine, the hardest part was demanding people and supply and demand, other than that it was a high demand sales gig, that taught me skills I will keep forever. ", " I worked and exceeded the requirements for my position and was given the opportunity to work in another area, which I accepted. Then I was fired almost a week later when they found out to many people were working in that area. It seemed to me that Apple over-hired temp employee's and then fired roughly 1/3 to 1/2 of them within two weeks of training. ", " I was in a position where the former CEO and new CEO sales philosophies clashed. Both CEO's were fantastic, but had different visions. I was the last to leave from my old team. ", " Great company with amazing corporate culture. Coworkers are always fun, interesting, and generally creative in some way.  Typical day is like any retail sales, but it's very low key how you interact with customers. Genuinely answer customers questions, find their needs and wants, and offer a solution. Many times it's just talking to someone about your own personal user experiences. No hard selling or trying to make quotas. If you are stumped, just be honest and find a colleague who may be able to help. Generally conversation is not very \"tech\" based--it's good to know what is in the machine, but most solutions will revolve around more with how it helps a user. Practically any time you want training on a product, you can ask to leave the floor and watch online videos on the clock.  You don't need to be that techie to get hired--honestly, during the group interview, the folks that seemed to only ooze tech never got hired. You don't even have to be an Apple user! Being creative in some way probably is very helpful. Once on board, there is a two-day training to solidly get you up to speed. It's focused, but pretty fun as you interact with your future team members. (Out of all the retail jobs I've had, only two of them did very concise and thorough multi-day trainings before you even step onto the sales floor--Apple Store and Whole Foods.)  Management at our store was great, but your mileage may vary. But they do seem to attract and hire some of the best retail managers overall.  Co-workers are amazing. They attract some of the best, most interesting and creative people, ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> and it's great to be in the same pool. As a lot of the day is just watching the floor when not with a customer, it's always full of interesting chatter when you're idle. They typically have great personalities too. Really does become a family.  The hardest part of the job is that typical stores can get VERY busy. It's not uncommon to go for hours just talking to customers non-stop. Customers are generally very interesting and polite. You will most likely encounter difficult customers tho, and they're usually more challenging than other retail--customers typically LOVE LOVE LOVE their products, so when it's not working for them, it is a much more intense affair than other retail. Also, some customers will be VERY new to not just using a Mac, but using tech in general, so a lot of patience is needed when tutoring customers. Also, some customers will challenge you when you try to sell them a drive for backup not realizing that hard drive failures are actually a pretty common occurrence, then if it occurs, they may return and be furious they were sold a \"defective\" product.  The most enjoyable part is being able to dazzle and delight a customer by showing them something cool, then selling a product to a customer that genuinely fills their needs. It's not uncommon for customers to return and seek you out just to thank you and share how they love their product. At times they'll just return to hang out and chat. ", " Typical day you seat in a chair all day You learn to be patient, have a great communication skills Co workers watch out, people see you as a enemy specially if you have great resume and people have similar background and they want to fire the stronger ones, in order to the big head don't be replaced due to the terrible job they are doing. Hardest part of the job is for you to wake up too early maybe, not for me, but for many other yes. Also you cannot trust anyone. When you do a great job you have happy customers. I would much rather be in a small company with compassionate people instead of in a corp with many disrespectful people. It is an individual choice ...I learned to make better choices to be surround positive and friendly not fake environment. ", " Everyday we have a quota and we have to receive 325 apple products minimum a day. When we're busy we get overtime when we are slow they send everyone home early with possible layoffs. Also I'am not permanent, i will be finishing my 1 year contact this coming June 20,2014 and I am in need of a full time position close to Elk Grove, CA or south Sacramento, CA as soon as possible. ", " Learned a lot of critical system process, mainly procedure writing and meeting deadlines.   \tProduct Change and Configuration Management with ten years experience in software &amp; hardware portables and hand held devices.   \tEmphases on problem identification, engineering changes, documentation, process improvement and facilitating CCB Change Control Board meetings.   \tWrote and maintained procedures that defined the training processes for engineering and CM including pre-audits, warranties, templates and various other continuous improvement initiatives.  \tTroubleshot root cause analysis, administered corrective action and documented processes by way of approved desktop procedures. Created and performed postmortems / lessons learned for product groups at the end of each release cycle. ", " I really enjoyed working for Apple when I first started nearly 3 years ago but since then the management has become sucker by the day. They micromanage and treat the sales team like children.  Coworkers are cool tho. Learned a lot from the training and from my peers. Not suitable job if you are a grad and need to make a decent living. Really good college job. ", " Benefits start immediate and are premium.  The environment in laid-back advancement opportunities are available for motivated and qualified folks.  Apples are always free at Cafe Mac! ", " great place to work started as a temp got hired quickly to a Apple Associate learned what it take to build a awesome product that people love worked 11-7 shift loved it cool and great boss very kind and fun guy the hardest part was staying awake at 5am the most enjoyable part was the offsites events and company parties and perks of being a Apple employee ", " Apple has set the bar for how companies should educate their employees. There was always time to develop and learn new skills. Management was always supportive and there for the customer and the employees. ", " My tenure with Apple Retail was a mixed bag indeed. Having never worked in retail, it was a shock on how rude and obnoxious people could be in a public setting. Apple Retail tends to hire young people and doesn't like to hire or retain older workers no matter their skill sets. Older workers were \"rode\" until they would quit or could be fired over minor infractions. We had people in our store that were in dress and behavior downright bizarre to the point that many customers were even afraid to interact with them. On the up side, it was good to help solve our customer's problems or help them make proper purchasing of Apple products. The pay for a Mac Genius is high for retail, but way below average for the same industry level position. ", " On a typical day we have reviews of overall store performance, and we set expectations on what must be done for the day. The managers encourage growth and development of employees to do there best, and co-workers are always there to help you out when you need it. ", " Apple is a very progressive company which empowers its employees to drive for new innovations and perfection in the tasks that they support.   Work/life balance is difficult for most employes to achieve.  Has a great cafeteria which supports vegans and vegetarians as well as multi-cultural requirements. ", " Just line up as a group and work on computer as long as computer are tested and label. I learn to cooperate the rules because it deal with Apple computer and Ipod. My co-worker and I work together and we eat lunch same time, we get along just fine. I don't think I have the hardest part of the job here because is easy process. Its was interesting assembly I learn to work with. ", " A great working opportunity that provided me with the important learnings of maintaining excellent customer relationships, and providing outstanding customer service. Apple was also a very diverse workplace which was great to see, as this reflected their product and company image. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " At Apple, my position entailed handling calls from 50+ customers on a daily basis.  These called ranged from simple product or software questions about iOS products to troubleshooting working with businesses and end consumers.  This often meant working with non Apple client software, research, troubleshooting, testing, and resolution.  For the first several months, my team was without a team manager and so we would often pull together to resolve issues without additional support.  The hardest part of this job was also what I found the most challenging and enjoyable.  No two calls were ever the same and we not only worked to fix the issue, but to fix the customer as well. ", " Focused on enhancing the quality of life at Legends Hall, one of UNT\u2019s upperclassmen dormitories. Provided on-going academic support, and assisted in the administration of campus wide rules and regulations to the three hundred students living within the dormitory. Prepared and executed multiple resident events that created a venue for residents to bond and establish both professional and personal ", " Apple provides an awesome workplace environment that's fast paced and full of energy.  A typical day at work is very fast paced, working with our customers and providing them with the keys and knowledge to have a wonderful experience with their product.  Management is knowledgeable, supportive, and maintains an open-door policy.  I really enjoy working with my team and my customers each and every day. ", " Apple Retail offers fantastic co-workers and culture in an environment where advancement is tough. Not a place to go if you're looking for a long term career with Apple, particularly on the corporate side. As a retail environment, though, it's tough to do much better. ", " The people who work the hardest and contribute the most to sales are appreciated the least and compensated poorly. They force a feeling of camaraderie with mandatory showing/viewing of videos (Apple commercials) in group settings. Management is aloof and condescending. ", " Apple offers a great work environment for its employees. I feel valued and appreciated for my skills. My coworkers are supportive and fun and are easy to engage with. ", " Excellent pay! The management was not always available. I felt as though I was constantly worried that I was going to get terminated. The metrics were almost impossible. ", " great history of the company working weekends xmas extremely busy ", " Great place for techie people looking for a part time job. Watch your back, management keeps notes on all employess ", " Job is more ideal for older people. The work can get excessive and stressful but it's a great opportunity to see how a corporation is ran and to get entry level experience in the world of accounting. There are some really smart management figures working here so it is a good place to come in and learn, it'll put you on a faster track for career growth. Stepping stone job for sure. ", " - High achieving team members - Creative and great attention to detail - User driven design and operations - Promotes fun culture via beer bash events ", "  \tManaged and maintained inventory to provide stellar customer experience  \tManaged the RMA, PO, Receiving, Adjustments, and 3PL shipment processes  \tOver-hauled the demo database used at store level to ensure accuracy for company audits  \tEnsured strict adherence to planogram to met technical and visual specifications for continuity among stores  \tParticipated in several Physical Inventory counts with outside auditors and inside stakeholders to keep the store within margin for Appl Corp. ", " I love apple retail the people are fun and I love helping people but I feel that the corporate is so much better than retail. The hardest part of the job is repairing relationships with people that may become very heated but the satisfaction of making their day really makes it very rewarding. ", " Amazing place to work and grow as a person as well as developing skills that help you through out your role and skills you carry into the next job too. ", " I love my co-workers.  They are the most interesting, hardworking group of people I have had the pleasure of working with. Every day is very fast paced, yet people are always willing to help me, when I have questions. ", " Apple was a great place to work. Culture was amazing, training was top notch. Customer interaction was great. Co-workers were great. Management was very motivational and encouraging. Learning new products was always exciting. Too many employees to really get noticed. Moving up in the company seemed impossible. ", " Prepare stores visual standards, My peers are the best, giving peer recognition to one another on a day to day basis. Being surrounded by creative talents, One of the hardest parts would be aligning with management with customers, Being able to teach customers how to utilize our products and software in their everyday life ", " I love working with unique individuals as peers and Apple is full of them.  I also enjoy the mindset and the things that separate themselves from everyone else.  I wish they were more clear about positions applied for vs what they interview for.  I applied for leadership as I am qualified for such a position.  When i was hired I was offered a position we never discussed and took the job for additional income as a part-time job. ", " Apple was an amazing company to work for, they had clear progression routes and encouraged promoting internally. Over time things changed. There were lots of opportunities to develop, however not many of those opportunities offered any bonuses in terms of money. Due to the long opening hours, it can quite easily take over your life. If you want to learn how to deal with difficult customers, then Apple is the place to be, especially at the Genius Bar. However, if you think it is all high fives, and customer service (which it used to be!) then you will be surprised, it is the same as any other retailer now, it is all about figures and how to reach them. The only bonus being that they do (or at least did) pay a lot more than most retailers. ", " Oscar, you showed a skilled use of Drive for Results this last quarter by setting an Exchange Goal of meeting the market standard of 13 Business Connections per quarter. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Team was great to work with management was always supportive ", " it was fun to work there on a day to day basis, the sales specialist are a fun group to work with they are friendly, management and back of house are the areas you need to worry about. other than that good company ", " Apple prides themselves on customer loyalty, quality products and exceptional customer service (including tech support).  They have fantastic benefits and adequate pay. They mostly hire very tech savvy people who have a vast background in troubleshooting, customer service, and knowledge of products similar to what Apple sells.   The most challenging part of the job is the constant flood of customers, one after the other (referred to as back-to-back calls) who almost always start the call frustrated and sometimes even irate. Understandably, they're calling us because their very expensive Apple product is malfunctioning in some way, or they've become frustrated trying to get a specific function or feature to work. A huge part of the job is empathizing and wording everything you say in a way that will ensure the customer you not only genuinely care about them and their issue, but also that you are fully competent and committed to fixing their issue.   Another down side to this particular position is working from home. While it may be ideal for some, it proved to not be the best atmosphere for myself. I prefer working closely with others, enjoying an office environment and creating work relationships that help to boost moral.  Some of my favorite things about Apple: the customers absolutely love the Apple products, most customers own several different Apple devices and products and have for years, it's fantastic to work for a company who has built such a loyal and dedicated customer base. I also love working with people in general, whether it be co-workers, managers, or customers. ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> I am extremely people oriented and have worked in some sort of service industry my entire life. This is a great part of Apple, they do everything they can to make work as fun as it can be. They reward and congratulate their employees appropriately, I truly feel appreciated while working for Apple. ", " I was on production lane, so constantly under pressure to achieve my target. ", " You will work with me great people, but besides all the bluster around the brand. Don't forget you work in retail. ", " This overall is a good company. There is not much balance between work and personal life. The discounts and benefits are awesome. You get to meet a lot of interesting co-workers from all backgrounds and customers as well. There is always room for movement in the company with enriching career experiences. ", " It is a great dynamic and friendly environment, which demands a prompt response in order to delivery excellence to the needs of the customer and the organization itself. I believe to have developed  good communication skills and a better understanding of international corporate organization and UK work culture. Nonetheless it is important to mention that despite a physical demand that catering/hospitality industry demands I personally find it an unique experience and very inspiring towards to achieving my first accountancy job. ", " Fast pace, stressful and demanding. It was a great job because of the people I worked with. ", " I was lucky enough to be an intern for Apple Computer for two summers in a row within the graphic design department.   I worked closely with their production team.   I would log photos in there cumulus database. This made it easier for photographers to locate certain pictures they might need for an ad they were working on. ", " Fantastic Company, amazing culture, fast paced, innovative, exciting ", " It was pleasure working here at Apple. Wonderful experience. Got to learn new things. ", " Great place to work in the SLED space.  My day would be a mix of sales calls, setting meetings and doing onsite visit to account to plan projects.  I learned how the SLED space works regarding funding and what options school districts have with their MNO funds and using grants to aquire new technology.  My management was there on a weekly conference call for the team to help with any issues or needs that may need to be addressed.  My co-workers were always helpful and willing to help or answer any questions that I may have had during my time.  The hardest part of the job was the lack of funds available to the client and trying how to estabilish a yearly technology budget.  I enjoyed being around the client and establishing long term business relationships with them and earning their trust. ", " An awesome experience helping those in need. A time to help others and to be thankful of everything you have in your life. ", " - Fast paced technical environment with great rewards - Competitive income for students and professionals with future  - Fantastic benefit, great time off, flexible hours - Cares about your educational progression, great reimbursement system.  - Great company to retire to, stock plan a must.  - Management knows how to talk to people, respectful, helpful.  Managers want employees to succeed. ", " Working at Apple is more than just a job. Its a learning experience that I'm grateful to be a part. ", " Apple is a fantastic place to grow your personal attributes and try new things. ", " Very open and lax job culture. However very hard to maintain a proper work life balance, as well as move up in the company. Advancement is more so a popularity contest, and raises are minimal at best. ", " Keeping it short, this is a great company to work for, but it will take precedence over many things in your life.  If you like people and socializing, this is not the place for you (at least the at-home positions). ", " A high rate of turn overs with contracts lasting one year, the over time was the hardest just because it was the swing shift.Over all a decent place to work ", " Passionately engages customers by showcasing how products can enrich their lives.  Builds relationships and establishes bonds with every interaction by providing multiple solutions.  Strives to inspire colleagues/peers to create, learn, share and question; encourages open dialogue.  Consistently seeks opportunities to assist every department in the Apple store in an effort to better ones knowledge base and personal development.  Involved with multiple aspects of the business including, but not limited to, Sales, Workshops and Visual merchandising. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I worked as a Red Zone Specialist where we sold Apple products to walk in customers. I also helped customers who had technical issues with their device. ", " Apple provides a very exciting, fast-paced work environment with an excellent team-oriented dynamic that is focused on personal/professional growth. While this is an extremely demanding job on all fronts, Management is very supportive and understanding.   A typical work day is generally very intense, with a non-stop sense of busyness to accommodate the high level of traffic that salespeople are expected to interact with. I particularly enjoy this, as the entire sales process is very engaging and customer-needs-focused.   While unlike any type of retail store, the job does require employees to be extremely flexible and adapt to changing store needs and scheduling.   I have learned a great amount in the three years I have been with Apple - especially in regard to successful sales interactions, of which I am one of the top-performing salespeople in my class in terms of sales report standings. Developing a comprehensive solution to meet the needs of our customers is an exceptionally satisfying and fulfilling part of the job. ", " Apple is a great company to work for.  The culture created at the store level is one that is supportive and challenging.  The management understands the demands placed on the workers so there is always someone in your corner. ", " A typical day would be just  apple customers get the best customer experience you could provide. The management really prided our store on customer service and listening to what the customers wanted. I would say the Most enjoyable part of the job was seeing my customer happy with their purchase. ", " I can say enough about how much inspiration is around Apple. Everything we do is for the customer and that I can appreciate. However Apple is better for coming on the end of your career when you have 10 to 15 years of work experience. But if you have matured within the company than you might feel left out when it comes to vertical growth opportunities. It is easier to move up in the company coming externally then it is internally. ", " Busy and fast paced environment surrounded with great coworkers. ", " My co-workers make a fun working environment. days are very fulfilling and exciting. management is great. hardest part is stayin awake sometimes as it is a night shift ", " I loved working with Apple! Every day was something different in the retail store -- that made it fun and never routine! I learned tons of information about Apple and how they choose to operate -- from launch tactics, to BOH strategies, to visual merchandising, and customer relations. Apple is the best of the best and it was an honor to give them 4 years of my services. The most enjoyable part of the retail store is the Product Launches!!! ", " A typical day for me was waiting for the storm to hit. Creative direction changed many times a day for many days at a time, and the 3D rendering artists at the end of the chain would get the go ahead to start work with very little time to create high quality 3D renders. The payoff is seeing your hard work everywhere. Management is top-notch, and everyone puts in the long hours needed to create the content to Apple standards. The creative talent there is the best in the business, and everyone I worked with was really enjoyable to be around. You can't ask for more in your co-workers. My favorite part of contracting there was learning from the super talented artists that surrounded me. ", " Very busy. Must possess patience, positive attitude and the ability to empathize with customers. There are endless growth opportunities for employees who are ambitious and don't get discouraged easily. ", " I worked with their summer program for 2 months.  Training is intense but you leave feeling equipped to do the job.  But with any over the phone customer support job they can't prepare you for everything.  Calls vary day to day, minute to minute.  Very rewarding job. ", " Implementation of The vision Care institute project as a core strategy to increase Professionals knowledge that lead us to increase Sell-out in North cone countries over 20% during 2009- 2010.   Sales Growth in Colombia 2009 Vs 2008 18%, being the 3rd fastest growing country in the world   Sales Growth in Venezuela 2009 Vs 2008 52%, being the fastest growing country in the world   Increased participation of focus products from 2% to 10% on key accounts through the deployment of the Campaign \"Give your glasses a day off\" in Malls and Retailers.   New products Mix over 50% in Colombia, Ecuador and Peru   New products Mix in Venezuela from 18% to 30% at the end of 2009   Encore award, for the participation in TVCI project, first institute in Latin America ", " Work was easy, pay was great. Job security is not the best. Enjoyed the work from home position. Apple sends you the equipment needed to do the job ", " You must have political savvy if you want to move up in the organization, you are not judged or evaluated by results you are ranked on how well you conform to the companies hierarchy and culture.  You can excel in your goal attainment but the leadership doesn't like you socially, you career path is limited.  They offer great benefits and work life balance, and people are friendly.  Best part of the Job was introducing customers to new technology.  Learned that business is political and nice guys truly do finish last at let at Apple. If this is how business is done then I'll remain on a path that allows me to treat people with dignity and respect and let's me sleep at night. ", " There's no such thing as a typical day at this job. Everything in constantly in flux, what with new products announced fairly regularly, to customers walking through our door with their own unique set of issues to be resolved. The people who work here are the absolute best at what they do. They are all passionate and motivated, and their only goal is to provide an excellent customer experience and show the customers what they can do with our technology in their lives.   Management is engaged with employees for the most part, there are times where an associate needs a manager and there are none to be found. Management is committed to employee development, and is interested in learning about us even when we are not at the office.  One of the tougher parts of the job is just keeping pace with the amount of people walking through our doors on a daily basis. We are expected to be able to help every customer in a timely manner, regardless of circumstances. The reason this is challenging is due to the fact that we oftentimes do not have the manpower to handle the amount of traffic we see come in.   The most enjoyable part of this job is by far the people you work with. These are some of the most passionate and dedicated individuals a person will ever work with. Couple that with the fact that they are all extremely nice, talented people and you've got yourself a winning team. ", " Very cool and fun place to work! They give you a lot of freebies, and have overtime contests where they give away things like iPads, Macs, and more. ", " If you are a top notch A+ personality you will love working here. ", " I was working under a temp agency when i worked for apple. I only had a 1 year contracted and then i got laid off for 6 months. Apple enviroment was good the coworks were fine the actual apple employees made is seem to us like they were better then us. ", " The main asset of this hospital is growing knowledge. The surgeon at this is the sole owner of hospital and he was very encouraging when it comes to the profession. As a chief physical therapist, I was given full freedom to contact him at any time regarding treatment of patients. He used to discuss about every patient before and after surgery which helped me sharpen my knowledge and perform the best. Hospital was providing very good facilities to every patient. Spacious  physical therapy department with very good equipment. Hospital culture was very flexible and friendly. Hardest part of job was 'pay'. Payment was not impressive. ", " Working as a Technical Support/Customer Service Officer at Apple was a rewarding and challenging job.  Everyday consisted of learning new things and being able to quickly adjust to ideas and procedures being implemented.   It taught a lot about adaptability and building rapport with customers quickly. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Worked at Apple fixing Winchester disk dives and when done went on to next assignment ", " Working in the Apple stores is no joke! It is fast pace and hard but it is the best retail job I have ever had. I had nothing but a great experience when working there. ", " - Managed localization at AppleCare - Great co-workers to work with ", " Apple is an awesome company for anyone to work at! They focus so much on the employee and customer experience and work hard at maintaining the high level of performance from everyone in the company as well as the culture. As part of Apple, your voice has equal impact as every other team member and feedback is valued. They pay very well and have a lot of awesome benefits! ", " great company to work for. they are very open to new ideas and work around your schedule ", " i designed structure for a company as a steel structure and i have been pursue this project as a director and manager for 1.5 years and etc ", " In the department that I was in it was very Micro-Managed. I loved Apple Inc when I first got hired on. I would feel like I was a part of something new and wonderful. However when I was hired with the Order Admin team that changed. It felt stale. Managers would yell at you across the room with no recourse. Sometimes you are able to go to HR to report these individuals other times they automatically seem to side with the managers. It just wasn't the Apple Inc. I enjoyed. I would love to work for Apple Inc again just never for that department. ", " Apple is very selective at choosing the best employees. I have never had a manager that wasn't polite and cared about your well being. Each manager wants you to prosper and grow that they meet with you every quarter to talk about goals and how you can improve. Their pay is great for a retail store. They are very considerate about your personal life and will accommodate you with emergencies and family issues. It is a very rewarding job. ", " Great environment to hone people skills; work as a team and share in the successes of other team members. ", " The work atmosphere was great, working with the team by my side was a bonus, being able to assist customers with exemplary service is what I live for. Great place to work. ", " learned things I will use even after Apple co-workers were amazing great benefits ", " Amazing Experience and lots of fun with targets to achieve helped in providing an experience in Electronics . ", " This is by far the best retail company that I've worked for in all my years of customer service. From the co-workers to the customers. ", " Logging in, chatting with co workers, receiving fun chats and messages. Management appraisal and coaching, Self Guided Training, Speaking with customers from all different ethnicicities Hardest part of the job is sometimes know when to end a call or escalate to a superior. The most enjoyable part is the job opportunity itself. ", " A typical day will mostly consist of helping customers find the best solutions for there personal are business needs. Ive learned about while working at Apple around leadership and feedback. My co-workers love to have fun and help each other whenever possible. The hardest part of my job i guess would be around customers who expect you to give them solutions out or capabilities. I mostly enjoy the companies non sales approach around the products. ", " A typical day for a boh specialist at Apple consisted of daily counts of inventory, shipping and receiving product, keeping the front of house stocked, bringing out product requests, assist customers to and from vehicles, and assist with sales in the front. I learned how to build lasting relationships with customers that would enter the store. Management was a great staff of people who each had their unique attributes to aid in growth within the company. My co-workers became a second family to me. The hardest part of the job was the holidays, but it was fun. The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to work with a great group of people. ", " Apple's culture is a definite positive in this work environment. From the time you enter the building to punch the clock until you leave you come across people that are friendly and passionate about their work day. I would recommend working here to any one of my friends or family. ", " Great pay, sometimes bad managers, 0 chance of advancement. ", " Great Place to work, place really cares about you. Management is good depending on store. Co-workers are awesome. Can be very busy and demanding ", " While the job is essentially retail, my role requires me to wear many hats and has allowed me to gain skills that will help me in not just my current role and job but in any career I seek.  The management has a very open door policy and allows you say want you want in a positive-intent environment.  Co-workers, while young, care about their positions and have fun at the same time. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple is an amazing company that specializes in creating products that enrich people's lives. The company creates a challenging environment that allows it's employees to do what they do best. Simply put there are plenty of companies that could learn form how Apple values it's people and their customers. ", " Awesome company to work. There is a lots of scope to work/innovate. ", " Working as Rework technician testing iPads, and iPhones \tRestored, downloaded, and updated applications for iPads and iPhones \tWorked on Apple server called Global Service Exchange (GSX) to check the product dispatch information, customer comments, and update the information of products being repaired ", " Apple offered an excellent work environment along with the opportunity for educational growth. ", " Systems analyst. I work for Apple under the Beats branch.  Please see Beats review. ", " Productive place to work. But Lacks management and morals and respect for their employees ", " A laid back respectful fun place to work. I learned ALOT very interesting situations on how to handle them. Management and my co workers are GREAT, nothing was hard about this job at all. I met a lot of good people. ", " Responded to and resolved customer issues with iPhone usability (dropped calls, email and text message problems) \u2013 provided troubleshooting support to determine if issues were network-based and needed to be routed to AT&amp;T, or higher tier at Apple. ", " A typical day at work is very not so typical at all. Every day is completely different because customers are very different from one another. ", " AppleCare advisors used to have a much better ability for work life balance - new changes allow for cross skilling at a much more aggressive queue management practice. \"Mandatory\" overtime abounds.   Floor management is a revolving door of misinformed, freshly promoted or on \"rotation\" reps who have no consistent team management policies or metric goals.  However - as tech call center jobs go they are above par. But for the experience that one would expect for a more relatively \"advanced\" corp? People come for the resume power and leave for better offers. ", " If you can handle micro managing and overwhelming work loads, this is the company for you!  The pay was very nice and the benefits are top notch!  Sick pay, paid vacation, stock options, great 401K match ", " Mid-Level Managers and Directors lack the management and leadership skills to develop employees and team building. The work environment leads to competition and placing blame on other teams to shift blame from one group to another. It is like there are hundreds of small Apples each fighting each other for recognition and funding. ", " Typical day at work was spent handling incoming calls for Apple Products. Solving customer issues and gaining customer trust in the brand.  I learned a lot about computers and tech products. Also helped me gain a much better understanding of the customer experience and how to recognize different types of customers.  Co Workers were motivated and great to work with.  This job was not hard. They made learning new things fun and helped you face challenges head on.  Most enjoyable part of this job was the customer experience. ", " Benefits start immediate and are premium.  The environment in laid-back advancement opportunities are available for motivated and qualified folks.  Apples are always free at Cafe Mac! ", " They outsource the call center help to a company that does respect its employees.  Home work balance is awful. You work 44 hours on calls for 8 months out of the year, and you are pressured to take extra time off when they are 'slow' even when you are not compensated enough to buy food and bills. ", " Working for this Company not recommended. They hire anyone from other countries on contract with Volt Workforce Solutions, you don't need any computer skills at all.   Learned very little.   Bad management.   They all speak differant languages and some don't speak english.   Hardest part of job is being there. Best part of job is going home. ", " Good. typical 9 to 6 environment with need to stay late at times. Sometimes all month through. ", " Remained articulate and effective while working under difficult tasks and temperaments Provided exceptional support to daily operations Processed monetary transactions for consumers Processed application for Apple Finance Desk Handled multiple escalations for Apple Online Store Escalations Team Processed and reviewed Apple Store for Business orders ", " Delivering world class customer service and creating a great experience for Apple customers (Apple Online Store). Listening, discovering, clarifying, recommending &amp; bringing solutions for Apple customers. Advising and tailoring recommendations to customer\u2019s needs. Tracking customer sales and supporting them using applications. Handling customer\u2019s queries and complaints via phone, email and chat. Scored top quality customer service results and exceeded Key Performance Indicator rates. Following up on customer queries on services provided. ", " I'm usually first in the door and hit the ground running. I'd check-in with co-workers and see what was \"hot\" and if I could assist. Management was brought in from outside and it made it difficult for any long time employee to advance. I enjoyed seeing the job through and \"catching the bad guy.\" "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple's greatest asset is their customers. This is reflected in everything they do be it products, services, or experience. Obsessing over the customer experience lends to the extreme success of the company. To be a part of something so grand can be overwhelming however always rewarding! ", " Working for Apple has done nothing but made me a better person 10 folds. They truly care about their employees and make the retail experience one of a kind. ", " While I have loved working at Apple, the retail level isn't a permanent home. While jobs like Target or Walmart are great for the high school/college kid who need something to last until they find a career, Apple Retail feels like it is for post-grads who just don't know what they want to do. I, myself, am someone who never got a degree and am happy with Apple as a fall-back. If I had a degree, I would not have been at Apple for as long as I have. ", " This is a great job for work at home. They offer substantial pay increases when you do your job correctly. Also you are allowed to choose your scheduled when you are a top performer. Absolutely great benefits as well, as they offer medical, dental, life, 401K. You are compensated well.   Some members of management can be 'cliquey\" and tend to hire or promote their buddies. If you can stay away from those type of managers, you'll do well. ", " Working for Apple is great and everyone there is always open to helping each other out whenever the need arises. When coming into work everyone greets each other while getting ready for the day ahead. Management is always making sure that you are taken care of and that all of your needs are being taken care of. There is so much information available to the employees to help them better themselves and move up in the company. So much information can sometimes be overwhelming but the trick is to focus on a specific career goal. The most enjoyable part of the job would definitely be the joy of knowing you helped someone out and provided them a valuable customer support experience. ", " Great Place to work. Enjoyed working there. Talented people around. Can leverage own talent and skills Great Opportunities are given. ", " I work with different people everyday. I assist with technical support and recommendations on Apple products suitable for the needs of the consumer. I work with the greatest staff. We all learn from each other on technology, background, and culture. The hardest part of the job is working with various people. The demand for Apple products is extreme. We, Apple, do our best to assist customers on a timely basis and provide them with the essential information. The most enjoyable part of my job is meeting new people and creating wonderful experiences. ", " Apple the fastest pace and product developmentally the most challenging. I loved working with all the Engineers and Steve Job too. The work was fun and I like to build new Mobile products. We released both the iPad and iPhone 4 and broke AT&amp;T's Network. We had so much demand for both products that the website and NI stopped working. Capacity had max out. It was a very exciting and fun environment to insure customer satisfaction on every level. Extreme attention to detail so that every product and feature released was a \"no fail environment\". ", " Logging into the System and receive calls on various technical issues. I learned about Apple Products and how to assist and sell on-line. Settimg up and Troubleshooting on Apple Devices and Computers. Management was disastrous and incompetent for the Standard of Services I was used in other IT Companies. My co-workers, often recruited and selected casually but friendly. The worst part was having a Customer on the Phone and having a mentor shouting at you at the same Time. The best part was out of the squallid Offices, when I could enjoy the beauty of Athens. ", " Never did the same job twice. Some days you are assisting customers in making purchasing decisions by providing informed information on key products. Other days, you are manning a station that is primarily set for handling customer troubleshooting questions. Other days, you are the phone operator answering calls and guiding requests to the correct correspondent. ", " I talk to customers about their i phones and how to fix them if i can otherwise i would set them up with a appointment to have the phone repaired at a apple store ", " I connect with people, and shine.  I create rapport with our internal and external customer effortlessly. I are very approachable and I use humor to put people at ease quickly.  While in a apple training session, I do my best to give the customer I individual attention and personalized service\u2014which helps them focus on their training in a store environment that could be distracting. The most enjoyable part about my job is enriching the customer life, introducing the customer to technology that will open other there mind to a whole new world. ", " Because no one customer is the same as another, working at Apple has taught me patience and different ways to deal with difficult and uncomfortable situations. ", " One thing that is a constant at Apple is change. New products, great software!   Supporting customers and helping people discover new things is always a blast. Resolving issues and making a customers day even better is a reward in itself!  Working from home is a privilege and being provided with swag is a great bonus as well. The biggest challenge as an at Home Advisor is networking and advancing because advancing is completely dependent on metrics, and many times, that is out of the advisors control.   Having the right manager is also vital as the team managers are who help guide your career path. I have been with Apple for just under 2 years and have had 4 managers, which can be a tad challenging. ", " Great place to work great training and work benefits.  The products basically sell themselves and everyone want to know how to use them and how they can own one. Excellent work life balance ", " Working for Apple from home might be one of the greatest experiences. Typical day includes helping out many, many customers with their issues with various Apple devices. It's been such a great experience becoming so knowledgeable about all of Apple's technology. ", " Apple is a great place to learn about technology and to work with amazing people....and build not only knowledge but a friend base that will last a lifetime. ", " I would not be looking for another job if I was able to stand on my feet all day and work a complete shift without physical problems. ", " A typical day at work consists of assisting accessibility (vision and/or hearing impaired) and non-accessibility callers with their iOS devices. On a daily basis, the team members will help one another out when a problem they are having on a call cannot be fixed on their own; teamwork is strongly encouraged and vital in this position. The team of managers in the iOS division are always pushing their team to reach full potential. The hardest part of the job is the volume of callers, but helps to maintain a rapport with customers, as well as keep focus on the task at hand. The most enjoyable part of the job is the sense of accomplishment by resolving issues which customers feel to be impossible. ", " I am a self starter with energy to overwhelm my managers. I come in ready to get to my customers and complete their needs in a prompt, professional way and never leave until the job in done to there satisfaction.  How to work with many customers. They are the most important purpose of my job. Management changes over night and I get along with 99% of the management I have worked for. My coworkers are like my family, and we get along great. Leaving for the day. Showing up for my shift. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple Retail functions much like other national retail brands, with a few differences, here and there in the overall daily operations.  I learned quite a bit about myself with regards to how I manage my team, how much I enjoy working with my team and customers on a daily basis with their goals and needs, and what I want for myself in the future.  Management is very supportive at all levels, promoting growth and development on a daily basis in a challenging and invigorating atmosphere.  My co-workers were some of the most diverse, gifted and intelligent people I have ever had the opportunity to work with, and I am glad to count them as friends.  The hardest part of the job was not having the operational expertise to be able to do everything myself, as in my previous roles with other companies, the managers, especially Store Managers, were expected to be the experts on everything in the store, and more often then not, were required to juggle many different roles at once.  Not so with Apple.  My most enjoyable part of my role was working with the customers and my team, helping them solve whatever issues they were dealing with at the time in addition to achieving their goals. ", " Apple has good benefits for full time employees and after working one year as part time benefits. Co-workers are good, young, fun people and make the job as good as it can be. Strong customer service skills are required here. Business is fast paced and busy all the time. Good place to learn about Mac's and Mac software. ", " I loved the position I held at Apple, Inc. It was centered around customer service, but also required the ability to research and troubleshoot customers' issues \"on the fly\", with every call different from the previous. ", " The Apple Store is a great place to work if you're in college because of the odd retail hours. The benefits are great as is the pay. However, if you have a family and you want to be able to see them on weekends and holidays I would suggest that you look elsewhere. I have worked at two different Apple stores and the experience at both was about the same. ", " I was lucky enough to be an intern for Apple Computer for two summers in a row within the graphic design department.   I worked closely with their production team.   I would log photos in there cumulus database. This made it easier for photographers to locate certain pictures they might need for an ad they were working on. ", " Working in Apple Education division was very rewarding. I liked all the people and Management as well as the customers of Apple Education. ", " Research, analytical and communication skills are imperative within this role. Working with a team of engineers and product analysts focused on improving current and upcoming Apple technology being released in UK. Extreme patience and understanding required as communication was between many different types of people. ", " Daily round on facility: looking for leakage, irregular noise and burning smell. I learned the preaction for the fire system, chemical treatment for cooling water tower. The most enjoyable part of work is when I clock out and know all my missions are complete and leave my co-worker in a safe and healthy working environment ", " Awesome experience, great people, diversity (multicultural environment: 30+ languages represented on site. Oh, and they also have 3 great kitchens at Hollyhill. ", " Everyone that works there knows and truly cares for each other.  It's the closest I've ever felt to any coworkers during any of my jobs.  Truly one of the best experiences I've had working. ", " Wonderful time leading a sales team at Apple. The people were what made the job so memorable, as well as the product. Integration of Apple products into people's lives helped them and we found what worked best for them. ", " Great company to work for! I learned a lot of things that will contribute to my career over the long run. I am happy to say that I was employed by Apple. ", " Amazing experience.  Had the benefit of working for both the corporate, and retail programs.  Has given me great perspective. ", " very poor compensation, very demanding hours.  Management had expectations that were completely unreasonable.  They timecard system works against itself, turnover is way to high and could be circumvented if management treated employes like adults and not high school students. ", " A typical day at work is the most enjoyable that I have had anywhere else. Finding solutions, teaching prospective owners how Apple Technology is life changing. Unbelievable support for co-workers and management team. ", " Every day you are interacting with customers.  Some wanting information on the newest tech, some having issues, and some just attending workshops to learn more information.  You learn and develop great skills to help with your personal and professional life. ", " Working at Apple was never a chore. The staff that I was able to interact with, all the way up to department VPs, was incredibly considerate and pushed the staff to follow their dreams, event if that wasn't with Apple. ", " I enjoyed working for Apple, Inc, Their expectations were high but they gave me the tools and support to be successful.  I was responsible for the quality processes, status of both mfg. and quality documents for sub assemblies being manufacture in China and Japan. Held daily and weekly meeting to confirm with the suppliers that they were working with current Apple prints, mfg. proceedures and process/tooling maintence and quality doceuments. Conducted daily line audits (mfg processes/and inspection points. I was in touch with my manager on a daily and weekly cycle even though I was in China/Japan. ", " Great place to work with a large number of talented people. A typical day for me is working with internal and external customers, manage inventory. It can be difficult to manage shrink in a fast pace retail, but it can be done. I enjoy working with the people I do. ", " Great place to work as I was able to use my top notch technology skills and my human resources background/experience. I was also able to use my Spanish speaking skills on a daily basis. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " -Very seasonal work, centered around new product introduction -Must be able to derive satisfaction from the job itself, because there is very little in the way of outside appreciation of hard work -The Austin office has a culture problem, the operations department is referred to as Dellmazon for a reason ", " Great job however too much importance is placed on upselling and add-on sales, also a seasonal position ", " I answered about 100 in-bound calls, I had a sales goal each day to achieve. I was the online store and sold hundred of products. ", " good experience, good experience , little pay and little advancement ", " Apple is a place where the sky is the limit. For those are motivated to learn and be challenged.  Regular duties include staying up on trends in technology and pop culture. ", " Typical work day is very busy as expected. I love how they trained me from day one to my last day before I retire. Great company, great people, very friendly, and amazing environment. ", " - High stress due to the location having the highest volume of guests and sales in the company - Lots of opportunities for movement within the company - Scheduling for a 24 hour store proved difficult to balance work and life - Learned countless interpersonal skills and technical skills - Co-workers of all ages and backgrounds - Assisting every person in the store, both specialist and manager with problem solving within the job was the most rewarding aspect ", " Great Company. Great Co-workers, Chaotic Atmosphere. Management unreliable. Horrible work/life balance. ", " Typical day as a Apple technical advisor is challenging and you don't really know exactly what to expect from customers. However i enjoyed that challenge each and everyday as it helped me gain more and more knowledge on not only the product but how to relate &amp; deal with different type of customers at hand. The management was \"shifty\" seeing as how when i got employed, most of the old advisors moved up to supervisors so it was kind of new to them. I would have to say the hardest part about working at Apple is learning the information and having to implement it to the customers in such short notice. Data, info &amp; updates changes almost everyday. Just for the simple fact in the same token you have to keep customers happy, remain professional at all times, and be efficient with the information your providing them. The most enjoyable part was the job environment and being able to learn Apples intriguing information and getting heads up on upcoming devices, software etc. ", " I loved this company.  I believed in their mission.  Their goals, their products.  \"Making the world's best products and enriching lives.  One at a time.\"    but this credo is lost through corporate greed.  Upper management trying to cover their behinds.  And company policies that really don't make sense.  It makes it difficult for the employee AND the customer sometimes.    But Overall,  Apple does have many unique aspects that make this company great! ", " I began at the Apple Store as a Specialist, aiding customers in their purchasing experience.  Due to my love for people and education, I quickly grew into the role of Expert, meaning that I now handled training and troubleshooting for both customers and employees.  Overall, I found that the company really puts the employee and customer experience first, which is a rarity in the retail world. ", " Apples Fraud department, is a quick paced, challenaging yet rewarding position. ", " I liked the job it was temporary though. I worked on the assembly line ", " The most enjoyable part of the job are the people that you interact with day to day! ", " Good place to work. We get to work on new technology.It is fun working here. ", " Accountable for the sales of the AT&amp;T Advertising Solutions portfolio of products (SEM, SEO, Online Display, Mobile Ads, Direct Mail, Banners, Websites, Mobile, Videos, etc) throughout, but not limited to, Middle Tennessee and Western Kentucky to SMB. Manage a direct budget of over 1,000 customers for &gt;$10M annually and 10 Account Executives.   Responsible for achieving overall sales objectives, including revenue growth and net increase, product penetration,      productivity, advertiser growth, adjustments &amp; complaints, customer satisfaction, turnover and training objectives ", " Very good job experience. Learned many new skills Met many great people ", " HOW THE APPLE COMPUTER WORKS  MANAGEMENT HAD A VERY HIGH TURN OVER  I WORK WITH SOME GREAT PEOPLE.  WAS LEAVING  TALKING TO PEOPLE ON THE PHONE ", " Nice place to work in a thriving busy environment.  Good colleagues with good atmosphere to work in. ", " I loved Apple and it always was a fun gig, especially during launch days and overnights, my co-workers will forever be good friends of mine, the hardest part was demanding people and supply and demand, other than that it was a high demand sales gig, that taught me skills I will keep forever. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " For good reason Apple is an interesting cultural mix of micromanagement and geographic diversity. People from all over the world work there. Since you cannot talk about projects you have to talk about people and where they are from and what their interests are. I learned allot. ", " An exciting place to work. Fascinating products and customer focused company. Compensation may not be as good as other equivalent companies. ", " They have good salary but not much room for growth. Not much flexibility with the scheduling you have to bid every six months and if your customer surveys are not at 90% you get really bad times to start work. ", " Freelance editor to help them with WWDC. Worked with a great team of editors and engineers to meet our daily goals. Worked long hours but worth every minute being there. ", " A typical has me surrounded around really good persons where we all work in a challenging environment and in the ended we're compensated, both monetarily but also with recognition, generously. ", " Great place to work and teach - terrific team members and management. It can be a challenge, but there are great resources to make the day amazing! ", " Business Specialist responsible for supporting the red zone , coaching the value of the business introduction, Net promoter score and business awareness. Previously a Apple online store Manager Representative, handled customer service recovery. ", " Apple was a fun company to work for. Working long days and weekends are a typical Apple Employee. You try to have a work life balance but that is really up to you or work will take over. Company events are always fun! ", " The transition with new management has been a challenge. The store has a different feel than before. Management is very challenging, however some of the best co-workers I have met. The hardest part of the job was the demand for time that management placed on technicians. The most enjoyable part of the job was leaving it. ", " Ops / Supply Chain at Apple is a challenging and fast-paced environment.  You will learn a lot and gain a lot of new skills but you will also have to give up a lot to be successful at apple.  There is essentially no work-life balance in ops / supply chain roles. ", " Not a bad place to work, wouldn't work there again if I had the chance to, full of optimistic people, but too much stress on the job. Management is alright but goals are kinda unreachable especially at christmas. ", " Apple is a pretty nice company. Working for Apple no matter what position you are doing you get support from peers, great resources and trainings such that you do not need to be a techy to succeed in your role. The company knows that life is happening so they are very flexible and willing to understand your problems and support you the right way. The benefit is the greatest I have seen so far... ", " Everyone there is always happy and in a great mood! You feel trusted and a special part of the workplace. Best place to work at. Also opens up a lot of opportunities, and great benefits. ", " i used my english degree and spoke on the phone with people having technical dificulties on their newly introduced at that time i-phone i really enjoyed that job ", " Apple has lead me to learn and grow in numerous ways. It has provided areas to learn and excel, but at the same time, grow stagnant.   There is a lack of promotion within, especially with new graduates who lack skills they are looking for. If you are a top performer and consistent in your work, they overlook you for others that have the skills from outside the company. ", " I enjoyed my time at Apple. I met people from all over the world in my capacity as a product specialist. Management was awesome and always encouraged us to achieve best results using Apple's proven best practices metrics. ", " Getting office prepared to take care of patients. Checking off check list making sure all equipment is in working condition and ready to use. It is a team effort, everyone pitches in to get it done. We check in patients and take care of their needs and medical problems. Keep the room stocked and the provider happy. You never know what to expect and it keeps you on your toes. ", " Creative and innovative environment. Apple is open to people from very different backgrounds and cultures. If you want to work for Apple, then master your planning skills. Well planned projects are key to your success at Apple. ", " Although only a contractor, this is one of the best places I have ever worked. The group dynamic was excellent because our boss was excellent, plus we had a great team. ", "  \tInspected items for any type of physical damage, checked if items were counterfeit.  \tEntered serial numbers, part numbers, and product descriptions into database.  \tHandled products with extreme caution, and repackaged them accordingly.  \tCommunicated with management, as procedures changed constantly.  \tAdapted quickly to new policies. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " A typical day at work is always interesting with the new faces and new dilemmas I face.  I learned different ways to help consumers deal with their problems everyday.   My co-workers and I were the best team that the company ever had.  The hardest part was sometimes understanding what the consumer may be dealing with.  The best part is after helping a customer and seeing that smile on their face. It makes you proud of what you do. ", " Company is not very big but people are very nice to you.The job is not very hard,but its like a part time job ", " It starts with meetings and ends with calls with offshore team. Learnt client interaction, design methods and SDLC. Management is very encouraging. Don't see anything as hardest part. Everything is good and most enjoyable things is lot of work. ", " A culture different than most. Its not perfect, but I feel like they care about their employes more than most places. ", " I learned to question customers for better understanding. I have great co-workers who are always willing to help and be a resource if needed. I'm always challenged by my customers and co-workers to learn more. The best part of my job is the personal connections I make on a daily basis that give me a feeling of enrichment. I always look forward to coming into work and start my day. ", " I typically spent most days either taking appointments at the Genius Bar for mobile device repairs or assisting customers with purchases.  I learned a lot about how a device is more than just a device; it is an essential part of our daily lives.   Most people on the management team were easygoing and very understanding.  My co-workers were the best part of my day. I really enjoyed the people that I worked with.  The hardest part of the job was telling people how much it would cost to have their device(s) repaired.  The most enjoyable part of the job was the overall atmosphere and enjoyment that it brings into the lives of others. ", " Working for apple was a great experience for me. They have medical benefits for part time employees and great discounts for Apple products. The atmosphere is laid back and management were great to work with. A great vibe. ", " A typical work day involved customer conflict resolutions, leading team shift meetings, reading emails, researching new technologies, and selling as much as I could in my shift. I learned that a place that has successfully been a brand that any household knows is too big to see upward movement. Management was subpar and not as authentic as they made out to be but still willing to help in dire times. My co-workers were the best thing that organization had to offer, although there were many of them they all had support to see each other succeed. The hardest part of the job was dealing with fraud amongst some consumers with apple stepping aside and just dealing with conversion and profits, rather than dealing with fraud issues and many other issues. Most enjoyable part of the job was working with apple products ", " A fun place to work and learn about Apple Culture. Understanding the Customers needs and how to trouble shoot the Devices. ", " I would recommend working for Apple Inc. It has been the genesis for most of my success in the last 5 years. Highly creative and intelligent employees and a great corporate culture. You will meet anyone and everyone. ", " Start the day with a team meeting to brief on new offerings, strategies, lessons learned, best practices and recognition. Handle sales, support, training, escalation resolution.  I learned that an organization that is focused on culture produces highly motivated, productive and continuously developing talent.  Management fundamentals were to assist with the personal development of each individual and lead an empowered team to provide world class customer service  Co-workers sustain a camaraderie greater than any other organization.  Facilitate continuous knowledge sharing techniques and provide feedback to better each other.  The constant, high paced and sometimes very demanding customers test the patience and empathy of our staff.  The most enjoyable part of Apple is being able to enrich the lives of customers through a magnitude of channels available from Apple.  From training, to support, to providing a product that will very well change their life. ", " Excellent experience and support/training.  Great opportunity to coach a large team and provide amazing experiences to each and every customer walking in to the store.   Most enjoyable part of the job was to work with such great talented team. Amazing opportunity to work on such great life changing products. ", " I enjoyed being employed by Apple. I worked both on-site and as a Home based agent. There were perks to both! ", " Great place to work. I liked my team and management. I liked working from home but it does get lonely. ", " Very good company . The only problem is that they do not hire permanently . Hiring is done by Volt services , a staffing company ", " *Fast paced days  *AppleCare  *Fun workplace  *Room to grow within company *Hard part is declining insurance to customers after 30 expiration ", " I worked till 1997 and it will be different now. We created innovative multi-media authorize software called ScriptX and started working on educational game product called Cocoa. ", " Pleasure to work with the team at this store.  It is like being a part of a family. ", " Apple is an ever changing constantly growing company, and every day is different than the one before when it comes to the products. It is a fast-paced fun environment to work in.   There is definitely opportunity to learn and grow on the retail level. Retail leadership does not have visibility to corporate level positions and opportunities.  The most enjoyable part of working at Apple is the sense of community each store has and the love of all the things Apple. ", " A typical day involved many different duties including troubleshooting and customer service.  This was a fun work environment that had a very relaxed culture.  Management was decent for the most part and my co-workers were a pleasure to work with.  The hardest part of my was the in depth troubleshooting, but was also my favorite because of the challenge that it provided me with, along with the sense of accomplishment. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " As a Creative a typical day of work is one where we teach customers as part of the One to One network how to use their compeers or software. In my case, I deal with not only basic Mac teaching and training but in Pro Software such as Final Cut Pro (v7 and X) and Aperture. We are taught to be patient and nurturing with the clients, since many are learning the software or hardware for the very first time.   Coworkers are very supportive of one another in the One to One section and will seek out answers to questions for each other and give support as a team.   The most enjoyable part of the job is seeing clients that you work with on an ongoing basis have that 'a-ha' moment, when all they have been trough comes together.   The hardest part, really, is when we cannot answer a question, or there is a technical glitch with a computer and we need to get them a genius appointment. We truly want them to have a great customer experience. ", " i used my english degree and spoke on the phone with people having technical dificulties on their newly introduced at that time i-phone i really enjoyed that job ", " Typical day at work was spent handling incoming calls for Apple Products. Solving customer issues and gaining customer trust in the brand.  I learned a lot about computers and tech products. Also helped me gain a much better understanding of the customer experience and how to recognize different types of customers.  Co Workers were motivated and great to work with.  This job was not hard. They made learning new things fun and helped you face challenges head on.  Most enjoyable part of this job was the customer experience. ", " I obtain leads making telephone calls, emails, responding to incoming requests and meeting customers that come in requiring Business services. I have a Business Briefing with each Business Customer to better understand their needs and company vision. Only then am I able to create a proposal to provide a complete solution for their business. I followup with my customers and encourage them to return to the store to attend Business Workshops, Training and to evaluate their current status of equipment. I develop long lasting relationships with my customers because of my sense of urgency with their needs, open communication and a willingness to learn about them. ", " Possibly one of the best parts of working for a company like Apple is the environment you work in and the people you work along side with. My role with Apple was mainly off of the sales floor and managing the \"behind the senses\" functionality of the technical half of our stores. Every day at work was exciting solely due to the employees and leadership teams you get to work along side with. I have never had a job where I got to work with so many unbelievably skilled people who simply love what they do. In addition to these employees was a leadership team who was always available and willing to help you succeed and grow both professionally and personally. ", " This is an awesome company. You have an opportunity to work with some of the most talented and amazing staff. The retail hours during product launches and holidays are long a challenge. The company holds customer service as a priority and makes helping customers a positive experience and not a job. ", " Apple was a fun company to work for. Working long days and weekends are a typical Apple Employee. You try to have a work life balance but that is really up to you or work will take over. Company events are always fun! ", " Great place to work and many opportunities to advance your career. If you have a chance to work in this role, GO FOR IT! Great colleagues and a fantastic work culture. ", " Working for this Company not recommended. They hire anyone from other countries on contract with Volt Workforce Solutions, you don't need any computer skills at all.   Learned very little.   Bad management.   They all speak differant languages and some don't speak english.   Hardest part of job is being there. Best part of job is going home. ", "  \tCoordinated with clients for requirement gathering.  \tDid the requirement analysis, impact analysis.  \tClient Interactions for Resolution of bugs, Enhancements and Modifications   \tDid the Database and application Design for the application.\t  \tDid code, design document reviews.  \tSupport the application.  \tDesigned applications and performed code review with other developers  \tHandled user Authentication, Error Alerts, Alert Messaging. Handled Errors handling for system failures and writing it in an error log ", " Fun work place with supportive management. Not all about the numbers but how you personally grow and develop. Great culture of peers with the same goal, to create an amazing experience for the customer. ", " The work environment is fast paced and enjoyable.  Everyday I perform audits to ensure everything from the previous day was processed properly, then check in inventory from the daily shipment, allocate parts for repairs, contact customers.  Throughout everyday I am constantly auditing and providing feedback and learning opportunities for technicians that made any errors in repair processes from the day before or the current day.  One of the best parts of the job was when I was given the opportunity to find innovative ways to make the repair room function better and be more productive. ", " I am currently looking for a role with an organisation that embraces innovation and loves to challenge the status quo.  I have exacting standards and having worked at Apple know what it takes to achieve at the highest level possible.  Attention to detail and meticulous organisation skills are just two of the key attributes I would bring to this role.   I have excellent commercial acumen and understand the importance of keeping to budgets and timelines.   I love to create winning partnerships and build relationships with clients and suppliers that are of the same ilk and are prepared to go the extra mile to produce world beating campaigns.   ", " My time at Apple has been a enriching experience. It has a wonderful staff that is artistic and diverse, yet very knowledgeble. Management has provided me opportunity to enrich my customer service skills for the public. The most enjoyable part of my job, was to have a positive impact on customers and see them leave feeling impressed and satisfied with my service. ", " I will come in early, usually 6:30am. Log into SAP, run every report manageable to prepare for the incoming shipments. Reconcile any issues from the previous day, including negative inventory or loss of product. Meet with the entire staff to get ready for our day. My co-workers are amazing. They come from all walks of life, speak every language imaginable, and treat our customers like gold. We at Apple are never afraid of change. We are never afraid to take the next step. ", " \uf06cMain QA engineer responsible for manual/automation testing of the Printing system for Mac OSX OS &amp; iOS print center. \uf06cAble to write use cases and/or take user requirements and was responsible for reproducing and performing regression analysis for a large number of issues. \uf06cPerforming good within my team, identified by far the largest number of high priority issues. This directly contributed to the lowest percentage of defect reports by customers in the department. \uf06cPerforming regular ad-hoc testing, which helped identify many subtle and long standing defects in the system that had been previously overlooked. \uf06cWorking in a fast paced production environment, coordinating with management and engineering in order to provide results that were instrumental in improving the quality of the system. \uf06cEvaluating the Inkjet/Laser printers for company standard grades \uf06cProficient in negative, regression, integration Testing, User acceptance Testing, performance, browser compatibility, and performance testing \uf06cPerformed Traceability Matrix, mapping requirements to test cases which enhanced the existing process. ", " Check updates to policies and procedure. Check inventory levels and pending customer requests. Reach out to clients, ensure relationship is in good standing. Create quotes and provide in-depth solutions. Preform business briefings and exclusive business client workshops. Provide peer/management feed back and develop strategies to grow Business to Business sales. I feel at my best when developing others. ", " Apple is a great place to work. I am a apple at home advisor. Just looking to work with other people instead of working from home. The schedules are really flexible. ", " Very good company to work for and great supervisors and employees.  Great working conditions and hours, great opportunity and location. ", " I was there as Steve Jobs was coming back and we had some management issues after the layoffs preceding.  Too many products, etc. Steve fixed all of that but I had already left. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " hard work is rewarded - managers really care about you - Apple really tries to have fun and keep employees happy ", " Apple is a fantastic company to work for! They help you to balance your work/life relationships and are true believers on developing your skills. There just is not a lot of room for development unless you are open to moving to California or austin, Texas. The benefits and management is always top notch. I have never worked with a more interesting and supportive team. ", " Always room for growth and moving/looking forward never moving back. ", " Great company. Love their work/life balance philosophy. Would definitely work there again ", " Working at apple is a great experience. I have a great fun relationships with my peers as well as management. I never feel like a fish out of water because training is always provided to keep all specialist on their toes. Everyone at apple came from somewhere creative or work on a lot of creative ventures outside of apple, so its pretty great to have the motivation and inspiration to achieve success. ", " Taught me endlessly, challenged me daily. An excellent place to learn what it takes to be the flagship for the largest company in the world. Close to Cupertino and visited often by execs and Silicon Valley VIPs, pretty much as good as retail gets. ", " Typical day at Apple is very fast paced yet laid back. I learned so much at Apple. Management was great. I was part of a big team or family if you will. The hardest part of the job was not enough hours in the day to get it done. The most enjoyable part of the job was working with a great team and manager. ", " I love my job and the things I do because its great dealing with people on a daily basis. I want to leave only because there's no room for advancement and the pay grade is very low. ", " Real fun job. Got to meet new people all the time. Even celebrities sometimes stopped by to have their laptops, computers, and even Ipods fixed. Nice to learn about all the new apple products. ", " This was one of my favorite employers.  There was no \"typical\" day at Apple, and their commitment to train is unsurpassed.  Although it is corporation and chain, the experience was much more like a family owned business, and we were all family.  The potential for advancement was great, and there was training and support both personally and professionally should one need it. ", " A typical workday includes -   Assisting new users with account creation and password resets while maintaining privacy.   Providing customized solutions to \u2018new\u2019 purchasers that meet their needs and exceed their expectations.   Diagnosing and resolving customers technical issues &amp; problems   Provide client/customer support and technical issue resolution via Phone, E-Mail, and other electronic medium.   Troubleshoot customer issues and provide win-win solutions for our customers.  Management is great and co-workers are always willing to assist you. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to work from home and having a work environment where professional growth is possible. ", " a typical day at apple is a great day, Apple is always busy and were always able to interact with great people and share old apple stories, I've learned a lot from co workers and customers about amazing apple history, our management at apple was amazing always staying updated with our team, my co-workers i have the pleasure to work with are an amazing group of people always willing to help out in any situation, the hardest part of my job is leaving every night from such a great day, ", " I found myself growing exponentially as a person with Apple. Luckily I found this starter career early in my life, and while others I worked with chose to stay with the company for extended periods more times than not, I found myself growing bored with each promotion after a few months. Retail just isn't for me.  I loved being on the cutting edge of technology and fixing computers as well as connecting with people. I really disliked all of the nuances that go along with the retail world and all of the unfortunate, ugly situations that tend to accompany customer service. ", " Excellent technical, time mgmt., leadership and team building skills. Free fruit, coffee and healthy drinks ", " Working for Apple helped increase my knowledge of consumer trends and broadened my commercial awareness. After I successfully passed my three month probation I was selected as a \u2018Brand Ambassador\u2019 whereby I had the opportunity to travel abroad to open new stores as well as train the staff in the company\u2019s first Scandinavian retail store. In the last few months I was also promoted to manage the West London Markets mobile phone contract account and was responsible for the training and development of future cellular champions. ", " Apple Inc.  Typical day was handling inbound calls regarding support and troubleshooting for ios devices.  I learned a lot about the ios platform and how it can be used to benefit not only individuals but companies as well.  Management was really good and always willing to help.  I think the hardest part of this job was patience with the customers as troubleshooting can be very tedious at times.  Most enjoyable part of this job was the customers and helping people learn more about their devices. ", " I loved being part of the Apple team.  We were always busy helping customer solve their problems whether it be in person on one-to-ones or in back assessing and repairing their computers.    The most exciting part of the job was exceeding customer expectations and working with happy customers.  The downside to that was when we couldn't satisfy a customer, for instance when they had dropped their computer in water and that wasn't covered under their warranty.  Getting up and going to work every day you knew there would be exciting challenges waiting for you or you would learn something knew. ", " This company knows how to treat their employees. It is very competitive and they drive their employees to be their very best. ", " Support Apple iMac &amp; portable platform: diagnostic, troubleshoot, execute repair. ", " -I come in to work and I enjoy taking escalations from customers -As of right now the most important part of my everyday duties are to take escalations from customers, I diagnose the technical issue the customer has and I drill to get to the root technical cause, I in turn right up a mini thesis of why the customer had to call Apple. These notes then get viewed by Engineering to see if they need to design the product better. At times I would suggest what change they need to make in order to make a better design. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Energetic job with good benefits and environment. Hardest part of the job was to remain serious because the atmosphere was laid back but the customer service skills needed to be at its best, and im all about having good customer service skills. ", " My experience with this company is that the do not maintain high integrity relationships with their vendors. It was evident when I worked over time (in order to get the project done) and was informed that I was classified as exempt (no over time). It's interesting how other staffing companies can classify the same type of position as non-exempt yet this company believes that project managers are compensated enough on an hourly basis so they pay straight hours instead of time and a half even though the vendor has approved over time payment. Agensys contract is written in language that makes this unclear until you find yourself in an awkward situation about collecting over time. I ended up quitting in order to not give this organization further commission on any of my earnings provided to their vendor. ", " Apple is one of the best retail franchices you can work for. It teaches you so much about technology and makes you believe in the awesome products that they have. The ability to move up in the compnay in any directions is always there. This is a great place to work. ", " Apple's culture is a definite positive in this work environment. From the time you enter the building to punch the clock until you leave you come across people that are friendly and passionate about their work day. I would recommend working here to any one of my friends or family. ", " working at Apple you quickly realize how talented every single person you work with is. A talented fun loving bunch with a passion for learning. ", " Working for Apple from home might be one of the greatest experiences. Typical day includes helping out many, many customers with their issues with various Apple devices. It's been such a great experience becoming so knowledgeable about all of Apple's technology. ", " Manage my team on the right way Achieve my target Understand my market &amp; competitors Drive that matter, Focus &amp; Simplify &amp; Fight for Excellence  Manage the Apple's ambiguity ! The great balance between field an analysis ", " When you first start work for Apple they give you the hopes and dreams speech as I call it, everyone whom I know that started work for Apple have high hopes and expectations. Over time you realize its all a lie, extremely misguided management, overworked and many times not paid. The way you learn of new policies is by being written up first, don't speak up or out or you may end up on the unemployment line. Many times they have mandatory overtime, change schedules without notice, and have since outsourced scheduling to the philippines. I did enjoy the history and the culture and great people to work with but there is no future with Apple, every supervisor or manager is eventually replaced and the new ones will not even know your dedication and loyalty despite being screwed.  ", " - High achieving team members - Creative and great attention to detail - User driven design and operations - Promotes fun culture via beer bash events ", " Apple is a great place to work for those looking to advance with a fast growing company. Even if you do not wish to move up with the company, you will gain so much knowledge, not only about the product but at a personal level too. ", " Apple is a great company. In this position I ran my own business within a reseller environment. I have 60 employees who I influence &amp; coach for top down selling within multiple departments. I ensure the highest level of customer service and how to close the sale. I am responsible for analyzing and reporting business results and trends, merchandising over all operations of the Apple Shop. I created and implemented persuasive account strategies by understanding people. I have been given free rein in how I choose to run my business and develop the team. Have been allowed to be as creative and innovative as I want with in reason. I truly like working for Apple but the hardest part of this job is the work life balance. The most enjoyable part of this job my co workers at Apple as well as the Partner and of course the customers. ", " Great people to work with. Culture is friendly and they use the soft sale technique. Although, they definitely push certain products. You can move up to corporate and around if you're motivated, as well. I enjoyed my time here. ", " I learned a lot about myself and how to empathize with customers and employees alike. I left a much calmer person, having experienced what real chaos is. I worked with some really great people. I left a better person. ", " fun and unique you will never find a company that cares about the employees as much as apple. I'm really glad i got a chance to work with a cutting edge company. ", " Apple is a ok place to work , simple , and easy  would start a 10,30 , take calls all day , then end a 19H Learned how to properly communicate with cst and deal with issues ", " professional enviroment, friendly people , modern office and modern and up to date office computers , pay is low and no employee discounts. ", " The managers are understanding of a student's complex schedule. Perfect for college students that possess troubleshooting skills. Co-Workers are welcoming no matter the experience level. Resources are readily available and the job environment promotes learning. ", " If you can handle micro managing and overwhelming work loads, this is the company for you!  The pay was very nice and the benefits are top notch!  Sick pay, paid vacation, stock options, great 401K match ", " Apple lured me away from my own firm to come to Cupertino and work with the technical staff that would soon become known to the world as \"Mac Genius\" techs. While I will admit that being at 1 Infinite Loop was an incredible experience, I soon found that the powers that be at Apple wanted me to show up early to have breakfast with my co-workers, go to dinner after work with my co-workers, and basically spend every free moment I had with other people working at Apple.  I have an amazing wife, and a great life outside of work, and that was all a bit too \"Stepford'ish\" for me to continue working with Apple. I still love the technology and follow everything the company does with great interest, as well as have remained friendly with some of the people I met there. ", " Only job where you can learn something new, every day. Benefits are really good for part time and full time employees.  Days are full of multi tasking in a very fast paced environment between customers and internal staff alike. No day id ever the same and launch days are the most exciting time of the year. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Enjoyed working for Apple, but each year the metrics keep getting harder to meet. So if this did not happen than everything would have been great. ", " Only job where you can learn something new, every day. Benefits are really good for part time and full time employees.  Days are full of multi tasking in a very fast paced environment between customers and internal staff alike. No day id ever the same and launch days are the most exciting time of the year. ", " What an unbelievable company. I guess when you're tied with Exxon as the most profitable company in the world you can pull out all the stops.... and $350 BILLION a year pulls out a lot of stops. The employees are treated like royalty by the company, everything happens FAST. no typical red tape and bureaucracy... I worked at a brand new store and we did the grand opening, but like a week before they realized all 150 employees' business cards were misprinted.... they had 1000 cards for EACH of us fixed in 2 days before we opened. thats rare. we would have employee meetings that would be fake, we would show up to find out that they rented out the local laser tag place for 2 hours for us as a surprise. Im reapplying now to work for them again. ", " Very great co workers, Team work is a normal routine, balance in everything, Great Management, Solid learning curve.Great Facilitie and Modern Buildings ", " I go to work with the anticipation of what I'm going to learn on that day, no matter what I am doing I will always be learning. The people I get to interact with are, for the most part, happy when they are finished speaking with me. They have a good understanding of what I did to help them or what I am going to do to help them. My favorite thing about my job is two fold: If I'm able to fix someone's computer and they don't have to leave the computer with us. I also enjoy teaching people something so small but can make a huge difference in how they use the computer daily. ", " Mornings begin with each employee doing an assessment of the work load in varies area. Then as a team we would select our areas based on heaviest work load areas and based on each others strengths and familiarity. The supervisor would also do an assessment after 2 hours into the shift and reassign members as well as provide training to strengthen us in all areas we would eventually be able to work proficiently in all categories. As a team we supported each other by assisting  a teammates who may be unfamiliar territory or just needed clarification The hardest part of the job was some times trying to dissect the communication between front line and the customer due to incomplete statements. I enjoyed the constant change and learning new systems and process. ", " Working for Apple, you will be very well compensated and you'll earn every cent of it. The 40 hour work week does not exist there. ", "   Troubleshoot Macintosh and iOS Devices   Develop and lead hands-on workshops demonstrating products for various age groups and technical ability.   Train team members and provide feedback on technical knowledge, best practices, and operations. ", " Responsible for influencing and creating excitement of Apple products to potential customers.   Mentored and coached other specialists about Apple products and influenced them to align with the customers\u2019 needs.   Responsible for uncovering the needs of the customers\u2019 and introducing them to all areas of Apple. \ufffc\ufffc\ufffc\ufffcPage 1 of 3   Responsible for providing outstanding customer experience to all of our customers both internal and external.   Responsible for enriching the customer journey by providing all types of solutions to the customer.   Responsible for developing and influencing other specialists in the store to drive for results. ", " I had problems advancing with Apple in Southlake because of one manager. Other than that, the culture is amazing and I loved working with so many great people. ", " LOve this job could not ask for anything more from it! Great people, reliable management, you are able to give feedback about where you work and how you'd like for it to improve. ", " A typical hard day of work at Apple involve many testings, emails/meetings and interaction between colleagues, managers, and managements. ", " I enjoyed working for Apple, Inc, Their expectations were high but they gave me the tools and support to be successful.  I was responsible for the quality processes, status of both mfg. and quality documents for sub assemblies being manufacture in China and Japan. Held daily and weekly meeting to confirm with the suppliers that they were working with current Apple prints, mfg. proceedures and process/tooling maintence and quality doceuments. Conducted daily line audits (mfg processes/and inspection points. I was in touch with my manager on a daily and weekly cycle even though I was in China/Japan. ", " It's very easy to get along with the people here, there are some managers/supervisors that need some training in their position because micro-managing your employees and assuming they don't know what they're doing makes them feel as though they don't belong at this place.  I did learn a lot from my current Manager/Supervisor, who were actually the best ones working in this site.They didn't micro-manage, they allowed you to use your common sense in solving problems, they were available when needed and they encouraged you to submit ideas or ways to improve things.  Co-workers need to be a bit younger, since we seemed to only get old people ready for retirement. I don't mind, but when they're so set in their ways it makes it impossible to actually work with them.  There really isn't any \"hard part\" of the job except being able to know what you're doing and actually doing work, instead of just sitting around staring at the computer. ", " November 2012 I was appointed my current position as Lead Technician. Apple Certified Support Professional (ACSP) 10.7/10.8.  August 2011-The Greenwood MacExperiece become APSP. We become the only organization with two APSP stores in our region. This was accomplished primarily by myself as previous tech\u2019s didn't reach this service level. During this time, I was the only technician present at our location. Apple Certified Retina Display Technician. Apple Certified iPhone Technician. GSX Administrator. Proficient in API PIMS inventory and service level application.  Apple Certified Macintosh Technician (ACMT).  Apple Product Professional (APP). Sales Professional Recognition (SPR). Mac Integration Basics 10.7 (MIB). Lead Specialist. ", " Theres really not much to complain about when it comes to working for a company like Apple. They treat you very well and they make sure you're well taken care of. I used to really look forward to coming to work. The break room had two fridges, a microwave, a coffee machine, and a steamer (so that your uniform was never wrinkled.) Not to mention, the pay was fantastic. The only issue I had with this company was that their attendance policy is RIDICULOUS. The attendance policy is very Black &amp; White. They do NOT accept doctor's notes. I was sick constantly during the holiday season and that left me in a tough situation. If you were even a minute late, it was the same penalty if you called out. I really hope that they change this attendance policy in the future. It's a very flawed system. ", " Delivering an exceptional, game-changing business customer experience within the store. Creating opportunities by qualifying business introductions and engaging in dialogues with potential business customers. Developing both new and existing business relationships through a balanced sales and service model. Supporting store events and workshops to attract new business customers and inspire loyalty throughout the business community. Capturing and maintaining accurate customer contact information in the Retail business CRM application to manage business opportunities and relationships. Educating your store team members by sharing Retail business priorities, strategies, and progress. ", " I work with an amazing group of people. I enjoy communicating with customers &amp; helping them find solutions. Management is okay. ", " Great place to work if you like stress. The Management team seems to be stressed out on a daily basis. Unreal goals that have to be followed through and work until its done is the nature of the beast. ", " the retail aspect is not all its cracked up to be. It was great when in college, but to have a career may not be an option when you work in a store that has over 100 employees its hard to be noticed. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " A typical day consists of tracking and tracing shipments as well as other carrier and warehouse receiving and shipping issue. I also communicated with internal to make sure the customer was taken care of as well as processing claims if necessary. I've learned more about SAP and various track and trace programs. Management and co-workers were friendly and very helpful in the learning process. The hardest part was correcting errors in inquires that were submitted incorrectly. This most enjoyable part of the just had to be the atmosphere and environment. ", " The people of this company make it what is is like most companies. The people are passionate and involved. The Cons start to surface when you start to look to advance. This company has some of the most disconnected recruiters I have ever dealt with. Internally and externally. It appears that they chase a quota or rely on the staffing companies to do most of their job functions. ", " Good place to work. Long weekends. Justing ringing people up and helping customers. ", " A typical day for my position I assist advisors, or speak to customers directly for more sensitive issues.  Management and co-workers are great  There isn't anything hard about my job.  I've been here so long that I've become accustomed to training right after products are released/announced.  Capable of fielding questions and offering assistance on the fly, while still becoming an expert.  I worked in the office for 2 years, then started to work from home. ", " I love working at Apple. It is an environment that's like family and we do important work to enrich people's lives. ", " Apple is fairly relaxed which I like but there is no real possibility of advancement here, you may aspire to go up to maybe a lowly manager but there is really very little opportunity here. ", " Clocked in. Went to the electronics department. Helped customers all day and ran the cash register. Got games and systems out of cabinets. Helped customers make good choices on tv's cameras and other electronic devices ", " Does not feel like you are a valued employee for Apple, Inc. Hired through a staffing service and tossed aside. ", " The consept of the practice is wonderful.  I just feel that they have expained to fast and do not have all of the proper professionals in place yet.  But when they do, the place will be awesome. ", " Love the atmosphere. and love the time i spent there. the supervisors are the greatest and the management team is well trained and can train anyone ", " Apple is a fun company to work for, however overtime it begins to feel as though you are undervalued. The workload increases and there is little that can be done to help level it out. There is a difficult time to work around the schedule simply because its retail. ", " - Full time technician - Apple Retail Store - Customer service - patience, listening, time management, feedback, strive for success and great support for customer issues - co-workers are like family - hardest part of the job would be the retail hours itself and disorganization of management - stock benefits and health benefits, discounts, and team are the most enjoyable part of the job ", " Great Company to work for. Strong Team environment and wonderful people. ", " Love this job great experience. My team memebers were great. It was very out going. ", " pay was great, working there was like slave labor.hated it managers barked at you, people are disposable ", " Loving my time at Apple, Inc. Living the dream.  It is amazing to work with some many smart and motivated people.  Product launches are like Christmas a few times a year. ", " Great Company to work for and I hope it will be for a long time. ", " Daily required workflow plan Developing coworkers Training daily ", " A typical day at work starts at 9-am. It is always cheerful as all the co-workers are friendly and warmly, we go about our daily tasks with hard work, diligence and professionalism. I am always a happy individual and I always put a smile on my face to get the work done. There is no hard day at work, and the most enjoyable part of the job is getting your task done and having that feeling of accomplishment. ", " This company has changed ownership and is no longer a company I can support. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Manager was very un Apple like. Very abusive. Work life balance was the worst. Pay was not enough to cover the hours that were worked. Everyone would step all over each other just to become a Manager at the store. Cult atmosphere. HR was not very helpful. Great place for college graduates to start working but best to find another job right away ", " Originally starting as a seasonal specialist over the Christmas period of 2013, I was able to pass probation and become a full time employee. I had great experiences here, working with a fantastic team. I learned many things including; time management, teamwork, learning on the fly, great customer service and how to effectively provide solutions. ", " Love the people I work with along with the clientele. Apple does great things for its employees!! ", " Apple is as good as you would imagine. Excellent standards, wonderful people, and of course, great insider news and products to work with EVERYDAY.  Only Asia would hire all full-times. Not so good as in North America if your livelihood depends on it. ", " You'll work hard, but you'll be working with amazing individuals. ", " Test mechanical product and equipment after repair of assembly to ensure proper performance and compliance with manufacturers\u2019 specifications.Identify and diagnose defective units per Apple and Comptia\u2019s defective merchandise policies. To provide proper functionality tests of both the hardware and software installed there on iPhone's and other devices as business needs dictate at the Apple depot repair facilities. In the facility on the hold all the important documents in hardcopies and also using Sac-Ops Saving in softcopies on the Internet. Using SAP-GI send important data to shipping management and send transfer orders and also fix stocks. If stock is less or too much then verifying that stock is accurate and fixing that stock on sap and performing tractions. While traction is performed check all the transfer orders being send right place. Perform test routine repair and maintenance on any type of screen, any type of phone, any type of computer, and any type of hardware problem. ", " At apple, they placed the customer very high and did indeed want to satisfy their needs and wants.  I assisted customers to track orders and to make new or additional orders. I also assisted with any issues such as returns for various reasons, and gave product information.  I learned how to use a MAC computer , which is a little different than a PC. The management was open to suggestions and prompted all employee interaction and input in weekly staff meetings.  As an extremely diverse workplace, there is no shortage of awesome and interesting people. There was no way you couldn't find someone to talk with and connect with. The hardest part ( which wasn't all that bad ) was the mandatory overtime each quarter that lasted 1-2 weeks. It was only \"hard\" because it meant a 12 hour shift  for each day you sign up for. However they did provide dinner sometimes as well as special treats occasionally.  My favorite part was the fact that they have a cafeteria on site.  No more having to decide what to take for lunch or forgetting it or going out for junk food. They have several options daily including gluten free and vegan options including deserts. ", " It is a busy, fast-paced retail environment. Pays better than most retail jobs out there. The benefits are great. Experience in the store can be dependent upon the Store Leader (GM), but for the most part, a positive experience. In MY store, management will back what the team-member recommends when dealing with a customer, about 98% of the time. ", " fun and exciting job.  Couldn't ask for a better company to work for ", " I have loved every minute at Apple. They teach your communication skills and how to thrive off of a positive and reinforcing work culture. ", " Taking calls to troubleshooting mobile device software and hardware issues. ", " Corporate is great, retail is retail. The problem is, you don't really work for companies, you work for people so it's different in every market. ", " Great opportunity to be able to work from home, chance to learn various platforms and work with great products and customers. ", " Apple was an incredible experience, it taught me the value of bringing trust to customers and really making someones day by giving them amazing service. Products are fantastic and culture is very laid back and friendly. There's lots of room for advancement and opportunities with the company. I had a great deal of fun when I was working for Apple whether as a specialist or technician i always loved going in, and managers were very keen to help in any way possible even if it was personal. A great experience and fantastic work/life balance. Quotas and sales are still a big part of the environment but aren't regarded as mandatory. ", " A great place to work especially for students. Good benefits and very flexible schedules. Management very understanding and co-workers are amazing! ", " A typical day involved a morning team rally discussing the previous day and current week's goals, inspiring/motivating the team throughout the day to meet the goals, interacting with customers, providing feedback to peers and employees, creating lasting memories for the team and customers, and recapping the day with wins and results.  The hardest part of this job was creating a balance between customer and employee interaction to make a lasting impact on the store as a whole. The best part of this job was the influence I could have on the store that day through driving results and motivating others to meet individual and team goals. ", " Apple was super cool to work for. I mean, come on... It's APPLE! The  health insurance benefits were great, super good discount on products too. The bad thing was nearly zero say when it comes to your schedule. You can count on working Christmas for sure. Scheduling time off can be difficult and you have no say in what time of day you work. Not a position you can have while attending school or with young children at home because there is zero flexibility. ", " great place to work started as a temp got hired quickly to a Apple Associate learned what it take to build a awesome product that people love worked 11-7 shift loved it cool and great boss very kind and fun guy the hardest part was staying awake at 5am the most enjoyable part was the offsites events and company parties and perks of being a Apple employee ", " fast paced environment constantly learning learned a lot about how to deal with customers ", " Apple is a fantastic company to work for. They value their employees and it really shows. The ecosystem is great along with the people. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Its a good place to gain professional skills ,to advance and move on . ", " A typical day at work includes all operational procedures, customer focus, employee development and managing in a very busy, ever- changing environment.  I learn something new not only from my peers but from the very intelligent, creative and eager employees that I manage.  The hardest part of the job for me is keeping up with the technology but it is also the most rewarding to learn new skills.  The most enjoyable part of the job is the rewards of developing my employees and being a part of their growth. ", " amazing company to work for. always room for advancement and the people and environment was great to work in. ", " Networking is key. Friendly co workers. Great place to work. ", " Apple is unfortunately run out of the HQ in Cupertino, California and this lead to all sorts of miscommunication between the store and Cupertino.  Secrecy clauses were of paramount importance and getting answers to questions often took months. ", " I dont have any idea about that.my co worker was some experts ", " Helping customers,Answering phone calls and resolving issues ", " n/a this place is okay but it needs improvement in management ", " From day one of the induction process, you have the feeling that everyone in positions above you are genuinely interested in you, and they are always willing to offer any assistance that they can. Communication between colleagues and management is promoted and actively encouraged, and there is never any pressure to hit targets (serving a certain number of customers, hitting a prescribed level of sales, etc.) ", " Great people to work with everyday and fun work environment. ", " I would personally say that the Apple culture revolves around community. It is such a positive place to work because Apple truly embraces diversity &amp; therefore they have so many talented people employed who are available to connect with the rich variety of individuals in any given community.   Employee or customer, Apple really aspires to inspire people. ", " Possibly one of the best parts of working for a company like Apple is the environment you work in and the people you work along side with. My role with Apple was mainly off of the sales floor and managing the \"behind the senses\" functionality of the technical half of our stores. Every day at work was exciting solely due to the employees and leadership teams you get to work along side with. I have never had a job where I got to work with so many unbelievably skilled people who simply love what they do. In addition to these employees was a leadership team who was always available and willing to help you succeed and grow both professionally and personally. ", " The managers are understanding of a student's complex schedule. Perfect for college students that possess troubleshooting skills. Co-Workers are welcoming no matter the experience level. Resources are readily available and the job environment promotes learning. ", " Working at Apple was great. It was a fun and relaxed work environment with great benefits. I learned a lot about Apple products and technology, but also customer service. ", " Refunds, respond to all customers request in regards to their product. ", " Fast-paced, but enjoyable work environment.  The whole team is on board with the goals of the organization, which makes for a productive experience for both the employee and the customer. ", " Apple is great about helping you with developing yourself in and out of work. ", " Managing the business team Complaints (22FTE). Scheduling of project activities, so that the objectives in terms of quality, productivity and system availability will be achieved. Providing technical expertise and input for more complex issues. Classroom trainings of new and existing staff members and coaching the team on a weekly basis. ", " With the right managers, hard work and determination, you can go anywhere with this company. ", " Love the culture and the team. I would love to stay on-board. However, they are not hiring permanent employees right now. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple is the most unique place I have worked in my career.    A typical day lasts from 8:30 to 6:30 with a few hours more at home. My co-workers and I kid that this is the first place we worked where we wished it was Monday versus Friday so we had more time to get things done.  Timelines are ultra short and there is little to no tolerance for mistakes.  Management gives their employees a long leash to do what they want as long as commitments are hit and constant improvement on processes and tasks happen.  The hardest part of the job is the ramp into your role, it typically takes longer than what I have experienced elsewhere but the expectation is to ramp in half the time.  If you find a manager that you have a good fit with than you should be fine.  The most enjoyable part of the job is working with a great cross section of people.  All in all, a good experience but I have learned to know what I look for in my next role. ", " 18 years at the place surrounded by the Steve Jobs \"reality distortion feild\". What a blast! ", " Although apple has a multi billion revenue-It doesn't like to share that with there employees.  People are on all different pay which leaves you feeling very undervalued. ", " I worked under great Management at Apple retail, people were always moving up to bigger and better positions as the company and the store grew. The people were great and knowledgeable, and eager to promote the company products. ", " If you really need a temporary job, this may be it for you. It's under Aditya Birla Minacs. The hours are all over the place so you won't be able to have a stable schedule. ", " Apple is by far the best company I have ever been employed at. They offer their employees many benefits and excellent compensation. My manager made me feel appreciated and personally came to me for the initial interview, which is very rare since one usually has to drive to the company's office. My co-workers were young, excited and driven. They were a joy to work with. I got a MacBook Pro, iPod, speakers... a very generous package to start with. They provided me with free online training the first few weeks of starting. Apple also makes every effort to please their employees by bringing them out to eat every so often. The hardest part of the job was leaving. To continue my studies as a college student, leaving Apple was a must but also made me very sad. I would recommend this job to anyone looking for experience with an amazing company. ", " It depends what dept. you are in. Within our department there was no advancement possible.  Overtime pay was good but you had to work overtime to get a decent salary.   Our department was micro managed because we were home based. ", " Its good if u permanent employee..else no good. Technical aspects are good but poor work life balance. Extended hours on daily basis. Unrealistic dead lines. ", " to work!  I can honestly say I enjoy going to work every day, my team and audience are friendly and professional and we all like to have a good time which helps the hard work more palatable. ", " I got to much expericne in apple inc for future jobs I learnd how to work in the united states cuz Afghanistan working was too much different ", " GREAT PLACE TO Work. great discounts and great swag from companies that do business with apple. love to go back to work there if i could. ", " Meet fun people. Friendly environment to learn a lot in short time. Learn to prioritize different tasks and solve problems in a creative way. ", " Real fun job. Got to meet new people all the time. Even celebrities sometimes stopped by to have their laptops, computers, and even Ipods fixed. Nice to learn about all the new apple products. ", " Taught me endlessly, challenged me daily. An excellent place to learn what it takes to be the flagship for the largest company in the world. Close to Cupertino and visited often by execs and Silicon Valley VIPs, pretty much as good as retail gets. ", " I deliver 20-28 daily appointments providing hardware and software support across multiple devices. This role has taught me how to multi-task in a fast-paced  environment. ", " I learned a lot from Apple, how they deal with their customers, how they build there customer relations even after selling the product. Other employees working there were very friendly and helpful, if you need any help with anything they'll help you. ", " amazing company to work for. always room for advancement and the people and environment was great to work in. ", " Checking emails with incidences, raised tickets with provider, reconciliations in SAP, journals, meeting and calls with HR and provider to resolve the queries in Payroll for the 600 employees who are under my responsability ", " Great Company with outstanding products- talented people- first class in every way. Gave you flexibility to do your job - no micro managing ", " I love coming to work. Period.  Benefits, management, my co-workers, and of course the job itself. I am here to help.  Apple makes you feel good about coming to work. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Great coworkers, lots of education and development, supportive managers.  Easy to stay busy all the time. Great benefits. ", " Fair place to work but it's basically retail. The hours aren't very good either and there isn't any direction to go.  It's hard to move around once your in Apple Retail. ", " I loved the job and doing technical support but I was working from home and I like to work in an environment around people. ", " Very good company to work for and great supervisors and employees.  Great working conditions and hours, great opportunity and location. ", " Very good working environment , working as a team and the goals were largely met. Adequate pay and benefits And updated equipment and systems running smoothly . ", " The company was great, during hurricane Sandy, the company provided transportation when the MTA was not operating. ", " I had a great time working with Apple! I learned lot and met a lot of great people. The learning curve is rather slow, so if you want to take your time developing your personal career then it is a good place the start. ", " Amazing place to work daily, great culture great people, great great great great   reat great great greatreat great great greatreat great great greatreat great great great ", " Worked as an At Home Advisor in their CPU department for six months and then moved to WMM (Wireless Multimedia).   New schedules come out every 3-4 months and are based on your metrics including customer reviews, average call time, time between calls, etc. I always had great reviews except when calls would be transferred to me from other departments. When customers are juggled around they don't forget it, even if you resolve their issues and they are satisfied with you they tend to leave you a bad review but complain about the other people that assisted them during the call. This WILL impact your work schedule and reviews by management. Other advisors find a way to upset the customers and then it falls on you to take the blame and hit on the review when the call is dropped in your lap through a blind transfer.  Your work hours can be any day of the week and between any of their business hours. This makes it extremely hard to plan things in your life. During the holidays and during new product releases you can forget about having a life. They require you to work mandatory overtime, period. Sometimes, like when they release new products and there isn't a fixed release date, they'll just spring mandatory overtime on you and may require you to work on your off days with no notice.  For me it was hard working from home due to having my children in the next room but not being able to interact with them and pretty much feeling isolated in my own home. It was also stressful not having physical interactions with people, customers and or coworkers.  There is nothing worse than ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> having to tell a customer with a 4 year old macbook that you have to charge them $20 to help them reset their password that they've forgotten for some reason. Usually due to the fact that they've had auto login turned on and then some how turned it off by mistake. Or when Apple releases an update that causes their system to have kernel panics and not boot up. ", " I loved changing lives, but in the end, Apple Retail is like any other retail job. Discounts were great and salary was amazing compared to previous job that required me to be just as knowledgeable about what I was doing. ", " Apple hires great people. I enjoy my co-workers and feel inspired by them daily. Management makes sure you feel appreciated and will help you achieve your goals with the company. ", " worst job ever don't get me started. management is straight out of the dark ages target or kmart. not at all progressive or open door. i9n fact that door waqs literally kept shut add locked at all times. . very lame and not what you would expect. ", " It is a great place to work because it is challenging each and everyday. You get paid decent and there is great benefits that are offered to full and part time employees. ", " It was cool working for Apple for a while but then it came into everything was a number and you never felt worth it to the company. you were a man in a box to answer phones and that is about it . Nothing special nothing cool nothing great just one big gray box... ", " Management is cool and treated us well. We always had fun at work but also always got work done. Store meetings were hilarious and different. ", " Learned a lot about the different products and how to interact with different individuals. Co-workers were great. The hardest part of my job was no advancement opportunities. ", " I worked as an At-Home Advisor in the college program. A typical day for me consisted of providing excellent customer service and tech support to customers that called into the Apple Care line. I learned all about iOS devices and how to troubleshoot and resolve issues that arose. My manager was fantastic, he constantly drove me to improvement. My co-workers were a great support system and helped in times of confusion. The hardest part of the job was selling Apple Care packages. The most enjoyable part of the job was the satisfaction you got when you solved an issue that a customer had been having for an extended period of time. ", " Understanding functional specifications, designing and developing creative solutions to meet business requirements. \tDevelopment of Mail using wap API\u2019s. \tDesign and development of GUI items like Form, List, Textbox, Text Field, Checkbox, Radio Buttons, Grid items for listing, reading, compose of mail in English and Hindi languages. \tDevelopment of file uploads and downloads using JSR 75(File Connection). \tInvolved in implementation of PCB across phones with JSR 75(PIM) using certain vcard format for backup of contacts from one phone model and retrieve from other. \tImplementation and design of SMS Station. \tDesign and implementation of POP UP type questions. \tDeveloped developer\u2019s certificate for Motorola Phones for testing on restricted API\u2019s like JSR 75. \tUsed Memory Profiler for optimization of memory utilization in mobiles and worked on jar size optimization for low end models. \tWorked on OnDeviceDebug on specific phone models to solve the specific phone related issues. ", " What can I say? Apple has created an empire on quality and simplistic products which get the job done beautifully and right the first time. ", " I am lucky to have this opportunity to work for Apple as a support technician, now I have learned a lot about Mac devices, I learned  repairing the Apple products and I know better using an Apple product such as (Macbooks/iPads/iPods/iPhones) than before. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I have been with Apple for seven years and cherished my time with this innovative and foward thinking company. I have formed invaluable connections with people across the world and feel truly enriched from my time here. ", " hard working days and too busy. handle the situation. management not so good. co-workers are friendly but try to escape from responsibility. the hardest part of the job is to make customer satisfy. the most enjoyable part of the job is chance to meet with people from different part of the world. ", " Apple was a great place to meet friends and great people. The training course is really in depth and thorough. Managers are fair and good people ", " Apple is; A great energetic fun work place that leads a team of highly intellectual individuals.  The strong team environment was definitely  something I enjoyed the most. Leading creative smart and diverse team members was a complete joy.   Hard work constantly came and went as a team we tackled this well.   I learned to keep asking questions and more questions - the key was always learning... ", " Many managers are too busy to develop team and feedback/direction is sometimes sparse. This results in some rather uneven promotion of individuals with an emphasis on hrs worked over innovation/creativity. ", " Provide technical assistance and support in a large call center environment, handling issues with Apple CPU\u2019s, Macbooks, and iPads. Complete installation and maintenance for Apple completer software and hardware, install printers, and configure network sharing. Analyze and resolve application issues for Mail, Safari, iCal, iTunes, iCloud, and Time Machine. Create accurate logging of case information, providing details on issue resolution ", " A typical day at work would include slow morning production to eventual fast production as the day progresses. I learned a lot about responsibility for your own work and interfacing with the boss about certain aspects of the job. Co-workers were hard working as well. Hardest part of the job dealt with having to deal with the hot weather and being able to adjust how you worked in order to get done without slowing down too much. ", " I loved working for Apple because I love the products and services I could offer a customer.   Additionally, I learned about 3000 different products and I was able to serve people in three different countries.   I love that Apple is innovative, creative, makes intuitive products and delivers excellence daily.   Awesome company to work for and it was a blessing. ", " A fun place to work in. A good organization to work for. high level techniques.  people working  for Apple are one experts , they know when how and what to do. Good leadership and a Known company ", " A typical day at work is the most enjoyable that I have had anywhere else. Finding solutions, teaching prospective owners how Apple Technology is life changing. Unbelievable support for co-workers and management team. ", " On an average day, we receive a lot of traffic at our store. The people that we see are either people that live in San Francisco or they're tourists and I really enjoy meeting and communicating with everyone. Not only have I learned that communication is very important, but I've learned and I continue to learn about our technology. The best part at working at Apple are the customers and my co-workers. ", " A typical day at work includes working hard to ensure you are successful at work, coming to the office with a positive attitude and doing it again the next day! Hard work pays off. ", " A typical day at work involves taking incoming calls and making outbound calls to Apples' customners in regards to their Apple products and problems they may be experiencing with Apple's software. It also includes suggecting Apple's products, selling and replacing damanged products. The hardest part of my job would be pleasing every customer to exceed Apple's expectations. It's hard but I give it my all. The most enjoyable part of my job is pleasing those customer who are irrate. ", " The transition with new management has been a challenge. The store has a different feel than before. Management is very challenging, however some of the best co-workers I have met. The hardest part of the job was the demand for time that management placed on technicians. The most enjoyable part of the job was leaving it. ", " I really enjoyed working here and learned a lot. I think it's a great company to work for and really believe in their mission. ", " Coaching and developement does not exist and atmosphere is more like a high school environment versus a business. Environment is more suited for recent high school and current college students rather than experience employees. ", " How to interact with a customer of all technology levels.   We have a great supporting team that encourages one another to do well. ", " Busy and mostly managed well but always a few bad people in charge. They take care of you to a degree if you like the toys and are in the cult. If you are a hipster it's great. ", " Good company.Been with Apple over 6 years and I am ready to try a different company.  I welcome all interested parties to contact me. ", " talked to customers on the phone. Pretty easy. sat down a lot didn't do much. Wanted a job where i can move.It was hard to speak to customers who where upset. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Helping customers find the best solutions and products for their situation.  I learned techniques for increasing customer satisfaction, such as affirmation of customer choices. Management was positive and co-workers were fun to work with. The hardest part of the job was staying fresh after lots of overtime. The most enjoyable part of the job was getting to do something that I was already pretty good at. ", " I have the privilege of working for one of the most valued companies in the world.  As an Apple retail employee, I represented the face of Apple.  This is one of the most sought after companies to work for and there is good reason:  Apple understands vision more than most.  Apple retail does not feel like typical retail.  The only thing that feels remotely retail is the schedule.  The schedule does not meet my definition of work/life balance.  I enjoy the work tremendously including the people I work with.  If you are considering Apple retail, understand what you are signing up for.  There are NO set days off--it's retail.  If you accept this, then you will be fine.  If your gut tells you otherwise, then pursue something else.  There is no typical day at work.  Everyday is different.  There are consistent responsibilities, but within each responsibility there arises new problems that force me to exercise skills that I don't normally use outside of work.  I am extremely thankful of the experience.  One of the most rewarding parts of the job is working with incredible talent.  Apple pride's itself with hiring the best.  This is generally true.  Not only have I worked with incredibly talented and smart people, I can honestly say that I have made some lifelong friends.  Apple lends itself to making great friends and professional partners.  The hardest part of my job is probably the most enjoyable part of my job.  Apple's customers are among the most demanding customer base in any service industry; they are also among the most generous and caring.  Apple has built a great ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> community for both internal and external customers. ", " Fantastic place to work before finding an actual career. No advancement. ", " People are fun, very interesting. The culture is great. Awesome Management ", " Fast paced teamwork environment, great solutions for personal development. Great resources for finding product solutions and providing the customers with the proper knowledge. ", " You have to give it your all, and they don't care what else you give. I've loved the company for years, but I can't take it anymore. ", " Apple is a great place to work. You meet and work with some amazing people. They offer great perks such as discounts. If you're lucky you will get a great store leader like I did.   It's a fun job with great people but it's still retail and that can get to you after awhile. You have to deal with some unpleasant people. The best part about the job is when to are able to put a smile on a customers face and improve their life. ", " Apple Inc. is an incredible company to work for. They take care of their employees and believe if you want to succeed then you have to put in the effort. ", " Apple is a company that really loves educated people, but underpays them. They have great work culture/environment, with emphasis on well being of employees. Apple enables you with the best of technical knowledge on iOS environment. It is quite rewarding but that's it. ", " MBA, PMP certified Project manager with experience in Web, E-commerce, Big Data applications ", " Apple is a good company, but it is still a corporate environment. They pay well, but to at the high end. They have perks, but no more than other companies of their size. It is hard to move up your salary even with internal promotions. You will get far more money coming in from the outside. I've had good and bad managers, again very much like like other companies this size.  Working for Apple does add to your resume. People often wonder why would you ever leave Apple? Because it's a corporation just like other big corporations and you are just a small fish in a big pond. Ultimately, you go where your skills set will be of greatest value. ", " I love working with Apple. You can't beat working from home. The management and benefits are awesome@ ", " Very fun, fast paced, exciting, ever changing environment. Co works are all unique and willing to help with any and everything needed. Dealing with angry, impatient customers was the toughest part besides constantly walking around/standing all day. ", " I loved working for Apple, when I was based on the west coast.  However, I was transferred to a smaller market on the east coast and the company felt like two different companies.  It was like night and day.  The team that I worked with on the west coast have become my family, we were very close and worked very well together.  We didn't mind putting in the long hours and closing that big deal because we knew we did it as a team.  It was great being able to build long term personal and professional relationships with our clients in the tech world on the west coast.  It was great seeing their companies grow using Apple technology.  I was proud of the work my team and I did.    However, when I moved to a smaller market on the east coast my experience was completely different.  My manager here micromanaged every detail of my day and I had no room to be creative and to enjoy the work I did.  It felt like I was in slavery being back in the south with the mentality of the management team and the very limited abilities to get the job done, no matter what.  I found it difficult to build real relationships with my clients in the south because management was always clocking my every move down to the minute.  I didn't feel like I had the freedom to support a business or our clients freely the way I did on the west coast.  I guess because I came from one of Apple's largest markets (San Fran), where tech geeks were walking the streets by the dozens, vs a smaller market in the south where things just haven't changed, my experience made me realized that Apple isn't the same from place to ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> place.  Though I no longer work there, but would go back in a heartbeat if I could in a different market other than the south, I still keep in touch with my west coast family.  I'm sorry to say I don't know anything that anyone in the southern market is doing.  I simply didn't want to remember my Apple that way. ", " *The typical day of work is assisting customer and demonstrate different I.T products that we sell. *What I have learn is how to be a good sales person *The management gives well compensation *My co-workers have positive attitude towards achieving sales target *The hardest part of this Job is to meet sales target but it makes me more focus on my job *The most enjoyable part of the job is the excitement of thinking of how to achieve your sales target ", " It is a very challenging face paced environment. I typical day is spent on the sales floor coaching and developing staff.  This is not the job for you if you are an office dweller.  The most enjoyable part of the day is interacting with generally happy customers who are shopping at an Apple store for fun.  The people which Apple hires are the best in the industry hands down.  The hardest part of the job is the lack of advancement opportunities. ", " Troubleshoot Apple products such as iPhones, iPads, &amp; iPod touches ", " what could be an extremely stressful work environment seems fun and uplifting thanks to my coworkers and leadership team. ", " Everyday presents new challenges. You get to impact lives of customers. It is a relaxed but demanding work environment.   Learned Apple's one and only philosophy that makes them the world most valuable company. Learned award wining customer service.   Management is helpful and approachable with all employees. Concerned with advancement of employees.  Co-workers and knowledgeable and friendly. Willing to help out with all tasks.  Hardest part of the job is Apple is always very busy, but that only is a testament of why people seek their products and services.  Most enjoyable part is being a part of such a diverse and friendly team. The people. ", " I learned how to communicate technology in the simplest way possible. I also learned how to help people solve their problems. It was a wonderful opportunity to work in a cutting edge company. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Resolved iPhone issues for GPRS/EDGE, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth wireless technology via CRM tracking systems. Programmed complex iPhone email settings and configured POP and IMAP accounts for personal and business owners via iPhone. Educated customers about Apple iPhone hardware &amp; software equipment and reinforced regular syncing procedures. ", " Not bad job. The benefits are insane when you think of the savings in Gas. Social interactions drop to a new low, but its awesome ", " Enriching the lives of customers.  Listening.  Communication.  Empathy. ", " Excellent to work for, great culture, great people and professionals. Top of the line. ", " Apple is a company that really cares about their employees, and not just while they're at work. Great incentive/reward programs, great work culture/environment, major emphasis on health and wellness and overall well being of employees. I was an at home technical support advisor while I was in college. Amazing job!! Highly recommend working for Apple to anyone!!! ", " For retail it has a corporate feel for it's people. Fun people Definitely top of my list of companies to work for. ", " It was really awesome on my first day with Apple Inc enjoyed a lot with ream mates ", " Overall working at Apple is great, although it is hard for advancement. ", " Great company great people but run in a poor fashion depending on store management. ", " When you come here, you're surrounded by people that love the company, its products, and the simple processes that the employee have in order to make customers lives better. Working with other employer help me realize that, Apple is one of the best retailers in the world. If you like to advance you have to show the passion in order to be considered, but it ultimately depends on the culture of the store cause some store probably have favorites when it comes to promotions. ", " Fair management, great work facilities people are alway nice and the cafeteria food is great. ", " Working for apple is fun but if someone needs a long term job and a place where i can grow apple is not a best place. It start to cut back on hours and its a temp position. ", " Hands down, this is the best retailer that I have ever worked at!!  This company is mutually as passionate about it employees as it is about its guests! ", " An engaging, fast paced retail environment. I have never worked with a team of diverse, inspiring and multi-talented people before this company. A typical day doesn't exist as each day throws up new challenges and opportunities. The hardest part of the job is inevitably dealing with situations where things have gone wrong. The most enjoyable part of the job is overcoming them. ", " A typical day at work would include greeting customers, taking care of their technical issues and repairing relationships with the customer by making sure all of their needs are met in hopes of them leaving a happy customer. management is excellent. they really care about everyone, hence apple being a people company, not a technology company. the hardest part about the job is not having a set schedule, which is usually how it is in retail. The most enjoyable part about the job is meeting new people, customers and co-workers. ", " Apple is a great place to work.  Many stores available. You are able to move up in the company if you wish. ", " Apple as a company has a reputation that precedes itself. Their retail stores show this, being constantly busy. The good thing is you'll never sit around with nothing to do. This does mean you'll have to be good with handling lots of customers quickly without making them upset, so it can be stressful at times, but management understands this and will help provide tools to help you handle your responsibilities.  Your shifts are scheduled fairly with due notice (usually a week and a half). Showing up late is the quickest way to lose your job, though there is a process for this that is clear and reasonable. Breaks are scheduled as well. The tasks scheduled out for you depend on your job, and there is lots of opportunity to try a different role within the store if you find you may not enjoy what you're doing day-to-day.  Management will schedule time to talk with you if you want it. Reviews are done annually. Daily meetings are common to share positive experiences and talk about where the store can improve. Most employees honestly feel they sell quality products and that they are doing good by their customers.  The job is more stressful than a laid-back retail experience, but payment and benefits are better and there is more opportunity to move up for harder-working employees. No snake-oil techniques were encouraged at my store: it felt like honesty and positive relationship building were the end goal, not numbers. ", " My work day consisted of doing inventory of Iphones, data entry spreadsheets and also lifting over 50lbs. ", " helping customers with techinal issues with there apple product. long hours ", " well, Apple is not a good place to make career especially for me. thought it is better than doing nothing. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Hectic Environment to work . But gives a lot of opportunity to learn new technology and new areas of interests. Adopt to new technology and believes in quality of work. ", " I have met and made many friends in all of my coworkers and managers while working at Apple. They do a good job of making sure that employee skills are not wasted and that people properly apply themselves to the positions. There are constant opportunities to try new things and move to different departments and challenge yourself. Keeping up with demand in certain departments is difficult because of the high volume of orders and customer needs, but overall we are well staffed so teams don't get overwhelmed. ", " Team was great to work with management was always supportive ", " There is a great work environment. The compensation is extremely low. The environment is very stressful. The staff is great. ", " Good Environment for working  Excellent Management  Team members are co-operative ", " - Lots of new work - Requires long hours to truly excel - Great food and freebies - No work/life balance ", " Culture is great. Pay is pretty low. The opportunity to advance is great. Co workers are a true team. You need a lot of energy to work there. ", " Awesome place to work, people were friendly and management was fantastic and the company was awesome!! ", " My co-workers are the reason I came to work everyday. They were just like me and always energetic; no matter what the circumstance was. Moral support was always a priority. That was not the same I could say for leadership. A few managers were great, but the vast majority were terrible leaders and needed a crash course in leading a team. As for moving on up... think again. It was a popularity contest and did not give you the will to apply for a new position when you were at the top already. ", " No matter what your role is a day to day is going to be completely different. There are always new challenges. The culture is awesome although working in stores you do get overwhelmed sometimes due to retail hours. ", " A place where everyone is pushing the envelop and focused on improving or innovating. Always forward looking with ultimate attention to customer satisfaction. ", " Apple is a good company to work for. The customers are happy and the advisors such as my self is very experienced. ", " This a place where you feel like you are making a difference in the world. Extremely fast paced and innovative. People think outside the box here. ", " I appreciated my coworkers and the pay. But eventually, upper management began to treat us like second rate citizens. It gets tedious and there really isn't anywhere to \"advance\" per se. ", " Excellent pay! The management was not always available. I felt as though I was constantly worried that I was going to get terminated. The metrics were almost impossible. ", " A typical day is spent with a combination of team coaching and development and finding the trends within the business. The two work very cohesively together to create better results. The hardest part of the job is that the company is so large that keeping the communication channels fluid and on the same page becomes challenging. However, that also creates a lot of joy. There is never a boring day because of the constant growth in the nature of technology and the inspiration of your people creates a dynamic and enjoyable atmosphere. ", " Fast Environment  Access to learn and develop skills Grow on your own in a team setting Awesome Benefits for all! ", " Lot of innovative interaction, fun, but always room for improvement ", " As the Campus Representative for Apple at the University of Alaska Anchorage I built numerous skills in entrepreneurialism. It was my duty to make Apple ever present on campus. This began with developing proficiency with their products, networking with staff and campus organizations, and extended to promoting and hosting events and workshops. I learned new things about networking and marketing while developing important skills and creating and maintaining innumerable relationships. The job lasted for the school year, so as I graduated the program came to a close. ", " I took calls and helped customers with technical needs of their Mac Computers. I learned great customer service skills and how to troubleshoot Mac Computers. I had 5 different Managers over the course of a year and each was different. My co-workers were liek minded and enjoyable to talk to. Hardest part was being at home and not having a direct manager/supervisor to ask for help or ask questions to. Most enjoyable part was being in the comfort of my own home and not having to stress about my appearance or being late due to things like traffic. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple is an awesome company. Apple loves there employees  there is a reason why they are 1. Simply a great company to work for. ", " I was on the sales team at Apple, and alas, it was a contracted position.  I would definitely go back - the most ideal place to work.  Constantly fed, encouraged to do better with positive reinforcement and constructive criticism. ", " Problem solving approach with best practices. Best Agile practices in terms of handling tasks, versioning and quality deliverables. ", " Great place to work. The diversity and experience levels made this opportunity stand out from any other. ", " I worked at two locations. I was a manger at the Denver store - Adult World. It was alright but I had a hard time finding good people to work there, as it was an adult video and toy shop. I went back to the Longmont store because it was closer to my home (at the time) but my hours kept getting cut so I had to quit. ", " A typical day was just like any call center environment, except the fact my position was from home. I learned a lot about how Apple's iOS works and how simple it is to troubleshoot many problems. Management was nonexistent, if you needed help you were on your own. Thankfully there is team chat support, if they're available. ", " I worked from home as an AppleCare Advisor. The training was informative, my manager was attentive, and my coworkers were awesome. A typical day involved signing in to a computer and phone then taking calls from people with computer issues. This company has great benefits and competitive compensation. ", " Took many incoming calls. Learned everything there is to know about itunes,apple ids,iphone,ipad, and all types of ipods. Managament at times was very good. Co workers in virtual world  only chatted with by typing. So that was ok. Getting yelled at because of customers or another advisor mistake. The most enjoyable part was turning that yelling customer around and resolving hter issue. ", " Work is a lot but some times interesting. This is an interesting and enjoyable place to work. ", " Come in for work, log in to computer and phone, log in to the queue, wait for a call, take about 5-6 calls, go to lunch, come back , log back in to phone and queue, take some more calls, do a self training activity, then take more calls til I have to go home.  I learned how to control customers and take control of calls that aren't going very well, I learned to be more patient as well.  Management was pretty lenient, but did their jobs and what they had to do. My co-workers were really cool and I met a lot of people. The hardest part of the job is dealing with customers that are very angry or irate. The most enjoyable part of my job was that I got to help people with their problems, while casually talking to many different people are the country. ", " Apple offers great benefits and coverage, even for part time employees.  They offer up to date information so their staff can assist customers with virtually any issue.  The information is straight forward without needless banter.  This allows staff quickly resolve the customer's issue so the customer can move onto achieving more important topics of their day. ", " Friendly co-workers, encouraging environment. Lots of opportunity for advancement. ", " AppleCare APAC focused on the Asia Pacific Region.   My day consisted of speaking to various customers about troubles they may be experiencing with an iOS Product. The issues would range from Hardware to Accounts to Software.   I learned a lot from AppleCare, not just of technical troubleshooting. I learned much about how to fix the iOS Products, but also many people skills. I learned how to communicate with the customers in a professional tone, but still be able to \"make friends\" with them. Being at AppleCare has also taught me better multitasking abilities.   I would not give the management a 10 out of 10. Though they would listen to you, they did not work hard on getting your issues resolved for you- and if they did it was not in a very timely manner.   Majority of my co-workers kept to themselves. Being in such a large center, it wasn't a place to mingle.   The hardest part of the job was when you would speak to a customer that would not take your advice, but condemn Apple and would not want further assistance.   The more enjoyable part of the job was being able to speak to the customers and meeting them all while fixing something and making them happy. ", " I worked at apple for 7 years  your average day at apple is very busy and has lots of work you always have something new to learn but also if you get the chance, a lot of different things to do from sales, to tech work to training.  i learned so, much more then i thought i would.  management was good in most aspects but in many cases they are doing what they told from above so they can't to much for you which makes things bad. co-workers are great and amazing people some or the best friends and people to know. hardest part is the people (aka) the customers they are very demanding and the time, you are pull you so many different ways. the people is the best part and all the great stuff you get to work with. ", " typical day consist of opening and carrying boxes over to enter into the system determining if the electronic is still able to fix or not ", " The role was basically a tech support job at home. Working from home can be great, however it was not for me. The training and communication in the organization was actually pretty well structured. The customers Apple has can be somewhat difficult to deal with, as are most in general. ", " Maintain a daily report to track the progress of various projects. Recorded best practices and lessons learnt for future reference ", " The culture there is one of a kind. It honestly never felt like a job, as compared to other employers my day flew by. They are keen about development, and not settling, trying to make you the best possible you. Encouraged self development. ", " Excellent place to work Excellent job culture Excellent management ", " Overall I love the company. Great team to work with, great culture, and a leadership team that is interested in my development. You can learn a lot about just about anything here. Sure its a technology com nay but I have learned so much more than that. Great experiences that you can take anywhere.   Only downside is it is considered retail, but it is much more than that. They still want to pay you retail pay for a knowledge base that would other wise pay significantly more. It is also hard to make the jump from the retail side to the corporate side in order to make it a career. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Meet customers, refer products, diagnose malfunctions and fix mobile iOS devises, conduct training and workshops for staff and customers. ", " Apple is by far the best company I have worked for. Management was always determined to see you grow. I worked from home so it was very hard at times. ", " Apple truly believes in it's culture and you can see it throughout the company. Big company and lots of room for growth. ", " Working at Apple is one of the best things to ever happen to me. Not having a degree in IT they've launched me into this field headfirst and I thank them for sparking such interest and intrigue into the world of IT. ", " Stress free and you are totally responsible for fulfilling deadlines at a pace you can set to best achieve in a timely but quality manner  Great team members who strive to work together with you ", " It was a fun place to work and it was a thrill to be able to not only assist people with there technology but to aid people to become comfortable and relaxed so that assisting them through there troubles would be an enjoyable experience for them. ", " Apple is one of the greatest companies in the world. They offer stimulating training, and the ability to own your development. With every tool Apple offers I was able to effectively develop myself into the leader and resource I am today. ", " A high rate of turn overs with contracts lasting one year, the over time was the hardest just because it was the swing shift.Over all a decent place to work ", " Apple is a great place to work at, but with so many people wanting to work for Apple advancement can be difficult. ", " It starts with meetings and ends with calls with offshore team. Learnt client interaction, design methods and SDLC. Management is very encouraging. Don't see anything as hardest part. Everything is good and most enjoyable things is lot of work. ", " Selling apple products is generally fun and exciting, but can become repetitive. The transition from retail to corporate is almost impossible making it difficult to find a career level position within apple. ", " As everyone knows, very fun and relaxed working environment, selling excellent products amongst a friendly and social team. Perfect. Good pay, great team and great experience. The only drawback was the pure love obsession that some of the staff have for the company. Yes, they're cool and sell great products but it is still work and there is only so much 'over the top' enthusiasm and high fives you can take. ", " No work/Life balance Great Team Good process great valuable for working in Apple ", " Very great co workers, Team work is a normal routine, balance in everything, Great Management, Solid learning curve.Great Facilitie and Modern Buildings ", " Apple has a calm peaceful environment. I have met some amazing people that i would love to continue relationships with even after i am no longer working there. ", " Amazing Experience and lots of fun with targets to achieve helped in providing an experience in Electronics . ", " They outsource the call center help to a company that does respect its employees.  Home work balance is awful. You work 44 hours on calls for 8 months out of the year, and you are pressured to take extra time off when they are 'slow' even when you are not compensated enough to buy food and bills. ", " Working at apple is fun and exciting. We come out with new products at least every year and we are always changing/evolving. People forget its retail because it is a technology store. Its easy at first but can become exhausting when you deal with customers on a 7 to 8 hour basis. All in all a great work experience for anyone. ", " People were very rude at job events. Arrogant people. Employees insulting job applicants at recruiting events.  Repaired Apple products at Apple Service Provider. Company didn't provide any pay which was illegal. Worked at service provider for 9 months without pay 50 hours a week. ", " A clean, tip-top, pleasant, enjoyable working environment &amp; culture. I love Apple! The people are talented, nice &amp; laid back. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Overall my time at Apple was good. I'm going to keep this very short but its a good place to work to have on your resume then move on from there. ", " Working on both the floor and in the back as giving me a perspective of front of house work and inventory stock. ", " Had a lot of fun interacting with customers on a daily basis about their needs with technology.  Explaining how a particular product works, and how it can help them were common.  Troubleshooting was an essential piece of how to help the customer in from of you.  The traffic was immense, but fun.  A great time! ", " enriching customer lives, multitasking many tasks at once, effectively resolving customer issues ", " Apple Retail has a credo the whole company is supposed to go by, which can basically be summed to \"our people are our first priority.\" For HR and management (at my specific location), however, policy is their first priority. The tension this creates causes perpetual anxiety to myself and coworkers who do value Apple's ideal culture of personal growth and development. The hardest part of the job is dealing with an unsympathetic leadership who will appeal to \"the needs of the business\" whenever an employee has a conflict.  On the bright side, Apple makes great products and sharing the experience of delight when a customer makes their first purchase is the most enjoyable part of the job. Even part-time employees great health benefits, among other things such as transportation and discounts.  If you're going to work in retail Apple is the best you can do. Just be wary of the kind of people who are attracted to management positions in such outlets. ", " This was a dependable, contract position that allowed gain of production experience within a fast working environment with hard deadlines. Handled 3D models for clean up and performed QA on final work. Assessed standards and quality for improvement both in final product and efficiency of the production. ", " iTunes Tech Support! Site closed. For help with questions about iTunes installation, importing, library management, syncing and other topics, contact iTunes support. iTunes Player support is free during your Apple hardware product's complimentary support period or with an AppleCare Protection Plan. Contact options vary based on your issue and hardware product eligibility. Depending on your hardware product's coverage, you may need to pay for support. ", " Leader in innovation and customer service.  Simply an outstanding company to work for. ", " Was a contractor Supervisor was very good and encouraging Also the management was good ", " Great place, always something different. co-workers are great people.  Theres always someone new to interact with. ", " Receive and respond to emails from iTunes Store customer's who experience trouble with their iTunes Account, purchases, billing, gift cards, /certificates and downloads.  Research and troubleshoot the problem to resolve and then provide the customer with necessary information.  Handle follow-up emails and provide helpful articles that relate to the issue in question, providing the best customer service.  Assist team members with their escalated emails as well as coaching the techs to fit the customer's needs.  Instant communication online (iChat) with customers that have questions and concerns about their iTunes Account, billing, downloads and connection problems. ", " I loved my time working for Apple, it was enjoyable and fast paced which I loved.  I constantly learned something new and was part of a very innovative team, I learned priceless skills while there. ", " -Follows steps of customer service to provide the consumer with a complete solution -Uses Leadership Team and store resources to strive for results and achieve goals -Completes feedback loop by communicating and listening actively throughout the feedback process -Maintains approachability by being present, observing/evaluating, and sharing personal experiences -Conducts Workshops to enlighten customers on how to use products and services ", " Apple is a very progressive company which empowers its employees to drive for new innovations and perfection in the tasks that they support.   Work/life balance is difficult for most employes to achieve.  Has a great cafeteria which supports vegans and vegetarians as well as multi-cultural requirements. ", " Days go by fast with the amount of traffic we see.  Customer service is a strong suit of the company and I have learned how to truly perfect the art of customer service and the customer experience.  Management is quick to listen and help with any situation as well as the workers you work with side by side.  Great team effort always. ", " One of the best learning opportunities of my life. I love everything about training/coaching and being able to bring out the best in others. This was a great place to do that. Having such great products made it easy to build one of a kind customer relationships. ", " Working for Apple is a wonderful experience.  The people on my team are very knowledgable and kind, I never felt like I didn't have the support I needed, even on days when the store was completely packed.   The techniques, from upper management down to entry level, are fantastically efficient and effective.  It is very inspiring to experience a workplace with such cunning and harmonious ways of doing business, especially when you are fully equipped to help dozens of people a day solve a staggering variety of issues.   The most difficult part of this occupation is when you are approached with an unknown problem.  We don't accept failure and are absolutely determined to find a solution, but if we do not have the resources to find said solution, we connect the customer to outside resources who can.   The part I love most about working at Apple is seeing someone who walked in feeling badly about their interaction with Apple products, and completely changing their perception through providing what we call \"a world class experience\" and watching them walk out with a smile on their face. ", " Working at Apple was one of the best experiences in my entire career. I learned so much from so many people and that I am entirely grateful for. A typical day at work was relaxed and was a joy to go. It never felt like work for me. I learned how to be a leader among small groups along with large ones. A long with that I was able to learn a bit about marketing specifics. The hardest part though about the job was reaching customers that didn't understand how to use our products at first but that in itself was a joy as well. ", " Great company to work for, great colleagues to work with. Excellent benefits and supportive guidance from management. ", " Apple is an awesome place to work because of the people you meet and interact with on a daily basis.  There is never a dull moment, and the management is very helpful and encouraging in self development.  The pay could be better. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " love it  day usually starts at approximately 4:00 am and ends approximately 8:00 pm  drive to location, set up tent, tables, skirting, merchandise, signs ", " fast paced environment constantly learning learned a lot about how to deal with customers ", " Understanding functional specifications, designing and developing creative solutions to meet business requirements. \tDevelopment of Mail using wap API\u2019s. \tDesign and development of GUI items like Form, List, Textbox, Text Field, Checkbox, Radio Buttons, Grid items for listing, reading, compose of mail in English and Hindi languages. \tDevelopment of file uploads and downloads using JSR 75(File Connection). \tInvolved in implementation of PCB across phones with JSR 75(PIM) using certain vcard format for backup of contacts from one phone model and retrieve from other. \tImplementation and design of SMS Station. \tDesign and implementation of POP UP type questions. \tDeveloped developer\u2019s certificate for Motorola Phones for testing on restricted API\u2019s like JSR 75. \tUsed Memory Profiler for optimization of memory utilization in mobiles and worked on jar size optimization for low end models. \tWorked on OnDeviceDebug on specific phone models to solve the specific phone related issues. ", " Working for apple is fun but if someone needs a long term job and a place where i can grow apple is not a best place. It start to cut back on hours and its a temp position. ", " Great place to work and meet fantastic people. Apple gives you the tools for the best training and development, hard job if you are not familiar with retail, easy job if you love people and Apple products. ", " It is almost not retail at all. It's great to go to work and be able to share you passion for the great life enriching products and services that are offered. ", " Yes it's retail but it's miles different than any other retail job i've had. Leaders care about you as a person and also your development. You work for a company that has pretty much infinite resources as its disposal ", " Being a trainer and educator for the company allowed me to never leave work without an influecial story. Another advantage of being a trainer for Apple is the ability to build relationships with people, due to the return visits. These particular sessions lasts 90 minutes long. Teaching everything from how to build a spreadsheet for work related duties to creating a scrapbook for lost loved ones. If ever there is a time that I may not know the answers to set questions provided by our pupils, a member of my team is always feet away. Typically always at least two managers on the floor to service any additional assistance may be needed. I find it most difficult to be held responsible for not having some of the answers for some of our students while still encouraging to never strive for anything short of perfection. ", " I love working for Apple! The company is fun and energetic and they care about not only their customer but their employees as well. ", " I talk to customers about their i phones and how to fix them if i can otherwise i would set them up with a appointment to have the phone repaired at a apple store ", " Completed Apple Technical Support Training Class Top of Class.  Responsible for Technical Support of Apple Products providing assistance to consumers who are eligible for phone support.  Sales ", " A laid back respectful fun place to work. I learned ALOT very interesting situations on how to handle them. Management and my co workers are GREAT, nothing was hard about this job at all. I met a lot of good people. ", " Great working environment. Managers were really great to get along with. Little opportunity for advancement and little pay. Work hard but not many incentives. ", " I love my co-workers.  They are the most interesting, hardworking group of people I have had the pleasure of working with. Every day is very fast paced, yet people are always willing to help me, when I have questions. ", " Informative, very busy and ongoing, interesting clients and a well known brand  Loved my co-workers, they were all excellent people ", " I have learn a lot working at apple and enjoyed learning and working with apple products and a great environment with great people. ", " Apple is a great place to work where everyone is high energy and interesting. Great technology training under knowledgable managers. You get the opportunity to meet new people every day and talk about the newest Apple products. ", " I loved working with apple. Management was great, really cared about the employees and were really involved. My time there felt like my first day every day that I was there. ", " Never boring and is always busy.  Fun friendly staff and everyone works together as a family.  Managers and staff work hand in hand as equals and we are always improving one another to become better workers and people. ", " No stress fun workplace but too much politics.  Awesome dress code.  Most of co-workers were fun.  Dogs allowed in store.  Great benefits. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Productive and fun workplace with snacks, and computers to check emails, or what not. ", " Excellent place to work would work there again.  Great benefits great pay and great culture ", " Staff training is very good but to the point that it is too much in a period of time. Spending days talking about Apple values is pointless.  Good benefits if you know how to find them.  Here is a big problem, you'll work fine if you are young 18-24, look good, and are diverse. What that means is apple wants you as working window dressing that they have the appearance of being the best equal opportunities employer ever. They are to a point yes, but if you don't fit in with the 'cult' of apple your soon rooted out. And don't be shocked if your career is hampered by someone less qualified than you getting a job ahead of you its because that person is wanted in that job to show that area is also equal.  Fun can be had out on the shop floor with customers its a great way to meet people.  Managers constantly usurp each other so staff are always out of the loop on a change in policy.  Do not trust any member of staff with any private thoughts or things in your life. The managers are not your friends even though they are trained to act like it. This is possibly one of Apples most discussing tactics of keeping tabs on staff. ", "  \tCoordinated with clients for requirement gathering.  \tDid the requirement analysis, impact analysis.  \tClient Interactions for Resolution of bugs, Enhancements and Modifications   \tDid the Database and application Design for the application.\t  \tDid code, design document reviews.  \tSupport the application.  \tDesigned applications and performed code review with other developers  \tHandled user Authentication, Error Alerts, Alert Messaging. Handled Errors handling for system failures and writing it in an error log ", " Work was contracted through Xerox. Job was unstable due to conflicts of interest between the companies in what is expected. Each company has their own legitimate and justifiable reasons from their perspective. They just don't blend well but have been working towards a decent middle ground. ", " Checking emails with incidences, raised tickets with provider, reconciliations in SAP, journals, meeting and calls with HR and provider to resolve the queries in Payroll for the 600 employees who are under my responsability ", " - co - workers were hard working and no one backed out  - the hardest part of this job was having to explain everything about the phones and tablets ", " I HELP WITH DAY CARE SOMETIME. IM STILL IN SCHOOL . I LEARNED YOU NEED TO BE HELPFUL IM MANY WAYS. ", " It is still hard to believe I was working for Apple during this time and I had no clue that they were about to explode. I should have figured it out, but I never did and finally decided that this was not the job for me. It is a decision that I regret today. So all I can say is that Apple was a well run machine that was super busy when I was there. I felt like I needed more help and didn't see that happening. Also, this was a contract position and I wanted to pursue something more full-time. That was also one of the main reasons. ", " Been with this company for more than 2 years. Absolutely awesome place to work. A very high pace working environment. Well balanced work and break system. A very good recruitment or hiring process. Well seasoned management. ", " Apple has lead me to learn and grow in numerous ways. It has provided areas to learn and excel, but at the same time, grow stagnant.   There is a lack of promotion within, especially with new graduates who lack skills they are looking for. If you are a top performer and consistent in your work, they overlook you for others that have the skills from outside the company. ", " I loved working for Apple because I love the products and services I could offer a customer.   Additionally, I learned about 3000 different products and I was able to serve people in three different countries.   I love that Apple is innovative, creative, makes intuitive products and delivers excellence daily.   Awesome company to work for and it was a blessing. ", " Provided technical support to iPhone end-users. Telephone support for iPhone, iTunes and workstation. ", " The job itself was awesome. The coworkers really fed into the culture of the company. Management was friendly but didnt really have a grasp on the products we sold. The hardest part of the job was advancement because it was based on peer relationships with management. ", " Working for Apple is a privilege and there are many opportunities for advancement within your store and in the company as a whole. The day to day job can be a little challenging, but dealing in customer service is never a walk in the park. They do teach you the skills necessary to be successful and are always open to feedback. ", " This company was a great place to start my working career. It gave me a lot of responsibility at such at a reputable company. ", " best company to work for. To be passionate about what you do for a living while working under the leadership of Steve Job and to vision ahead is what the took the most during my years with Apple. ", " Great place to work, fun and fast paced environment. It's Apple and their greatest asset is the people. ", " Most days are spent fielding technical support calls and emails from customers and software developers.  There are training and information sessions schedules as needed.  Your supervisor changes constantly and you can never get a straight answer out of any of them.  When asked direct, career-specific questions they will placate you with corporate jargon and double-talk instead of answering directly.  They do a lot to try and keep things jovial and engaging, with catered parties and goofy contests. ", " great place to work..helpful employees. fast environment. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Mornings begin with each employee doing an assessment of the work load in varies area. Then as a team we would select our areas based on heaviest work load areas and based on each others strengths and familiarity. The supervisor would also do an assessment after 2 hours into the shift and reassign members as well as provide training to strengthen us in all areas we would eventually be able to work proficiently in all categories. As a team we supported each other by assisting  a teammates who may be unfamiliar territory or just needed clarification The hardest part of the job was some times trying to dissect the communication between front line and the customer due to incomplete statements. I enjoyed the constant change and learning new systems and process. ", " I worked as an At-Home Advisor in the college program. A typical day for me consisted of providing excellent customer service and tech support to customers that called into the Apple Care line. I learned all about iOS devices and how to troubleshoot and resolve issues that arose. My manager was fantastic, he constantly drove me to improvement. My co-workers were a great support system and helped in times of confusion. The hardest part of the job was selling Apple Care packages. The most enjoyable part of the job was the satisfaction you got when you solved an issue that a customer had been having for an extended period of time. ", " Amazing place to work. Can be an overload of customers at any location. Great co-workers. Hardest part is getting to all the customers. ", " Apple is the fun. You get to meet a lot of interesting people at the stores if you work sales. Have to invest a lot of time before any advancement. ", " This was allot of data entry and setting up phone queues. I had to create logins and assign them to the correct name.  Exited people out of the system once they didn't work for the company anymore. ", " Excellent company, great work/life balance. I enjoyed the people that I worked with. ", " -for the most part the job was very organized and simple. -my main task were opening and closing the store. -cashier position. -greeting customers. -setting up displays for the holiday and/or sales through out the store. ", " Making a difference. Wonderful co.workers. Every day is a privilege working for this company ", " Each day at work is different youll be hit with all kinds of situations and people (from kids to business to elderly customers).  At times it may seem over crowded but there is always a really great team behind to support one another. Management are always looking out for ways to help improve the store culture and there is great training provided so you don't have to know it all to get the job. ", " Work from home opportunities are great corporate discount ", " We worked as a great team.  Management was suppportive.  No real hard parts of the job.  Most enjoyable part was the people. ", " First of, pay is good.  They want you to be a robot, the director of Canada is a micro manger, he only has this position because he opened a MP3 shot at he first location in Canada.   Vacation sucks, 2 weeks? Brutal  Benefits are the worst I've ever seen in any company i have ever worked for.   No work life balance, you are all over the board, working days, nights, and then overnights every 2 months because they decide to change an angle of a table.   Staff hate it, only resin they stay is the $$ which causes problems at the end of the day.   I feel Apple pays there employees to shut up! Here is lots of Money, now don't say anything or cause any problems no matter how bad it is. ", " Bad Managers, they throw you under the bus to make themselves look better. ", " The hours at Apple are different each week, and working any retail job seems to have some troubles that are unique to that type of work, but Apple is a wonderful company to work for.  I enjoy what I do, and the people that work at Apple are all pleasant and a pleasure to work with. ", " work on asemblyline assemble computer. I learn building computer. ", " Covent Garden is Apple\u2019s flagship store and the largest in the world.  I was hired as one of the 300 staff chosen from over 4000 applicants.  During my time with Apple, I have had many varied roles. ", " Fast Paced, Energetic Awesome! Learned to troubleshoot IOS and Mac Devices, Management is the best hands down. There are so many cultures brought to one place with Co-workers and its awesome. Having to contact customer support tests your patience. Most enjoyable part of the Job had to be fulfilling the consumers needs. ", " Managed planning, forecasting and replenishment of consigned service parts for distributors in the US and emerging markets, maintaining fill rates and minimizing inventory liability ", " Energetic job with good benefits and environment. Hardest part of the job was to remain serious because the atmosphere was laid back but the customer service skills needed to be at its best, and im all about having good customer service skills. ", " Apple is a good company to work for. The customers are happy and the advisors such as my self is very experienced. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Lots of hours. Mandatory overtime. Minimal pay. The general work environment was friendly, among lower levels. ", " Everyday I would meet thousands of people coming into the store to shop or even just hang out, mostly foreigners.  I learned how to communicate effectively with a wide range of people from different cultures and lifestyles. Also how to best serve them for their needs.  Management is does their best but is can be hard to manage 800+ employees.  With as many co-workers as we had it was still a great community.  Hardest part of the job has to be the fact that there was no traffic slowdown, there was always multiple customers fighting for your attention and it can get overwhelming.  Making a genuine connection with a customer and knowing that you've enlightened someone in any way. ", " start at 8am work hard all day to reach your target numbers. I was trained in all areas of the floor regarding operating the machines. Management were very easy to get on with once your work was done properly. Co workers were great got on well with everyone great team work. Reaching the targets and pushing yourself to reach these targets. The way the workers got on together and great team work. ", " Learned to deal with a variety of technical issues. Most enjoyable part of the job was providing excellent customer service to every customer. ", " To work at Apple is to work with a family team of coworkers who worker together to encourage and enhance one another for the betterment of the complete Apple experience for our costumers. ", " A typical day for me would involve technical support and the odd sale here and there.  In my time there I have had the opportunity to learn all about the Mac operating system, along with some of it's Pro Applications.  Before I started here I knew nothing about the Apple culture or even the hardware itself.  In the time I have spent here I have learned a lot and very quickly.  The people that work there are second to none as they are probably some of the most supportive people I have ever met!  The most enjoyable part of the job is how your fellow co-workers eventually begin to feel like one big extended family!  It's a great place to work! ", " Apple has a reputation for thinking outside of the box and its retail stores meet that standard. Exciting and future forward environment every single day at work ", " actully it was amazing when you work with active, ambitious, hard worker team and good management ", " Very challenging work, very demanding environment. Work to shift industry standards to make high quality products. Travelled frequently on short notice. ", " Great company to work with a typical day at work what you learned management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job ", " Got a lot of very useful and helpful experience. I would like to work for a company like Apple which is a very big company and I would have more opportunities to improve my career. ", " As far as retail goes, Apple is the best it gets. Great benefits and amazing colleagues make it a great place to work. Hard to grow from within the company or have creative input on daily operations, but teaches transferrable skills that are valuable in all workplaces and in life at large. ", " Working for Apple is amazing to say the least. Typically you are your own boss to create and figure new business strategies to help push better products, experiences, and services.   Your management team will support you and guide you on most things if you need the help, but you are expected to create solutions that impact the business on a micro and macro scale (\"everyone sweeps the floor\").   Working for Apple is hard work and requires individuals who are extremely loyal to the company. For Apple, image is everything. Anyone who abuses the or alters Apples image will not last long at all. You will be asked to keep secrets and never alter or assume products rumors or Apple confidential information.  You will learn more about yourself and your capabilities of self driven motivation to exceed expectations. You will learn how to better become a more detail oriented person. Surprise and Delight.   You will work very hard to achieve even the smallest incremental progress.   All your hard work will be worth every ounce of effort. ", " Do you like Apple?  Do you like telling people about Apple and working in a job with your friends?  Then this job is for you. ", " Performed Board Assembly, Pre- Assembly and Post Assembly Duties.  Great Teamwork and Communication.  Christmas Shutdown!  Company Summer and Winter Parties ", " I worked every day and worked on customer service and helped people understand products and services. I leaned about the products and also about what my co workers did on the side - the hardest part of the job was learning about the things I didnt know but then the most enjoyable thing was finding out the solution and passing my knowledge on to the the customer. ", " Apple is a Great Place to work! Everyday I get enrich the lives of customers that are interested in using technology. ", " I have really enjoyed working at this company.  The managers have been awesome and so have my coworkers.  Pay is in line with the job and there is a lot of incentive to earn more and win great prizes.  Would definitely recommend to anyone considering applying for a position here to do so, you'll enjoy every minute of it. ", " It can be a bit \"big brother\" at times but working for a company with superior products has its perks. ", " As a Creative at an Apple retail store, I am responsible for performing multiple training sessions through out the day.  In this setting, I work one on one with the customer, developing their skills in subjects from an introduction to their product, to Apple Professional Applications.  I also conduct workshops, which enables me to work with a group of people, creating curriculums on the spot.  Apple\u2019s training, both in store, and out of store, has majorly developed my public speaking skills, and my ability to convey technical information in a more simplistic form.  Part of my job is not to just teach someone how to use an Apple product, but to be able to teach themselves. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Learned from a multitude of people, gained excellent communication skills, and learned better time management! Professional and encouraging work environment. ", " It was great getting to know your customers and spending time with them. It was a fun and fast work environment. The management and co works were the best to work with. I loved them all. ", " In a normal day at work I had to: - Check, understand and interpret data; - Use, various econometric modelling techniques; - Research data; - Mailing; - Visual presentations; - Filing; - Prepare Employees Induction. ", " Busy and mostly managed well but always a few bad people in charge. They take care of you to a degree if you like the toys and are in the cult. If you are a hipster it's great. ", " Apple is a very intense place to work however, you are required to use critical thinking which is good experience to use in and out of the work place ", " The workers at the company are like a large family. The daily routine however is very dull. Lack of creativity and innovation from top down. ", " While working at home everything is timed down to the millisecond and it starts to feel like your trapped in your own house day in and day out ", " The personal development at Apple is fantastic. I've grown so much in the past year. The pay is great and the people I work with are smart and team players. Great culture and great company. ", " I help people find solutions for their problems with Apple products. Usually worked in the iPhone area of the store and was Top 10% in selling Apple care to customers. ", " Management is cool and treated us well. We always had fun at work but also always got work done. Store meetings were hilarious and different. ", " This was a salary + commission work environment. Fast paced because your dealing with consumers all day long, attending conference calls and working with partner store management. ", " Each day we would try to learn something new about products or people. The benefits could have been better, but the atmosphere was great and the employees here work very hard. ", " There's nowhere else like it, and everyone knows it. That's a good and a bad thing. Management quality varies widely throughout different parts of the company. ", " Great opportunity to be able to work from home, chance to learn various platforms and work with great products and customers. ", " Apple has a great work environment with a diverse culture and attitude. The campus is very advanced and nice making for great work atmosphere. ", " Get to work with a vast array of amazing and talented individuals pursuing their passions. Very supportive management that helps you in improving yourself every step of the way. ", " Apple has been the best job that I have ever had. With the part time benefits and the stock purchases plans I feel like I will be with them for a long time. ", " This Company Is great to work for, they treat their employees very well. They truly want you to succeed and grow as a person not just as there employee. ", " One of the best retail companies I've worked for.  Very fair environment.  Tough attendance policy, but very clear. ", " Tools were well designed, training modules were expertly executed.  In the field, we had lots of support from supervisors and tier 2 agents. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Not willing to expand further, I would not wish to go into further details as Apple prides itself on confidentiality I will not say more than I have said above it it an amazing place to work. ", " Very busy stressful environment, yet fulfilling and rewarding to work for a top notch company. ", " Teaching One to one classes and workshops in the mornings, in a very relaxed environment. ", " Good company that cares about its employees.  Hours were long however flexible. ", " While working in retail can never fully be described a \"fun,\" Apple is the first company to come close to making it so. Working in an Apple retail store makes you feel like a kid again each day, and keeps you on your toes with its fast-paced and ever-changing environment. The management takes a direct role in the store's overall performance and makes those tough decisions in the moment on a daily basis, allowing the employees to multitask quickly and efficiently. The hardest part of the job would have to be maintaining professionalism. In that kind of environment, working with mostly college students, it can be fun but also very immature. At the same time, this was the most enjoyable part of my job, because every person I worked with had their own interesting or even exciting story, and in the position I worked, I was able to form lasting friendships with some of these extraordinary individuals. ", " My typical day would be. Relaying daily goals to all staff members Training new staff on new products, sales techniques and how to give the best customer service. Close communication with UK Directors on our store progress. Closing the store and accountable for all bank work for the store.  What I learned  Time management How to get the best out of the people around you how to find ways to beat hard goals Think outside the box  Hardest part of the job When the store was quiet still trying to find ways to beat high goals   most enjoyable part of the job seeing everyone enjoying their work environment seeing people use your training techniques effectively ", " I work on the logistics side within Apple, I am responsible for all of the stock in our warehouse and in our nearby Bromley store, I use SAP and Excel every day for controlling stock, Receiving deliveries, arranging collections from our warehouse, resolving discrepancies and everything associated with it.   I am looking to further my career within a logistics/warehouse environment, as I enjoy all aspects of the industry.   I had to go through a rigorous interview stage for Apple and am very privileged to have succeeded and wish to use my skills in a more challenging environment.  I would welcome the opportunity to be a part of your team, and to learn from people that have had many years experience. I feel that my vibrant personality and experiences would be a great addition to your team. I would say that I am very much a people person who make friends easily and feel that is one of my best attributes.   I have recently got Married and this has given me more incentive to push myself and go as far as I can. I work well with all members of a team and think I would fit easily into any new or established team. I am a highly motivated person who works hard and pays attention to detail. I\u2019m flexible, quick to pick up new skills and eager to learn from others. I feel I would be a welcome and productive addition to your team I also drive and have my own car, I live in Crayford South East London, drive, and in commutable distance. ", " No matter what your role is a day to day is going to be completely different. There are always new challenges. The culture is awesome although working in stores you do get overwhelmed sometimes due to retail hours. ", " Apple is a very intense place to work however, you are required to use critical thinking which is good experience to use in and out of the work place ", " Amazing fun place to work .  Since out team work on agile method . we have scrum meeting everyday to define the task and sprint .  I have some very amazing and talented co-workers with me . ", " I enjoyed the fast paced and exciting environment to develop great products with some fun and talented people. ", " Strong communication skills that let me to converse as freely and comfortably with small groups as with individual customers. Strong people skills- approachable, a good listener, and empathetic. Ability to deliver great customer experiences in a very active environment and to be invigorated by constant personal interaction. Strong interest in technology and agility at learning new products and features. Highly skilled at uncovering customers\u2019 needs, then following through with enlightening solutions. Not only am I the first person customers meet when they enter the store, but I also am the person who guides them\u2014advising, selling, and even setting up their new products. Understanding of how businesses use technology and what Apple solutions can offer them. Discover customer needs through briefings and work with the Business Team to prepare and present proposals ", " Had a great opportunity to learn, thanks to the team I was in. ", " Learned a load about Apple and it's products.  Very little scope for advancement ", " Apple Retail is an incredibly fun place to work, although definitely demands the most out of you. The culture is absolutely amazing, and the benefits, even for part-timers, are great. ", " Great benefits.  Increase in competition is clear, but the culture remains strong ", " I originally went to work because I loved Apple products and loved the culture of going above and beyond in customer service. I've always believed in doing whatever it takes to make customers happy, and Apple was committed to living into that.   Unfortunately, Apple does not treat its employees anywhere near as well as it does its customers. For part-time work they pay isn't bad, but if you work full-time you don't get paid enough to live on, unless you're a manager. This is exacerbated by the fact that the commitment demanded precludes you from taking a second job to make ends meet. You either commit totally to Apple, or you don't work full-time.  You also have to deal with management that is frequently inept and petty. They get focused on managing the names on the iPads they constantly have with them on the floor, and do little to nothing to connect to the people attached to those names. You're not a person, you're a cog in their machine. And God forbid you should say or do something they don't like because managers will make your life hell to force you to quit if you look at them crosswise. I actually saw them take a number one salesperson and make life humiliating and miserable in an effort to make that employee quit.   If you work in Apple Retail, your fellow employees are smart and committed, but thanks to the management, you have to constantly watch your back.   If you think you can start part-time and move up, find a different career. Management does nothing to support you in moving up and they never suggest you try for a move. If you move up it is only because ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> you pushed and pushed with every manager for months before you get considered for an open slot. A less delicate way of putting it is you have to brown-nose so hard and for so long that you give your face a permanent stain.  I loved working around the products. I loved the other employees. I enjoyed most of the customers. But working with managers who treated you as less than human got real old. It's not bad part-time work, but I learned the hard way, it's not a place you want to work full-time. Find a job in a garbage dump, it's more rewarding. ", " One of the most successful companies makes you feel like one of the jigsaw pieces, necessary to make a picture complete. ", " Apple throws a lot at you, but it allows you to grow and develop into a tech expert.  The hours were good, but advancement seemed to be an issue as it seemed as if progression was stagnant for much of my time there. ", " The job can be stressful, but it's always challenging. I worked there in different capacities over 5 years and can say without a doubt it's the best company I've ever worked for. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Working for apple was a dream come true. While working at apple I decided to go back to school. I worked with some many great people. The part of the job was teach guest how to use the devices.  I enjoyed putting smile on people face by just giving great customer support and service.   ", " Very challenging task can be in your plate any times and you have to come up with solution with in dead line. Lots project keeps you busy and constant change in work environment make worth while to go to work. ", " If you love the fast pace environment, helping customer come into the world of technology and get excited with the customers as they learn how Apple products will enrich their lives, then this would be a great company to work for. ", " A typical day would involve incoming calls and distressed callers - the sense of enjoyment from helping people in distress is unmeasurable.   Not great co-workers but rather great friends always supportive and looking to assist when needed. ", " Apple is a phenomenal company. It was a great learning experience, and i was able to grow as a person in the company. It taught me great customer service, and sales skills. They had a very extensive training program to teach proper customer service techniques. I enjoyed face to face interaction with the customers, and the product is the best. ", " Pays well for at home work. Supplies all equipment necessary to do the job.  ", " It's a great job if you enjoy being micro-managed and being spoken to like a child. You probably won't find a better paying retail job but you do have to sacrifice your soul for it.    ", " great for college kids looking to survive and make easy money. Hard place to enter unless your referred. The people you work with are pretty down to earth and friendly. But the retail environment gets old very quick. ", " I loved Apple and it always was a fun gig, especially during launch days and overnights, my co-workers will forever be good friends of mine, the hardest part was demanding people and supply and demand, other than that it was a high demand sales gig, that taught me skills I will keep forever. ", " Performed Board Assembly, Pre- Assembly and Post Assembly Duties.  Great Teamwork and Communication.  Christmas Shutdown!  Company Summer and Winter Parties ", " Good flexible company for someone looking to work at home. I would recommend working here if you are able to handle a high stress job. ", " This company was a great place to start my working career. It gave me a lot of responsibility at such at a reputable company. ", " Always good! I had a great time working at apple and would gladly do it again if it had the opportunity. Always buys but a great group of people who always looked out for you! ", " Best experience as a sales representative and leader that I could have had.  Introduced me to leadership principles and ways to build better teams and embrace company vision. ", " Just line up as a group and work on computer as long as computer are tested and label. I learn to cooperate the rules because it deal with Apple computer and Ipod. My co-worker and I work together and we eat lunch same time, we get along just fine. I don't think I have the hardest part of the job here because is easy process. Its was interesting assembly I learn to work with. ", " the job is easy the people and the lead is approachable  theyre just strict on the time and its also easy the day off except for the holidays cause alot of people are requesting for it. overall its an easy job . but you cant use any gadget once youre in working so no phones or music player. ", " Apple is fun and a learning experience. The culture there is so different from any other job I'v ever had. Everyone is willing to help. The customer journey is always most important. ", " Work was easy, pay was great. Job security is not the best. Enjoyed the work from home position. Apple sends you the equipment needed to do the job ", " Had fun working with customers on finding products they enjoyed for their Macs and iPhones. Working new releases was especially fun as you could always feel the excitement. ", " A typical day at work involves supporting customers by answering their technical questions, repairing computers - managing repairs.  I work with a group of highly motivated individuals that focus on the customer journey.  The hardest part of my job is when I have deliver unwanted news to a customer.  The most enjoyable part of my job is working with people. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple is the innovator in all aspects. From the products that they have produced to the operation of the whole company. ", " Data Entry/Warehouse Manufacturing  I was responsible for data transactions, work orders, shipping reports, scanning apple products to ship out, and building pallets. ", " Apple is the best company in the history of companies. They treat their employees like Kings and Queens. ", " Apple is a great place to work at, but with so many people wanting to work for Apple advancement can be difficult. ", " A typical day at work would be helping and resolving customers queries. I learned a lot of things at Apple, such as having a strong verbal (phone/mail/in person) communication skills utilizing active listening and clearly speaking to customers. How to deal with issues that I would not be expecting for and take instant decisions, without making mistakes. Either management or co-workers were friendly and together we were a collaborative and supporting team. The hardest part of the job would be unusual situations which required more time to resolve the issues and make customers wait more longer than expected. Dealing with a worldwide most desirable gadgets. ", " A typical day is come in and immediately start spreadsheeting. I learned alot about warehouse production. I didn't care too much for management there due to alot of favortism and unfairness. My co-workers were really cool to be around for 8hrs a day. The hardest part was seeing and knowing about the scandal with management at work. The best part was meeting and working with nice co-workers everyday. ", " It's all fun and games in the beginning but, as soon as you get comfortable, your schedule and manger get switched and you end up finding out how you are just a gear in this huge machine that is Apple Inc. ", " May have been one of the best experiences I've had. The main focus here was teamwork, and I greatly appreciated that.   Was able to find best solutions for customers and their technological needs. ", " Stress free and you are totally responsible for fulfilling deadlines at a pace you can set to best achieve in a timely but quality manner  Great team members who strive to work together with you ", " Apple is great at rewarding their staff. I earned numerous free gifts such as T-Shirt, iPod, and gift cards based on good performance and reviews. ", " The job is a job.  The culture is different depending upon which group you are in.  Overhead is overhead so everyone is your client. ", " Provided 24x7 support for Apple Inc data center relating to all electrical and mechanical infrastructure equipment.As the lead on shift engineer major responsibilities was to maintain the data center environment and insure all equipment was operating through continuous proactive monitoring, conducting rounds, problem support, and scheduled maintenance activities. Operate and maintain mechanical systems including chillers, VFD's cooling towers, pumps, motors, CRAC units, air handlers, fire systems, and roof top AC package units. Operate and maintain critical power systems such as generators, UPS, ATS, PDU, static switch, high voltage dual feed systems, high voltage substations, paralleling switch gear systems, and battery monitoring equipment. Maintained ethical, professional and courteous relations with contractors and vendors.Respond to alarms from the building automation system and resolve issues as needed. Monitored and conducted chemical tests for the water treatment system for proper operation. Track and respond to trouble tickets generated for all facilities equipment related issues. Made recommendations for improving the operational status of all mechanical and electrical systems.Worked on in house electrical and mechanical projects.Develop new guidelines, policies, and procedures to improve the operational status of the data center relating to cost savings. ", " One of the funnest, most organized, and all around appreciative places I've ever worked. I grew tremendously through my experiences here and I would recommend anyone and everyone to experience the same if possible. The people, the product's, and the culture is what makes this company number one in the world. ", " It was a fun place to work and it was a thrill to be able to not only assist people with there technology but to aid people to become comfortable and relaxed so that assisting them through there troubles would be an enjoyable experience for them. ", " This is the best place to learn a lot of new technologies. Very good environment to work ", " People working there are very nice and helpful. The work load is okay, and there are a lot people who can help you. ", " didnt work their to long they went out of business they were a contract company ", " From an individual contributor QA Engineer (non-manager position) Apple is OK on work culture and benefits. The work is relentless and rigorous. Say goodbye to a normal, healthy personal life if you work for Apple. It seems like every level position in QA departments are busy busy busy. After having worked at Apple through the 1990's and 2000's - 2010's, Apple was definitely a lot more enjoyable place to work back in the 1990's. Management in QA departments are a lot more uptight and demanding. Seems like to Managers are always under the gun and pressured to push their crews harder and harder. ", " A vibrant and fast paced environment. An excellent place to test your skills and patience. ", " A very competitive place to work and grow professionally,new learning opportunities and challenges almost on a daily basis. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Very challenging work, very demanding environment. Work to shift industry standards to make high quality products. Travelled frequently on short notice. ", " Managed planning, forecasting and replenishment of consigned service parts for distributors in the US and emerging markets, maintaining fill rates and minimizing inventory liability ", " I appreciated my coworkers and the pay. But eventually, upper management began to treat us like second rate citizens. It gets tedious and there really isn't anywhere to \"advance\" per se. ", " This company knows how to treat their employees. It is very competitive and they drive their employees to be their very best. ", " This job is for open individuals and has a lot of great opportunities for growth. You can learn a lot from this job and it is totally worth the experience. ", " Excellent learning curve, Fantastic peers to work, Cutting edge technology and multi-vendor environment gives an opportunity for healthy competition. ", " My typical day at work would be to help customers find the best product that will help and assist them in the most efficient way possible. ", " Apple is fun and a learning experience. The culture there is so different from any other job I'v ever had. Everyone is willing to help. The customer journey is always most important. ", " Work hard and you will be rewarded, fun team and good management. Great progression and amazing benefits, i've met amazing people and had good training. ", " The only reason I left Apple was for family reasons. It is a great culture, excellent management, and a fast paced environment. There is room to grow, and the technology is always changing. ", " Answering call and walking customers thought various troubleshooting steps to figure out the issue that are currently. ", " If there is anywhere anyone should work it would be Apple. You learn so much in so little time. We work with the best and only improve on our skills. ", " Apple Certified  as a Technology Expert Consultant.    I believe in Apple Products and I learned a lot about technology and business ", " Lot's of 'retail lifers'.  You'll be asked what your passion is, and why you're there by management that doesn't understand the product themselves.  Very 'do as i tell you, not as i do' environment. ", " Amazing place to work daily, great culture great people, great great great great   reat great great greatreat great great greatreat great great greatreat great great great ", " Good Experience. Very hectic. Good Staff.  New Technologies Good Management It was always fun to work at apple but the work quality was not good for my project. ", " If you are fresh out of college Apple is a great company to launch your career. You will be challenged every day and given responsibilities that most people will not receive until their 30's.  ", " Apple hires great people. I enjoy my co-workers and feel inspired by them daily. Management makes sure you feel appreciated and will help you achieve your goals with the company. ", " Data Entry/Warehouse Manufacturing  I was responsible for data transactions, work orders, shipping reports, scanning apple products to ship out, and building pallets. ", " Excellent pay! The management was not always available. I felt as though I was constantly worried that I was going to get terminated. The metrics were almost impossible. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " A typical day at work is sitting behind the computer all day writing the program for the current game you and your team are working on. I learned how to schedule my time to meet deadlines I set for myself and I also learned how to manage the other members in the team to get work done efficiently. My co-workers were people I knew I could get along with easily whom I trained to do the work. The hardest part of the job is making time to do other things in life. It over 10 hours a day of my time to work on the games. The most enjoyable part of my job is having the freedom to create my own schedule. ", " Apple has a great culture and environment. Everyone has a good attitude and is willing to go out of their way to help you. ", " Unique and extensive learning opportunities   Work alongside a high performing team of technicians and creatives ", " I really enjoyed my temporary employment with Apple. My co-workers and supervisors were really diverse. I got to work with people who I've never  worked with. The overtime was great. The only thing about Apple was there was no Temp to Hire. ", " As a trainer a typical day at work was helping other with questions they had with the operating system and walking them through the steps to complete the task at hand. I learned how to work with several operating systems such as FileMaker, and SAP. Management is great never had any complaints always stay on top of my job and were always very helpful when I had any questions. Co-workers were very friendly all types of ethnicities that i have worked with since my time here. The hardest part of the job was knowing how to distinguish all the Iphone to the untrained eye its jus a Iphone 3,4, or 5 but there are certain characteristics on the phone that can tell you what phone company its for and how many gigabytes the phone has. The most enjoyable part of my job is that i get to help people on a daily basis and that make my job enjoyable knowing that you helped someone with a problem and now are able to solve that problem on their own. ", " I have held 3 posistions with Apple, two supporting retail and one here in Austin in customer relations. All jobs have taught me a different set of skills. Every posistion came with its own challenges. ", " My co-workers are the reason I came to work everyday. They were just like me and always energetic; no matter what the circumstance was. Moral support was always a priority. That was not the same I could say for leadership. A few managers were great, but the vast majority were terrible leaders and needed a crash course in leading a team. As for moving on up... think again. It was a popularity contest and did not give you the will to apply for a new position when you were at the top already. ", " 3 day workshop at an apple centre To analyse different OS To be familiar with Apple multimedia tools ", " This company is in the forefront of technology and innovation. Great teammates with a desire to move Education into the 21st century. ", " A typical day at work includes working hard to ensure you are successful at work, coming to the office with a positive attitude and doing it again the next day! Hard work pays off. ", " Daily provide updates to the production ctb for the daily planning meeting.  New product launches were always exciting, lots of hussel, team work, making sure shipment arrived and delivered on time. Any revision to product was tracked. I loved that in inventory environment was controlled, great inventory management. ", " No money, poor payment, Never hired, Never released from Agency ", " Without a doubt, the best job that I have ever had. The people that work there inspired me and encouraged me on those days when I really needed it. A fantastic learning experience and for a people-person like myself, I could not ask for more. I would highly recommend this retail experience as an eye-opener. Apple has set the bar for service and the complete customer experience and their employees are always nudging the bar upwards. ", " Set up computer work station at start of work. Answer phone calls from customers and help new people decide what computer system they need. Sales of computers and equipment. Listen and provide answers to many different types of issues. Troubleshoot and correct issues from customers. Make logs and updates to customer records and issues. Fast paced and very busy work; day goes by real fast. Everyone there were highly educated. ", " At Apple, they want you to be smart, nice, and patient. At first you work in sales part-time. From there you have a couple of lateral options to become more acquainted with the different aspects of how the store works. I chose the path of Family Room Specialist full time. Then, if there is an opening or you're willing to relocate, you are able to interview for a promotion with better pay for one of the more concentrated roles. The choices are basically a higher tier sales position, training position, technician, business liaison, and inventory management. I, personally, am a software nerd and love to train others on how to use it all more effectively. Yet my personal, unique experience at Apple Retail is that the position isn't available often. Afterwards, if you want to move up further, you might move on to corporate if you work near their corporate facilities or feel like moving near one.   You could very well land the career of a lifetime with Apple.   All in all, it is a pleasant experience. I highly recommend it to pretty much anyone who is already tech savvy or would like to be more proficient with technology. Ideally, you just graduated high school, you're interested in anything and/or going to college for something, and you immerse yourself in Apple for a couple or more years to achieve a very well-rounded work history. Being the world's most admired company, if you're going to join them even at the retail level, you've got to be in it and far beyond driven to go to the top.  S.H. ", " I enjoyed working for Apple, Inc, Their expectations were high but they gave me the tools and support to be successful.  I was responsible for the quality processes, status of both mfg. and quality documents for sub assemblies being manufacture in China and Japan. Held daily and weekly meeting to confirm with the suppliers that they were working with current Apple prints, mfg. proceedures and process/tooling maintence and quality doceuments. Conducted daily line audits (mfg processes/and inspection points. I was in touch with my manager on a daily and weekly cycle even though I was in China/Japan. ", " I enjoyed each and every day that I was employed with Apple Computers. Each day was different which made it exciting. I learned so much about the Brains of a computer, and how customizing them is differently essential. Management was great, the classes, the teachers, made learning fun and enjoyable. All of my co-workers were there to help every step of the way, which made my learning easy. The hardest part of my job was leaving, the company moved and distance was further than I was willing to travel. I most enjoyed receiving calls from clients that wanted items that I hadn't had the pleasure of ordering or wasn't sure of, this broaden my knowledge. ", " With every customer comes a new challenge testing your knowledge and skills all the time. I have learnt how to control very upset customers as well as Apple's world class service. The hardest part would be dealing with upset and high rate customers. the best part of the day would be helping a customer by putting a smile on they face and showing them how easy the work can be by just a few clicks ", " Quality Analysis for retail applications.  Highly detailed focused environment, with outstanding support from co-workers and management.  Ability to learn on the fly and deal with ambiguity, along with effective teamwork and communication.  Preparation and execution of test cases to ensure thorough analysis of all system and platform requirements to achieve and deploy successful hardware and software systems.  Critical and creative thinking, along with solid understanding of end user needs, help to build effective testing methodologies and assurance of meeting even the tightest of deadlines. ", " Excellent place to work. Family environment, get to meet a lot of people. Get to stay on top of the latest technology. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Great job to have in college. You learn a lot of material that is very useful and this company is great to have on your resume. ", " At Apple you get to work with people who are really smart, but at the same time willing to help a colleague in any way possible ", " Great company to work for. Kept me knowedgable on macintosh products. Great people and very service focused. ", " Very flat company. You do learn a lot, but you work a ton of hours, not much chance of promotion unless you're willing to wait 5 years. ", " As a contractor i had a very specific job.  Working as a contractor can provide new experiences with new technology and opportunity to grow ", " I loved the job and doing technical support but I was working from home and I like to work in an environment around people. ", " Good place to work for learning new GIS tools and analysis.  Worked on a number of special teams managing different layers of data.  Great lunches and facilities. ", " A typical day at work is very not so typical at all. Every day is completely different because customers are very different from one another. ", " I enjoyed working for Apple. I found it to be a great learning experience... and enjoyed working with a great group of talented people. ", " I have met some of the most fantastic, unique, special, driven, intelligent, compassionate, quirky, SMART people I have ever know by working for this tremendous company. ", " An exciting place to work. Fascinating products and customer focused company. Compensation may not be as good as other equivalent companies. ", " Great work campus. Career benefits and advancement. Educational program support. Stock is great. Great for the economy and community. ", " Typical 9-5 hours. Managers are all great. Difficult to get a permanent job. ", " My co-workers make a fun working environment. days are very fulfilling and exciting. management is great. hardest part is stayin awake sometimes as it is a night shift ", " This company was fast paced and fun to work. The people were awesome and they were always having a great time between phone calls. ", " Work directly with genius bar apple store representatives to relay information used to repair hardware and software issues with macintosh merchandise. ", " Unique and extensive learning opportunities   Work alongside a high performing team of technicians and creatives ", " Does not feel like you are a valued employee for Apple, Inc. Hired through a staffing service and tossed aside. ", " Great place to work and teach - terrific team members and management. It can be a challenge, but there are great resources to make the day amazing! ", " Great place to work, exactly what you would expect from Apple. Management and culture is awesome and the compensation is the best in the retail world. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I worked at Apple and I have to say it is by far the best customer service experience. It is also the best work experience you will ever find in retail and possibly any career field for that matter. They have a very particular hiring standard in which the best people are chosen for the job. They have a variety of interview processes and regardless of how one is hired, everyone gets along with each other. It doesn't matter that you are the new guy, you are part of a team and the team works together to lift everyone up and make everyone their best. If you ever are unsure about something there is always someone there who knows an answer to something. It's an environment and ecosystem of creative and educated minds who think alike and who work together to create solutions for customers alike. The training is comprehensive and continuing. It lasts far past the end of your initial training program. Apple is always providing it's employees with education and information to grow within the company and the phenomenal leadership staff is by your side every step of the way to help you get to where you want to be in the company. From retail to corporate, the career path is laid out in front of you and everyone has every opportunity to go exactly where they want to go. By far the best retail experience ever for both the employee and the customer. ", " Distributing Logic Boards, CRT's and Sims Products, ensuring that materials were fully stocked and all Logic Boards were inventoried on the computer and keeping my work station maintained and ready for product change if needed.  Knowledge of the difference in product such as the Macintosh Plus and SE Model. ", " There is no company quite like Apple. From product design to customer service, everything is excellent. The single biggest thing I learned there is to focus on the details and the overall picture will be great. One cannot expect a great outcome if one does not make the necessary preparations.   Typical days at work as a Family Room Specialist involve around taking mobile appointments and training customer how to use computers and other devices via the One to One program.   Management was overall positive. There were a few aspects I feel like the dropped the ball, mostly on employee development (especially on employees who really wanted to make Apple a career). The coworkers are the best part of the job, I love everyone that I work with.   The hardest part of the job was also the best part of the job: Dealing with customers. Some of the interactions I had were priceless and I learned so much from them. Others, not so much. Dealing with somebody who does not understand that water damage voids the manufacturer's warranty and becomes hysterical does not help one's day much. But even in these interactions, something can positive can always be taken away. ", " Apple is amazing. Great culture, great benefits, sometimes great customers, but overall a great experience. The benefits may the okay pay worth it. There's even tuition reimbursement. It's great. But it's so many amazing people that everyone is super qualified for each job position. Oh well. If you're going to have a problem it better be that one. ", " If you enjoy the Apple Culture and working in a call center, Apple is a great opportunity. Great company to work for, great benefits, competitive pay packages, good leadership. Great team spirit and managers who are there for your success. A typical 8 hour day of awesome and helping awesome customers. ", " I was a specialist helping people at the front of the store. Work was very enjoyable, except for holiday and weekends. Coworkers and Management made working there fun and I looked forward to seeing them every shift. Hardest part was schedule flexibility. ", " It is unfortunate the companies string-along hardworking employees in contract positions. Although working at Apple Inc. has been an interesting learning experience (I now know what I want and deserve), it is time to move on. I need to be challenged and would love to apply my MA in communication studies. ", " Just about everything concerning this job is great.  You get to meet a lot of great people(customers and employees).  Plus you get to play with all the best electronics.  The only problem is that management isn't very good at placing people in positions where their talents best suit the company.  They start everyone out in the same position but won't always position them appropriately after some time spent gaging their particular talents. ", " Apple Retail is ever evolving and looking to continuously improve the way Apple works for its people and it customers.  There is never a dull moment.  The company supports the development of its employees.  But like in every job, politics does come into play when promotions are available.  The company provides excellent benefits, the team members are fun to work with. ", " I had worked well with everybody in all aspects of the company. In example I worked well with management, computer techs, smartphone techs, and logistics. I learned how to work with C.D.M.A., Q.o.S. also benchmarking various devices. Such as iMacs, Hard Drives, Monitors, iPhones, Ipods, Ipads; just to name a few. I was awarded several awards for quality of service also for work performance. The enjoyable part about this job was the company, what I brought to the company excellent work ethics, desired to learn, ability to work well with my team, acknowledge to assist team members on various projects. ", " The best thing about my day as a business manager with apple  is things are ever changing.  My day never seems to look the same and I always have alot on my plate.  I love the challenge.    I have learned a great value of effecting behaviors to get results.  I believe too many managers just look at the numbers and don't see the value of effecting the behaviors which will result in a numbers change anyways.   I do enjoy my work.  I only put my resume out because I believe my compensation could be alot more out in the market.  Most business managers I know that have left Apple are in the six  figure range.  I am putting myself out there to see if that is possible. ", " Responsible for trouble shooting customers computers responsible for repairs and upgrades to customers computers responsible for liaising with staff and customers ", " Fifth Ave store is great. Very busy and energizing. It is open 24 hrs. ", " Wonderful place to work, Great co-workers, understanding management.  Basic day consist of sales as well as conducting a workshop class as well and diagnosis of phones and other mobile devices.  The most enjoyable part of the job is helping the customer get that perfect device that they were looking for. ", " I answer calls for apple lvl 1 tech support about mac and mac pro laptops. help customer  resolves issue with the product and sell item to help out. handle stressed out customer over the phone when they are mad about the product goes down.  I learn a lot about apple Tiger os i think is 10.4  helping customer solve issue over the phone and guiding them to a solution.  management was lacking in training and supporting the agents.  Co-works only cared about pay.  handling a very stressed out customer with out taking it personally.  Most enjoyable was helping customer solve their issue with the mac laptops. ", " As everyone knows, very fun and relaxed working environment, selling excellent products amongst a friendly and social team. Perfect. Good pay, great team and great experience. The only drawback was the pure love obsession that some of the staff have for the company. Yes, they're cool and sell great products but it is still work and there is only so much 'over the top' enthusiasm and high fives you can take. ", " I realize this may be read as I am an apple fanatic, but the team I worked with was exceptional and miss working with them.  I know that not all jobs have great team members, but ours was solid.  As far as compensation and benefits, they got better after I was there for a year, but over other \"retail\" jobs what they offered was great to begin with + the fact that you could be promoted from within all the way up to Corporate Apple is another advantage. ", " A good place to work and learned a lot in my career, working here. ", " I learned all phases of tech support and sales and the online store , I spent many hours of training and have many certificates. ", " A typical day in the Apple Store would consist of clocking in, checking and responding emails, and constant business with bilingual customers for the entire shift via phone or in person. Working with Apple allowed me to learn a great deal about electronics and the customers challenged me to always find a solution to multiple problems through out each day. The staff couldn't have been better, from the new hires to upper management. Everyone knew and performed their job while also helping others learn day in and day out. The hardest part about Apple was the inconvenience of work scheduling. The most enjoyable part was being able to help the most distressed customers and watching them leave relieved and satisfied. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " The name of the company carries enough clout, and the experience follows the reputation. An innovative environment that allows for free thinkers to do what they do best.  ", " It was a a great place to work. I learned a lot about working independently and with a team. The management was of great support and knowledge. ", " Good flexible company for someone looking to work at home. I would recommend working here if you are able to handle a high stress job. ", " Great Place to work. Enjoyed working there. Talented people around. Can leverage own talent and skills Great Opportunities are given. ", " Apple is by far the best company I have worked for. Management was always determined to see you grow. I worked from home so it was very hard at times. ", " It is a great place to work. I would recommend apple to any person who wants to work in a fast paced and supportive environment ", " Love this job. Very flexible with schedules and very focused on properly training workers. Benefits are great and pay is pretty good ", " Learned sales skills in a very corporate environment, asked to perform a variety of tasks on a daily basis from normal opening closing activities to repairing hardware ", " good team members to work with, a typical day at work is to learn something new, we learn about technology use, procedures, customer service ", " The hours are outrageous and you have no life. During the holidays the hours are crazy early. The name is well known but the way the employees are viewed are not satisfactory. ", " I went into Google with my own filters and expectations on what the experience would be like and what I would end up doing. I started in September 2013 as a Technical Support Expert which involved taking direct calls from our end users of all iOS Devices and help them resolve their queries over the phone. Since, I had never used an Apple Device before joining Apple, It wasn't easy in the beginning but with time I learned a great deal from the colleagues and went on to become the \"Best Performer of the Quarter\".  I then moved on to take the senior role where my duties involved taking consults from the Tier 1 members and giving them advise as to how to resolve issue on not just iOS but CPU (MacBooks and iMacs) devices. I would also take over the call if the customer on the other end is not entirely satisfied with the resolution provided by my colleague in the Tier 1 department. I would then use my customer service and positioning skills to pacify the customer and make them understand as to why this resolution is in place.  After spending 6 months in the senior role, I joined the Senior Specialist position. My areas of responsibilities in this role would include Improving team performance by being able to coach to behaviours, with particular emphasis on customer reten- tion and recovery. Investigating and analysing problematic issues and see through to completion. Assisting in the development of the department teams through roundtables. The most enjoyable part of the job is being able to come up with your own ideas and implement them and show the positive impact on the department ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> through your innovative ideas. ", " Oscar, you showed a skilled use of Drive for Results this last quarter by setting an Exchange Goal of meeting the market standard of 13 Business Connections per quarter. ", " This was allot of data entry and setting up phone queues. I had to create logins and assign them to the correct name.  Exited people out of the system once they didn't work for the company anymore. ", " While showing great stability, the work hours are spread out and sometime not equal to a full-time position. ", " Apple is a company that supports its people 100% and expects the same support back. If you want to work for a company that really cares, Apple is the place to be. ", " The public knows Apple for it's extraordinary products and design. Apple pioneered the fun, and exciting work culture of Silicon Valley. However, as the company has grown so much in 10 years, much of the \"playful\" work environment at corporate headquarters and especially at the retail stores culture has disappeared.  At Apple, I have had the pleasure to work WITH some incredibly brilliant and admirable leaders. Unfortunately, every leader and manager I worked UNDER were some of the worse managers and had no business leading people. Because Apple does not offer any development for their people, particularly with Managers those who come up the ranks are awful. While those Managers that came to Apple as top leaders from other top companies were Amazing!  It is the diverse, intelligent, fun, and hard working individual contributors who truly make working at Apple worth it. ", " Any interesting working environment. I did not yet work for this company; hence I have no knowledge how the management is, as well as the co-workers. ", " Working in the Apple stores is no joke! It is fast pace and hard but it is the best retail job I have ever had. I had nothing but a great experience when working there. ", " learned sap, fed ex labels, an tracking,  how to download test media onto electronic products,   hardest part- standing all day  enjoyable- getting back into a physical job ", " Working at Apple allowed me to feel what it was like to be a part of a company that respects and honors it's customers just as much as they honor and respect their employees. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Salary is competitive. It is a good starting Job with base salary. There is opportunity to grow and explore different options. Peers are great and it is a great ambient to work in.  ", " This is a great company to work for. I have been employed for over two years and the experience has been mostly pros with very little cons. ", " HOW THE APPLE COMPUTER WORKS  MANAGEMENT HAD A VERY HIGH TURN OVER  I WORK WITH SOME GREAT PEOPLE.  WAS LEAVING  TALKING TO PEOPLE ON THE PHONE ", " For retail it has a corporate feel for it's people. Fun people Definitely top of my list of companies to work for. ", " Great place to work! Loved the location, loved working for the company and enjoyed my time there. ", " I LOVE THIS PLACE I WE RECEIVED ALL TYPES OF FREE STUFF AND DURING THE HURRICANE THEY FED US 3 TIMES A DAY WHAT COMPANY DOES THAT? ", " You learn the responsibilities and importance of a good warehouse system when it come to both safety and integrity of your work. ", " I would not be looking for another job if I was able to stand on my feet all day and work a complete shift without physical problems. ", " I enjoyed working for Apple. I would work for them again. Everyone works together to build better relationships with the customers and co workers ", " An awesome experience helping those in need. A time to help others and to be thankful of everything you have in your life. ", " Apple has a reputation for thinking outside of the box and its retail stores meet that standard. Exciting and future forward environment every single day at work ", " I enjoye the products, great design. The work experience is never really the same. I like to think that's fun. Something new everyday ", " Excellent employer. Handle incoming phone, call, or chat customer contacts. Best part of the job would be the gratification of resolving a customer's issue. ", " loved working with the apple computers. was there when everybody was scared of the Y2Kbug. installed over 100 of Y2K update firmware for the apple computers ", " Great company Average pay Management is good Co-workers are good Helping people is the most enjoyable part of this job ", " I appreciated the opportunity to join one of the best companies in the World. I learned valuable lessons that will help me in my next position. ", " Apple is definitely a great place to work. If you go into an apple store, you'll notice the employees are all friendly and happy to be at work. That's truly a reflection of the work environment. ", " A typical day at work was very fast paced and non-stop.  I learned great integrity and I was truly able to be an individual as I was empowered every day to do my very best and truly participate in the customer journey.    My managers were also incredibly approachable and very supportive.  I could go to any of them with any concerns, whether internal or external.  The largest part of what I miss is my co-workers.  They are family to me.  It's like I had over 100 brothers and sisters  My job truly consisted of what I refer to as the \"good\" the \"bad\" and the \"ugly\".  I worked as a technician for 6 years, but what I truly repaired on a daily basis was the customer's relationship with Apple.  Apple all inclusive, product and service.  It was a remarkable challenge and one that I truly fell in love with.  There was never a dull moment in my job and I loved it.  Truly, the most enjoyable part of my job was the personal interaction that I had with my co-workers and with my external customer's as well.  I made sure to have fun every day ", " Nice place to work, great culture and atmosphere.  I work from home and weather and internet connection permitting, I enjoy the technical side of helping customers. ", " Productive place to work. But Lacks management and morals and respect for their employees "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Retail is brutal. Apple was great when I joined in 2002 but unfortunately the customer service fell by the wayside and sales metrics took the forefront. ", " At work I come in sign on and begin assisting customers right away. I begin to help them with issues regarding troubleshooting devices or which device fits them just right. ", " I enjoy working at Apple. They have nice folks that work there and are always willing to help. ", " Great place to work with even better people.  Never a dull moment they allow you to be yourself and just enjoy interacting with people. ", " I enjoyed working there, and would go back if offered the oppurtunity.  I got to meet and interact with friendly people .  I learned a lot and improved in my work. ", " Apple is an amazing company to work for. The benefits are great and the customer service that you learn here will change your life forever. ", " Hours varied. Worked very hard for very little money.  Customers are extremely difficult to help and talk down to you. ", " I loved working at Apple. Everyday something new and exciting was coming out.  Our customers needs evolved and changed daily. ", " Lots of talking and dealing with angry customers. But the people you work with have your back and are life time friends.  ", " I learned all phases of tech support and sales and the online store , I spent many hours of training and have many certificates. ", " Culture is great. Pay is pretty low. The opportunity to advance is great. Co workers are a true team. You need a lot of energy to work there. ", " Good. typical 9 to 6 environment with need to stay late at times. Sometimes all month through. ", " Learned to deal with a variety of technical issues. Most enjoyable part of the job was providing excellent customer service to every customer. ", " This is by far the best retail company that I've worked for in all my years of customer service. From the co-workers to the customers. ", " Great coworkers, lots of education and development, supportive managers.  Easy to stay busy all the time. Great benefits. ", " I absolutely loved working at Apple. One of the biggest perks is they give you the opportunity to try many different facets of the retail world very quickly. I was part of 5 different teams in the 3 and a half years I worked there, and it was simply because I asked.   Management can be hit or miss. I had some incredible managers, who were always out to help their employees learn and improve, They also paired new employees with different more experienced associates to help see the different hats worn by different people.   Advancement is possible, however more often than not you would see people promoted because of favoritism, over more experience or longer tenure. That was also the down of some of the management staff. They picked their favorites and it was very hard to get in to their good graces otherwise. I have been told however that this is particular to the market I worked in, so it may be different outside of the chicagoland area.   Overall I would recommend working at apple if you are ever offered the chance. There is so much you can learn and so many different paths to take. ", " A fun place to work especially if youre a student. Room to grow is minimal, but overall the atmosphere is good. They care about their people, for the most part. ", " My experience with Apple retail was unique in that I transitioned from corporate into the retail side of the company while the Apple Stores were still in their infancy. ", " Hands down, this is the best retailer that I have ever worked at!!  This company is mutually as passionate about it employees as it is about its guests! ", " This job required me to learn many skills in a short time. The shifting hours and unfulfilled promises of a raise from management were the big short comings of the company.  "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Great place to develop yourself, i recommended everyone to work here ", " from when you walk in the door to when you leave there is nothing dull about a job at apple. ", " Fast paced environment, must be up to date with Apple's technologies and news. great place to learn about your Apple products. ", " Apple was a great place to work overall in terms of the people and the environment.  Every person was quite easy to get along with and relate with.  Every day the job consisted of assisting customers over the phone to get their iPads, iPods, or iPhones working to their satisfaction.  This, to me personally, was the hardest part of the job as being on the phone for 8+ hours a day really tended to wear me down.  The most enjoyable aspect of the job was simply being able to surround myself with great people that were friendly and incredibly helpful when assistance was needed.  I learned a great deal from my experience at Apple about how to better empathize and align with the customers I was dealing with day in and day out.  As a tier 2 advisor I also learned a good amount about proper time management as I would not only take calls, but also perform callbacks when necessary and have discussions with the engineering department as well as some others to get the needed resolutions. ", " Apple retail like anything else has it's positives and negatives. Full time benefits are amazing - healthcare, dental, 401k, stock options. But the base pay is very poor and it's extremely hard to advance anywhere. Almost impossible to have a life (or even sleep) as the hours range from 7 AM to 3 PM on a daily basis. Working as a Family Room Specialist is extremely stressful and eventually wears you down as a person - every customer you interact with is there because their product is broken, usually by fault of their own. The real reason you want to show up on a daily basis is your peers. Really truly exceptional people, mostly coming out of college, therefore taken advantage of by being under paid and under appreciated. Overall a great place to work if pay and advancement aren't important and you enjoy feeling completely disposable. ", " Great workplace,Apple cares about the employee and provides the best tools for the employees to succeed.A great company overall. ", " *Learning new things everyday *Fast pace *Great People *Great management  *The hardest part would be trying to find something to do when there are down time. ", " one of the 3 best jobs I had in my life. had Mr. jobs not moved operations overseas I would still be working there. ", " Working for Apple has done nothing but made me a better person 10 folds. They truly care about their employees and make the retail experience one of a kind. ", " Mac users are just cool people in general. Working with these computers as a proponent of Apple in general makes this job a breeze. ", " Apple is a role model for how a company should treat there employees and the positive fun work place encourages hard work and ownership in employees. ", " Great software development team, lots of incoming work to write internals tools for the marketing team. Great to collaborate with creative clients. ", " Regional management was sub par and corrupt (she was later fired for exploitation of employees), ", " I love working at Apple. It is an environment that's like family and we do important work to enrich people's lives. ", " Loving my time at Apple, Inc. Living the dream.  It is amazing to work with some many smart and motivated people.  Product launches are like Christmas a few times a year. ", " There are some things that are great like benefits, being able to work from home, but the advancement opportunities I was promised upon being hired are non existent. ", " You have to give it your all, and they don't care what else you give. I've loved the company for years, but I can't take it anymore. ", " Typical work day depends on job title. usually handling customers all day but you do not have to take work home with you. Lots of advancement opportunities. ", " Great place to work. The diversity and experience levels made this opportunity stand out from any other. ", " One of the best companies I have ever worked for I learned about my strenghts and weaknesses, and get place to build leadership skills! "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " A typical day at work at Apple is very vibrant. Everyone is cheery and focused. I've significantly increased my knowledge base to include the use of multiple systems and applications as well as refine my analytical and interpersonal skills. ", " Always room for growth and moving/looking forward never moving back. ", " Yes it's retail but it's miles different than any other retail job i've had. Leaders care about you as a person and also your development. You work for a company that has pretty much infinite resources as its disposal ", " I loved working or Apple the only thing that made me not give it 4 stars is the fact that they based your performance on surveys from customers that may not be returned. ", " I have really enjoyed working at this company.  The managers have been awesome and so have my coworkers.  Pay is in line with the job and there is a lot of incentive to earn more and win great prizes.  Would definitely recommend to anyone considering applying for a position here to do so, you'll enjoy every minute of it. ", " Apple is as good as you would imagine. Excellent standards, wonderful people, and of course, great insider news and products to work with EVERYDAY.  Only Asia would hire all full-times. Not so good as in North America if your livelihood depends on it. ", " Very busy. Must possess patience, positive attitude and the ability to empathize with customers. There are endless growth opportunities for employees who are ambitious and don't get discouraged easily. ", " It is an a good place to work at with positive minded people.  My coworkers are great people and we get along like if we're a big family. The hardest part of my job is to diagnose very complex issues with the software, but we have a big repertoire of resources and knowledge base articles to troubleshoot every problem, plus we have our supervisors/senior advisors, and even computer engineers to solve a problem if it seems almost unsolvable.   We get three breaks and we have two cafeterias in the building. We are surrounded by restaurants and lots of businesses. With 1 hour lunch break we get to eat and do other things comfortably before we get back to work.   The most enjoyable part of the job is to be able to help people. Sometimes I get to save those pictures of someone that lost a family member and they thought those pictures and videos were lost together. I've taken care of very frustrated people and after talking to me they're so thankful and happy because I solved their problem.   I get people back to work, back to teach, back to do their college duties, and back to do the things they enjoy doing with their devices as quick as possible by solving their issues in a timely manner. ", " Great place to work with even better people.  Never a dull moment they allow you to be yourself and just enjoy interacting with people. ", " Job was fun and exciting. This was my first job; here I learned my customer service and sales skills. It was working in Apple Retail that I developed my passion for sales and technology. ", " Lots of happy smiling coworkers. It was a fun place to work. My typical work day consisted of managing the technicians and making sure work was done on time. Organizing the repair room and keeping everything up to date. ", " While the need to support an increasing number of customers has increased dramatically beyond computers, the infrastructure internally has not been built yet. ", " Easily the best retail job had. Sales expertise required, but social skills and intelligent conversation are the true weapons of this work environment. ", " Manage my team on the right way Achieve my target Understand my market &amp; competitors Drive that matter, Focus &amp; Simplify &amp; Fight for Excellence  Manage the Apple's ambiguity ! The great balance between field an analysis ", " Working for Apple was an ever changing environment that kept me on my toes. I had to learn to adapt to changes quickly. Working from home for Apple made me a self-starter and driven to exceed expectations with little supervision. The most rewarding part of the job was resolving my customers problems. ", " I worked as a AHA adviser. We needed a very stable internet connection to perform this job as it was a tech support call center.  Training was excellent, hours were fantastic and I was able to work from home. ", " This is a really great company to work for, despite some people giving it a bad rap. I have been there for about 4 years now and I love my job. I feel like I'm getting paid for my favorite hobby. ", " I have nothing but great things to say about Apple as a company.  Great Pay Great People Great Training Hardest part of the job is working form home and never really getting away from work ", " If there is anywhere anyone should work it would be Apple. You learn so much in so little time. We work with the best and only improve on our skills. ", " I held a position as an at-home Tech Support Advisor for Apple via Kelly Services.  Primary functions include but not limited to customer service, tech support, and troubleshooting and issue resolution for Apple customers with iPhones, iPads and iPods. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " All consuming, draining, low pay. If you are still blinding by the Cult of Mac then this is the place for you. If you want to love your job and still have a life, this is not the place. ", " If you like working from home, then this could be just the job for you! ", " Ops / Supply Chain at Apple is a challenging and fast-paced environment.  You will learn a lot and gain a lot of new skills but you will also have to give up a lot to be successful at apple.  There is essentially no work-life balance in ops / supply chain roles. ", " You feel like you are part of something. I really enjoy helping customers who love the brand as much as you do. I feel like i'm part of a family and have so much support. There isn't a typical day, every day is different with lots of challenges to keep you on your toes. ", " I have worked at Apple for the past year and a half. It is an incredibly fast paced, often difficult place to work due to the high volume. I rather enjoyed the people I worked with and most of the culture. I love the concept of \"assuming positive intent\" in all interactions. I felt that the management's turnover rate was too high and the outside hires didn't always grasp the culture, leading to a confusing, muddled mess of micromanagement. I love working with the public and I thoroughly enjoyed my coworkers. I also enjoyed the challenge of trying to deduce what was wrong with a device and providing a solution in how to get the customer going again. As a technician, we often got bogged down by having too many people come in at once. Although it is a fun challenge to juggle 3 or 4 technical appointments with customers at once, it can become hectic and tiring after a while. ", " Field Account Executive working with K12 schools in VT, CT, MA, and RI. ", " Constantly receive praise from customers who rave about the customer service and product reliability compared to competitors. Good set up of support. Nice environment for employment. ", " Every Operations Specialist has a different role within their store. Some may spend most of their day on the phone with vendors. Others may spend their days inspecting elements in the store. Even more so, others plan the day out for their leadership team, and many do all of these things. But few do all of these things, support their Visual Merchandising teams, work on scheduling, and support the floor sales staff. This role allows each candidate to learn to flex time, prioritize, and work on multiple things at once. Expected in this role is a comfortability with upper management, willingness to train and educate others, and formidable communication skills. Prioritizing is essential, and cannot be taken lightly, since there are hundreds of things that can be done at any one time, that may positively or adversely affect store performance and appearance. However, seeing outcomes of selecting optimum solutions is incredibly gratifying. ", " Over the years of working with Apple I have realized that my skill set grows every day but as time continues moving forward, I feel like I am not! It is time to move forward. ", " very enjoyable and relaxed with great co-workers   great benefits   always willing to help you grow ", " Great job, kept on toes, always meeting new people. Particularly competitive, lots of banter, abstract culture.  ", " long and drawn out day with not much work to do , no advancement on offer unless you knew someone above board. ", " I love the culture at this company where the focus is on ensuring the customer's positive experience. ", "  Great company. There are many hard days, but customer service is rewarding. ", " Great to be part of one of the most amazing corporate turnarounds in US history. ", " Working at Apple allowed me to feel what it was like to be a part of a company that respects and honors it's customers just as much as they honor and respect their employees. ", " While I thoroughly enjoyed my job and the people I worked with, the management team is by far the worst I have ever encountered in my entire time working. Extreme amounts of favoritism and hypocrisy are all this store is built on. Apple is an amazing place to work and hopefully other stores out there are far better and do not treat their employees they way I have watched the staff be treated there. ", " It was a great company to work for.  My stay there was on a contract bases.  I wasn't able to apply full hire due to me being pregnant and stayed home to have my baby.  ", " Each day is very unpredictable. Its been one of the best experiences of my life. It has challenged me in ways I never could have imagined. ", " If you are fresh out of college Apple is a great company to launch your career. You will be challenged every day and given responsibilities that most people will not receive until their 30's.  "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " the good thing about apple was the people where fast and friendly and just an good environment to work around.  ", " Overall this is a very nice placed to work. The pace is fast. You are exposed to cutting edge technology. ", " Apple is the most unique place I have worked in my career.    A typical day lasts from 8:30 to 6:30 with a few hours more at home. My co-workers and I kid that this is the first place we worked where we wished it was Monday versus Friday so we had more time to get things done.  Timelines are ultra short and there is little to no tolerance for mistakes.  Management gives their employees a long leash to do what they want as long as commitments are hit and constant improvement on processes and tasks happen.  The hardest part of the job is the ramp into your role, it typically takes longer than what I have experienced elsewhere but the expectation is to ramp in half the time.  If you find a manager that you have a good fit with than you should be fine.  The most enjoyable part of the job is working with a great cross section of people.  All in all, a good experience but I have learned to know what I look for in my next role. ", " Great place to develop yourself, i recommended everyone to work here ", " One of the best retail companies I've worked for.  Very fair environment.  Tough attendance policy, but very clear. ", " The company provided a good amount of training. The culture is very upbeat but expect to be part of the \"Apple-Koolaid\" club. ", " I've learned many things from working at apple. I've learned patience and knowledge seeking. I've learned to look at things at a different perspective and be more of a team player.  ", " good company to work for. I enjoyed working with all the people that I cross. I learned many experience from all the people that i met. ", " Your Karma instantly changes when you walk in. The Store in general is beautiful from inside out. The whole vibe is nice. It's an awesome company to work for. The Benefits are really good! ", " Pays well for at home work. Supplies all equipment necessary to do the job.  ", " I honestly loved working at Apple and maybe if I wanted I would go back to it. A great team awaits anyone who wishes to work at Apple. I learned technical skills and social skills. I also learned skills that would allow me to become a manager. The management team was ok. Different agendas sort of conflicted with one another and so not entirely on the same page. Also some managers were truly there to help you grow while others not so much. The hardest part of the job was maybe dealing with unexpected situations but that also made it the best. Thinking on your feet is certainly a challenge but totally worth it. ", " typical day is easy just talking on phones. just hope you dont get a angry customer. I learned proper phone techniques the management are cool. my co workers are the best. hardest part is angry customers but the most enjoyable is the customers as well ", " Working for Apple was an amazing experience that helped me develop certain traits and improve on weaknesses. I learned to be patient with customers and provide the top most service. Management was very welcoming and cool. They always had something new to teach. Best part of the job was my co-workers. They made it enjoyable for me. Very friendly atmosphere in my opinion. The hardest part I would say is humbling yourself with the customers. ", " When you first start work for Apple they give you the hopes and dreams speech as I call it, everyone whom I know that started work for Apple have high hopes and expectations. Over time you realize its all a lie, extremely misguided management, overworked and many times not paid. The way you learn of new policies is by being written up first, don't speak up or out or you may end up on the unemployment line. Many times they have mandatory overtime, change schedules without notice, and have since outsourced scheduling to the philippines. I did enjoy the history and the culture and great people to work with but there is no future with Apple, every supervisor or manager is eventually replaced and the new ones will not even know your dedication and loyalty despite being screwed.  ", " Apple is a fun and innovative place to work.  Sadly they closed the field office in Ft. Lauderdale, which required me to find employment elsewhere.   ", " Great Customer service is what Apple is all about and it is a very good place to work because your coworkers are more like your friends. ", " Apple is a wonderful company to work for, they offer lots of employee enrichment.  ", " Amazing workers. You will learn more than you can even imagine. ", " Values at Apple are amazing when utilized by staff and management. People can be amazing if they invest and strive to do their best. My experience was great. I love my Apple family and miss working with them. Though I know that experience is not everyones it was mine. Typical day would start with a shift meeting, then move on to tech support with customers one on one, then move to training sessions in either group or one on one sessions, lunch, then repeat.  Management was very proactive and would periodically check on your performance and personal outlook on the store as a whole, your area of focus, you likes and dislikes, etc. Reflection and take aways are very important to the management.  Hardest part of the job is dealing with unhappy customers. For me that was fun because I like calming people down and helping them through hardships. The best part of the job was playing with Apple products all day, getting the news of new products before anyone else, and setting them up before the general public got to see them.  Co-workers overall were great. A couple of bad apples (no pun intended) every once in a while who didn't fit in correctly with the work flow and style who would weed themselves out over time. They would be the typical lazy slouch or complain about anything and everything. I learned a lot about new technology, genuine customer service, setting expectations early and correctly, driving myself to learn and grow in a field of professional interest, and how very important respectful feedback is both down and up the chain of command really is.  ", " I did not like how the scheduling worked but loved my coworkers and the work place environment and culture "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Awesome place to work and have a career. Team atmosphere is great. I enjoyable interacting with different customers on any work day. A typical day at work consist of selling products and services offered by Apple Inc. to all customers. ", " This position came to me through a Temp Agency, my initial role was that of Customer Service handling issues w/ Apple products purchased by Spanish speaking customers. Soon after beginning the position, I was offered a chance to switch temp assignments to that of an in-bound sales position for the Mexico apple site. I was in charge of handling inbound customers, recommending products, and guaranteeing customer satisfaction w/ their products. Hardest part of the job was being organized in regards to all the customers contacting you via phone and web.  This opportunity taught me how to function in a normal office environment which i had not much experience in.  The most enjoyable part of the job was talking to the customers and getting to know different types of individuals and characters, the hardest had to be meeting certain metrics regarding the conversational process through which we did sales.  ", " Apple is a phenomenal company. It was a great learning experience, and i was able to grow as a person in the company. It taught me great customer service, and sales skills. They had a very extensive training program to teach proper customer service techniques. I enjoyed face to face interaction with the customers, and the product is the best. ", " we are not allowed to talk about apple.it is A fun place to work at ", " As a Store Manager, directly supervise staff of 80+ employees. Managing Sales department, Human Resource Dept, Technical Service Area and Operations. I have had the opportunity to lead in an environment that matches my personal and professional values. At work and at home I value the same things...trust, integrity, respect, pursuit of excellence, and relationships. My goal is to stay connected to the people that have been influential in my personal and professional development over the years.  ", " Apple is an amazing place to work, the management is dedicated to the development of each and every employee and has helped me progress as a person and as an employee. I learned both people skills, and personal development. ", " This job required me to learn many skills in a short time. The shifting hours and unfulfilled promises of a raise from management were the big short comings of the company.  ", " Typical office work environment, with flexible shifts. I learned plenty new things including technical skills as well as perfect customer service skills.  Working in a multilingual environment I met people from all over the world, all of them highly skilled.  Learning the technical details was perhaps the hardest part, but being a fast learner, I coped with that as well.  Benefits and the opportunity to work with people from all over the world was very much enjoyable.   ", " Working for Apple was a terrific move! By doing so, I was able to learn the culture of one of the world's leading companies and see how their culture is formulated. As a people-driven company, I've been fortunate enough to learn how important it is to build lasting consumer relationships, the right environment to create an efficient staff, and how to make success contagious.   My coworkers grew to become friends, my managers became mentors, and the work became a challenge I looked forward to every time I walked through the door.   ", " I loved my time at Apple. Every day I had the chance to work with customers and coworkers who were enthusiastic about Apple products. Training was always available since new products were coming out regularly.  ", " I would love to work for this company again. It was very great working for this company ", " The Apple Store is a great place to work if you're in college because of the odd retail hours. The benefits are great as is the pay. However, if you have a family and you want to be able to see them on weekends and holidays I would suggest that you look elsewhere. I have worked at two different Apple stores and the experience at both was about the same. ", " Wonderful colleagues, decent pay and great brand Not much of potential for growth though. Lots of politics. Arrogance is worshipped. Great food and location. ", " I learned how to manage teams and individuals and build projects. Lot of independent work and self starting work.  ", " Love my job here, people are great and the benefits are awesome. ", " This is a great company to work for. The benefits a great for part-time and full-time. There is a great environment for development and feedback.  ", " Nice place to work , learning a lot of stuff. All team members are really helpful.  ", " Working for apple was a dream come true. While working at apple I decided to go back to school. I worked with some many great people. The part of the job was teach guest how to use the devices.  I enjoyed putting smile on people face by just giving great customer support and service.   ", " I loved working with apple. Management was great, really cared about the employees and were really involved. My time there felt like my first day every day that I was there. ", " Apple is a fantastic company to work for.  In the retail stores, employees enjoy an environment that nurtures every individual's personal growth in communication skills and interpersonal savvy.  One can expect the stores to be very busy but enjoyable.  The team of employee's are knowledgeable and supportive which makes the day run smoothly.  Management has a strong investment is making sure that individuals are given the opportunity to develop and grow through expert coaching.  The atmosphere created is one of pure camaraderie as the store endures waves of customers throughout the day.    From my experience working there for several years I feel that the hardest part of the job was time management.  The volume of customers that these stores maintain creates an endless line of activity.  However I will say that at at least in my store the management was always making sure people got their breaks.  The most enjoyable part was that I was able to spend my days with some of the most interesting people with very diverse backgrounds.  The employees chosen really was top notch.  I am also grateful that Apple genuinely invested in my personal development which has given me skills that I will continue to use.   "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Contrary to the low numerical review I gave, I really enjoyed Apple. I liked working around the clock and feeling like I was part of something. ", " As long as you are a self starter, you'll learn a ton working with really amazing people. ", " Apple is truly the best place to be.  Great work-life balance, great management, and great culture.  My experience at Apple in one word: magical ", " I love warehouse jobs.I love being a team player. and also i love to get the job done seeking a job opertunity. Ima fast learner. and ready to work ", " a typical day was hard yet the company did walk you through the process appl;e is a temp service ", " A good place to work if you like tech support. The customers are much nicer than other places I have worked They have an arcade machine in the break room. ", " Worked from home tuesday thru sun 1Pm - 11PM Very Isolating for me - If you enjoy working from home and have a family this is a great job. ", " Great products, senior management not good, no people development at Apple. It's all about $$$$$ ", " Working for Apple was an amazing life changing experience. The knowledge you gain can never be lost and can be translated to all facets of life. I became a better professional and human being while working for Apple. Every day at Apple is a new journey, no two days were the same and things could change in an instant whether its a new product announcement or changes in policy and guidance. As an expert and specialist I could be talking to a customer one minute about how Apple products can enrich their life and troubleshooting hardware and software for a customer or employee the next minute. I was also a leader on our merchandising team that took care of all the product int eh store including but not limited to setup, imaging, cabling, and software updates. The benefits that Apple provides are incredible and unlike anything I have ever heard or experienced before. Not just traditional benefits like health and retirement but lots of added benefits and discounts. ", " There is a great work environment. The compensation is extremely low. The environment is very stressful. The staff is great. ", " Providing excellence through great service. Distributing the finest products throughout the city and county. ", " Great environment and fast paced. Able to move up if you work really hard but definitely rewarding. The culture is amazing! ", " liked this job meeting new people everyday from all over the places ", " Apple is great at rewarding their staff. I earned numerous free gifts such as T-Shirt, iPod, and gift cards based on good performance and reviews. ", " Overall a great company! You work with the smartest people, who are driven and always strive to be the best! ", " Income and benefits were great...Very demanding. Would work here again. Don't recommend if you have a demanding home life. ", " Work was easy, pay was great. Job security is not the best. Enjoyed the work from home position. Apple sends you the equipment needed to do the job ", " Great place to work..fun environment...energy levels are high and very dynamic ", " one of the top companies in world, always coming out with new products at the time and creating a real exciting constantly changing workplace. A joy. and an honor. ", " Great company to work with a typical day at work what you learned management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Check updates to policies and procedure. Check inventory levels and pending customer requests. Reach out to clients, ensure relationship is in good standing. Create quotes and provide in-depth solutions. Preform business briefings and exclusive business client workshops. Provide peer/management feed back and develop strategies to grow Business to Business sales. I feel at my best when developing others. ", " The only reason I left Apple was for family reasons. It is a great culture, excellent management, and a fast paced environment. There is room to grow, and the technology is always changing. ", " Work life balance is the hardest part. Sometimes you keep chasing the deadlines and work all day and night. ", " I appreciated my coworkers and the pay. But eventually, upper management began to treat us like second rate citizens. It gets tedious and there really isn't anywhere to \"advance\" per se. ", " I have been here for six months, I have been offered two different promotions already. They really recognize hard work and dedication and benefits are Great whether you are part time or full time. ", " Apple is one of the greatest companies in the world. They offer stimulating training, and the ability to own your development. With every tool Apple offers I was able to effectively develop myself into the leader and resource I am today. ", " Apple is a retail environment where one can get to know customers and probe to discover and fulfill the customer's needs. One is encouraged to be yourself and friendly but at the same time to be diligent in exploring our customers needs so we may best satisfy those needs with the incredible products we had to offer. In short we gave customers an experience that was transformational. ", " Apple is one of the best jobs I have ever had I meet great people on a daily basis on top of working with amazing people and selling the hottest must have items. ", " Being an Expert at Apple is an experience like no other. A typical day at work consists of providing the best solutions for both business customers and regular consumers, as well as constant mentoring, training, and management. Experts are a constant resource on the sales floor, as well as off. It is all about teamwork, where we are one team with one common goal. Everyone supports each other with virtually any task.  The hardest part of the job would be the constant standing/movement. It is very stressful to the body, but all the hard work is constantly rewarding. The most enjoyable thing is knowing every customer leaves happily and that I provided the best possible solution. ", " Apple is a fantastic place to work with a fast moving environment. ", " Map out the DFW documenting potential marketing partners, prime locations for corresponding demographic, and trendsetters companies. Interview, hire and train and staff based on client profile. ", " Busy and mostly managed well but always a few bad people in charge. They take care of you to a degree if you like the toys and are in the cult. If you are a hipster it's great. ", " Work is very well organized and managed. However at times the workflow got so intense I couldn't even take a 15 min. brake. After a couple of years felt the routine was to boring for me to take. No further development after a level reached. BTW I was a Creative (trainer) which is a very so after job. At times it feels the company betrayed its values for the pure joy of amazing more billions in the bank leaving employees exploited just because they are super fans of the company. ", " Working at Customer relations at Apple means that you are an escalation point to other departments within Apple. Every day I get customers transferred to me, on the phone, who have had a more or less bad experience in regards to our products or with our company in general. I make decisions on a case-by-case basis as no situation is identical to any other. I make decisions regarding warranty exceptions. I also escalate internally for repair refunds and repair issues. I reach out to various Apple service partners and resellers in order to work for resolutions to customer problems. I have learned to become assertive, to take own initiatives and to see every situation from several points of views. I represent a well known company and must adhere to company values, but at the same time I always look for the customer's best interest.  I respect my management and have always felt that they listen to the employees. In my department we work in teams, and we all share our knowledge and help each other when needed.  Because such a wide variety of issues can end up in my department, I can not always provide the customers with the resolution they want. The hardest part of my job is to deny a customer their request, however reasonable or unreasonable the request might be. Because my job is to turn around a bad experience, it is crucial for me to gain an agreement of the resolution with the customer. That is not always possible.  The most rewarding and enjoyable part of my job is to know when my decision has made a great impact on someone. It is to know that because of me someone has gained ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> back faith in the company that I represent. A simple \"thank you\" can go a long way. ", " Some of the best colleagues I have worked with, with good benefits. ", " Great company working with inspiring and diverse people. Very challenging role with always lots going on were you need to be playing from a 10 everyday. ", " My days were certainly never the same twice. Apple environment is very fast paced. I could be right in the thick if things with sales/service teams, interacting with customers at one moment or on a strategic planing calls for the division. My most enjoyable part of the job was leading my team. I was so fortunate to hand pick every individual on my team. To see them all learn and grow so quickly was a blast! The toughest part was trying to maintain a great balance between family and my role with retail schedule being what it is. Overall an amazing experience! ", " As a Relationship Manager for Apple Business I am the main point of contact and liaison for Apple's top spending business accounts. My clients include TED Conferences, Droga 5, and Foursquare.  I am expected to engage clients on a consistent basis. Facilitating hardware and service solutions for companies in a variety of industries. Creating and tailoring technological and financial solutions with the New York City market Solutions Engineer and GE Financial Representatives.  Management is very hands on and accessible. They create and administer a learning environment with open communication. A technique called, \"Fearless Feedback\" is encouraged among peers. Apple provides and encourages the use of the company's extensive training resources. Time is scheduled out of every employee's week specifically for product/service education and self development.  My colleagues are smart, creative, outgoing individuals. I collaborate with people who are hardware, software, and financial experts. They come from a variety of backgrounds and are artistic in some shape or form.  Setting the right expectations with top tier business clients who work in fast paced, high end industries. Apple does business a certain way, as they do with everything. It would be helpful to have insight on the reasoning and background for some of the company's operational processes, marketing campaigns, product/service updates, etc.  The best part of my job is assisting my clients in accomplishing their goals by developing close relationships with company's decision makers and end users. The role I'm in gives me the ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> ability to help organizations in a number of ways (training, technical support, financial solutions, etc.). I truly enjoy learning about the companies we work with as they are on the cutting edge and at the top of their respected industries. ", " Fun Place to work. Typical Day involves finding solutions which never existed to problems which cant be solved ", " I worked in Apple for two and a half years as a technical support. The volume of calls was very high. I only had 7 seconds free time between calls.What's worst, the lunch time was only 40 mins and this situation lasted from the first day I joined Apple till the end of 2011. While advisers were busy at work, the managers always had time for making jokes and talking nonsense. When the emergencies happened, they never provided any helpful advice.Pushing the duty is their best way to handle them.The whole AppleCare department only cares about the good result of customer's surveys, which uses to justify your performance of work.Your good other aspects, they won't care.The management always advocated how good Apple was and how many good opportunities they provided.So far, I haven't seen any.These kinds of bad things only happened in AppleCare department. However, I have experienced something bad and there is no any expectation on other departments of Apple. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " This jobs as the best retail job out there. The job is easy and i would recommend for a student. do not stick around too long. its easy to get sucked in. ", " This company does not value employees. Pay is far less than what is deserved and they like to pile on extra duties as time goes on. ", " Amazing place to work. Can be an overload of customers at any location. Great co-workers. Hardest part is getting to all the customers. ", " Apple is a fantastic place to work with a fast moving environment. ", " All inbound and outbound logistics  retail store, good work in a sweatshop environment ", " Never felt like work , every second was a wow moment learning something from everyone. ", "   Triage and Repair of damaged systems   Repair of Laptops and Desktops and portables   Setup and maintenance of wireless networks   Backup consultations ", " Working for Apple was cool.  A fun laid back environment at times, however, overall the job was just that a job.  Customers are rude and feel as if they are entitled.  Managers do not always have your back, and in some cases are unavailable when you need them most.  As far as compensation, it was great as long as the hours were given. Many times specialists were scrambling for additional hours and managers claimed there weren't any available.  Swapping/ giving away shifts were nearly impossible as part timers were not allowed to work over 29 hours.  In terms of benefits, Part Timers are not offered tuition reimbursement which made absolutely no sense as the majority of the company is made up of part timers.  You also do not accrue vacation time, so any time off is unpaid which sucks if you are a parent or live on your own.    Promotions are cut throat.  Only a very few openings would be available, and upwards from 10 people could be applying for the same position in such a large store.    Once you go full time, consider your life over.  You spend most of your time within the store, however, your paycheck is beautiful. ", " This company has changed ownership and is no longer a company I can support. ", " Apples Fraud department, is a quick paced, challenaging yet rewarding position. ", " Overall this is a great place to work. The only issue most people have is that the pay for the average employee is low, however managers do very well. ", " It's retail, and that's a niche market. Customer service, not a flexible work schedule, great co workers. ", " learned on how a call center works and how to assist customers with technical support ", " There are plenty of opportunities for development. Wonderful company that hires based on personality and focuses on their internal customer. ", " Excellent place to work. Family environment, get to meet a lot of people. Get to stay on top of the latest technology. ", " Learning HP products working with computers and customer support group. Learning how to manage the products. ", " Working on both the floor and in the back as giving me a perspective of front of house work and inventory stock. ", " Very good company . The only problem is that they do not hire permanently . Hiring is done by Volt services , a staffing company ", " Great Place to work, place really cares about you. Management is good depending on store. Co-workers are awesome. Can be very busy and demanding ", " Teaching One to one classes and workshops in the mornings, in a very relaxed environment. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I worked with a very dynamic team with many talented people.  Able to share ideas and opinion in order to improve work environment. ", " Great people to work with everyday and fun work environment. ", " It was really awesome on my first day with Apple Inc enjoyed a lot with ream mates ", " Making a difference. Wonderful co.workers. Every day is a privilege working for this company ", " I love the culture at this company where the focus is on ensuring the customer's positive experience. ", " Good Environment for working  Excellent Management  Team members are co-operative ", " - Lots of new work - Requires long hours to truly excel - Great food and freebies - No work/life balance ", " what could be an extremely stressful work environment seems fun and uplifting thanks to my coworkers and leadership team. ", " Test iBooks application (ePUB and PDF file formats) on iPhone, iPad Touch and iPad running iOS 5.0.1, 5.1.1 and 6.0. ", " if you like apple, youll love working there. others have tons of knowledge and youll learn something everyday. ", " Very strong team building and communication and being able to openly talk to management about problems and coming up with a plan to fix them. ", " Lower Management = good Upper Management = so, so...  Co-Workers = great! ", " it was a great working experience, lots of fun &amp; ne people every day ", " Apple is one of the best companies to work for. Enriching the lives of their customers is the ultimate goal, and they value their employees immensely. ", " If you value your free time and your sanity, avoid this place at all costs. ", " Great Company to work for with excellent benefits. Fast paced environment. Management was straight forward and honest. ", " Depending on your actual job title at Apple it can be a very stressful job. Great place too work though just can be draining. ", " Exposure to Innovation mind set. Totally focussed on results rather than how you get there. ", " the people are amazing! the mamagment is never not on top of things. and i felt welcomed even when i showed up late :) ", " Fun Place to work. Typical Day involves finding solutions which never existed to problems which cant be solved "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Great retail work environment. Most of the employees are knowledgable and helpful. Wonderful store dynamic between various store area. ", " I have met and made many friends in all of my coworkers and managers while working at Apple. They do a good job of making sure that employee skills are not wasted and that people properly apply themselves to the positions. There are constant opportunities to try new things and move to different departments and challenge yourself. Keeping up with demand in certain departments is difficult because of the high volume of orders and customer needs, but overall we are well staffed so teams don't get overwhelmed. ", "   Triage and Repair of damaged systems   Repair of Laptops and Desktops and portables   Setup and maintenance of wireless networks   Backup consultations ", " Great place to work, always learning on the job with a great supportive team. ", " At Apple, they say that their most important resource and their soul is their people, and they stand by that. I learned that by nurturing relationships, a truly transformational experience can occur. B2B sales can be all about numbers, forecasts, quotas, and goals. Those things are important at Apple, but doing things the right way, doing what is in the best interest of the company and the customer is the only way to achieve long term success. Through this thought process, I was able to grow our team and help each member achieve personal and career goals. I was even selected to go to the home office in Cupertino, CA for a four month project on the evolution of the next phase of our Premier Customer Service Package. But, it was the in the advancement of each of my employees while protecting the customer journey was where I had the most of my job enjoyment. ", " As the Campus Representative for Apple at the University of Alaska Anchorage I built numerous skills in entrepreneurialism. It was my duty to make Apple ever present on campus. This began with developing proficiency with their products, networking with staff and campus organizations, and extended to promoting and hosting events and workshops. I learned new things about networking and marketing while developing important skills and creating and maintaining innumerable relationships. The job lasted for the school year, so as I graduated the program came to a close. ", " Great place to work if you like stress. The Management team seems to be stressed out on a daily basis. Unreal goals that have to be followed through and work until its done is the nature of the beast. ", " Worked in a call center with lots of great people around you. I learned many things about the iOS devices (iPods, iPads, iPhones) Management was great and really took care of what was important to the workers outside of work. Family friendly, had no problem getting time to take my daughter to the doctors. Hardest part of the job was the time intensive calls. Enjoyable part was learning new things and talking and meeting to a lot of great ppl ", " Excellent work environment with intelligent, friendly co-workers. Better than average retail job. ", " It pays the bill and thats about it. Underpaid and over-worked. ", " When I was at Apple, my typical day involved chat and email support, for the .Mac suite of services, which is now defunct/known as iCloud. I learned a great deal about how good customer service is expected to be, as Apple is the industry leader in providing customer service to their many users. My co-workers and management were all great, and I really enjoyed working with them. The hardest part of this job is to maintain your enthusiasm when it doesn't seem fun. The reason I left there is the grind of maintaining nearly perfect metrics, and the lack of promotion in the department I was working in at the time contributed to a bit of burnout with my love for the company. I still love and use my Mac products daily, but I could no longer say the same for the job. The best part of working there is the great food in the Apple cafe, they served up some of the tastiest grub everyday. ", " There is little pay and no incentives or benefits. They'll change your schedule with no advanced notice. No sick leave, holiday pay, or vacation time. Insurance is offered but will eat up 80% of the pay check. ", " Apple overall is great! However as a person with a much more technical background that the position required I was not challenged. Opportunities are there for the right person to move up but to be overly technical you need to live in Austin, TX. or Cupertino, CA. or be willing to move. ", " The most enjoyable experience working in Apple was the many fun events and direct interactions with customers!  The hardest part of the job in the corporate division was the constant change of schedule; sometimes 2-3 times per month! ", " Every day at Apple is a new experience. It can range anywhere from helping an elderly person purchase their first computer, trouble shooting technical problems with iPhones and Macbooks, to translating for a deaf customer to figure out how we can best assist them. Our goal is not to sell anyone to most expensive product, but to give them the complete solution tailored to their needs. The coworkers are great, having a very diverse set of skills and hobbies and always able to assist if there is a topic that someone is having trouble with. Management is very nice. They help us to progress our learning and assist with anything we need help on. I just love having a customer come in whether they're browsing, or coming with a problem and sending them on their way with all questions answered and a smile on their face. ", " Enjoyed my time with Apple. A mix of personalities, but all driven and focussed, and willing to support and help you. A real feeling of doing the right thing is one thing the really does prevail, which is reassuring to see in an age which still sees cut throat attitudes prevail in many other companies. ", " Having great experience working with Apple. Lots to learn on a daily basis. It's exciting to keep up with the fast pace environment ", " I learned how to communicate with my co-workers, how to use a computer to print the production labels, and how to package Its. There were many things I have to do If I want my job finish. ", " Fun place with good work but it is a Korean company with a harsh work life culture. ", " It is almost not retail at all. It's great to go to work and be able to share you passion for the great life enriching products and services that are offered. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I live Apple, they are great to work for. That is unless you love your evenings and weekends as an AppleCare Advisor, ", " Extremely competitive people to work with. Lots of geeks. World's best. ", " My experience at Apple has been amazing. I have met some of the most interesting and diverse individuals i have ever had the please of working with. To say that Apple has impacted my life in a very big way would be a major understatement. ", " While working for Apple Retail I provided insightful advice and friendly, hands-on technical support to Apple customers in need - quickly diagnosing product issues on the spot, explaining situations with patience and empathy. After determining whether repairs could be done or a replacement was needed, I offered solutions to quickly get users up and running again. When juggling more than one customer, it was very important to stay conscious of their time demands as well as my own.  Management was very helpful, and always kept a close eye on each employee's individual needs. My co-workers were extremely knowledgeable, well trained and always happy to help.  I really enjoyed working with customers coming in with an issue that led them to believe there was no solution to be found, yet upon leaving were up and running again and very happy with the service and outcome.  On extremely busy days it could be very difficult to handle the large amount customers in need of support. Yet with my previous experience, and the training Apple provided, there was never a moment where I felt that I could not handle the situation. ", " Sincere culture, rich history, brighter future...  Awesome place to work. ", " In a normal day at work I had to: - Check, understand and interpret data; - Use, various econometric modelling techniques; - Research data; - Mailing; - Visual presentations; - Filing; - Prepare Employees Induction. ", " Create place to work part time and get experience while looking for a career. ", " Working at Apple means you're in an environment with a very rich culture. Some people like that and some don't. For example, there are certain words that everyone says and gestures that everyone does without knowing it.  Management is very easy to work with and they will go out of their way to accomodate you. At the same time a lot is expected. Management has their favorites and it shows. Management also gives you a lot of free reign to handle customers in whatever way you see fit. You are not a robot therefore some decisions are up to you.  You are on your feet the whole day and if you are full-time this will begin to hurt after a while. Some days are very hectic and will be very stressful. As with any retail store the holiday season will be VERY stressful.  You will meet a lot of great customers as well as some not so pleasant ones but overall most of the customer interactions are great. Co-workers are also equally as great and you will be working with a group of very nice, helpful, and interesting people. To be honest some of the employees are straight up weird but not in a way that would bother many people. Expect to make some good friends here.  The pay is amazing for retail. The benefits are through the roof. Overall the job is easy to do as the products really sell themselves.  Advancement within the company is not easy. They will tell you it is easy but it is not. As with getting hired at Apple, there is a lot of competition to get promoted. You will spend a VERY LONG time going through a series of career development processes and not really see the fruits of that labor. ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> Years can go by. Favorites will get positions before you. ", " Too much of work pressure and stress . Bad management . No project plans . ", " Apple is a great company to work for. A typical day entails listening to customers and providing creative solutions for their needs. My co-workers are phenomenal people and make me enjoy my work. The management at Apple Eastview is lacking. ", " There is a lot of nice people that work there. I learned a lot over the past few years. Managers are really nice there. ", " Very good learning experience with a lot of experienced web developers around. ", " As a foodservice intern, I felt treated very well in terms of hourly pay, food, breaks, and having a voice. It is a very fast paced environment, which I enjoy, but can also lead to miscommunication. Still, that is understandable. I loved working with the executive chef! There was plenty of room for employees at CafeMac to learn responsibility, create their own recipes, manage their stations, etc. ", " Benefits for excellent. Technical support was based at home so job was enjoyable from home. Full-time, high call volume. Hardest part was selling Applecare to customers. ", " liked this job meeting new people everyday from all over the places ", " Typical day you seat in a chair all day You learn to be patient, have a great communication skills Co workers watch out, people see you as a enemy specially if you have great resume and people have similar background and they want to fire the stronger ones, in order to the big head don't be replaced due to the terrible job they are doing. Hardest part of the job is for you to wake up too early maybe, not for me, but for many other yes. Also you cannot trust anyone. When you do a great job you have happy customers. I would much rather be in a small company with compassionate people instead of in a corp with many disrespectful people. It is an individual choice ...I learned to make better choices to be surround positive and friendly not fake environment. ", " My days consist of checking customers in for genius bar appointments and also troubleshooting the customer product before they get to the technician. I will also repair mobile devices (iPads,iPhones,iPods) and repair the relationship with the customer on their product.  I also do admin work for the technicians. Checking in repairs that customer are dropping off. Sign off repairs when customer pick up their repairs. Order and organize parts that are need for the repairs. Call customer to either re-quote or tell the customer that their repair is complete. I make sure the office is clean and organized for the technicians so they can get to repairs in a timely manner. ", " Loved this job. Apple recruits the best people and instills its company culture from day one. Management is there for you when you have a problem and help you work it out. The benefits including part timers are magnificent. I don't know the last time anyone received benefits and a 30 hr work week. ", " It was really hard to get through the interview for this job but eventually i did get a position. very good company to work and learn for. I have learned about new techniques to count stock or find out waste. programmes like tumbler, SAP were used which are really helpful and accurate. every one in this company is very helpful. ", " Very flat company. You do learn a lot, but you work a ton of hours, not much chance of promotion unless you're willing to wait 5 years. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple is a phenomenal place to work! great people and a completely different culture from typical retail! ", " Great Place to work, your opinion truly matters and you feel like it does. You never feel like a number or a profile here, there are attachment quotas and things of that nature but since there aren't bonus' there is no competition and you never make the customer feel like they are being pushed to purchase something. ", " Good place to work and gain experience. Colleagues are very helpful ", " Meet customers, refer products, diagnose malfunctions and fix mobile iOS devises, conduct training and workshops for staff and customers. ", " The job allows you to focus on what is important the customers, yourself, and your family. Apple focuses strongly on the values of family and allowing you to educate/develop yourself. Apple also focuses primarily on the customer. Make sure you treat the customer how you would want to be treated. Create a fun open environment where you come to learn and share your own experiences. ", " A typical day at Apple sometime makes me forget that I am working. I love meeting new people and learning/teaching new things. Everyday is something new to learn about our product and what customers use it for. It's always fast and busy and it keeps me on my toes. I couldn't have asked for any better co-workers, learning about different cultures. I thinkn the hardest part about Apple is not having extended time to teach customers about their new products and the most enjoyable part of Apple is seeing the excitment on their faces. ", " See previous review about my working experience at Apple. While employed here, I worked in two separate positions. I started as a salesperson and did that for about 8 months before moving to the \"Family Room,\" or the technical support department. ", " Apple was a great place to work. It was very fast paced and the store was always busy. I learned so much during my time here. From a sales standpoint, this job taught me a great amount about how to successfully interact with customers. Also, I learned how to diagnose hardware and software problems with all types of Apple equipment and how to go about fixing these problems. With roughly 100 other employees at the store, I got to know some great people. My coworkers ranged in age from 18 to around 70, and people had backgrounds in teaching, marketing, finance, photography, etc... The management was great as well. They always went out of the way to \"surprise and delight\" customers even if it was at the cost of the store. The hardest part of the job was staying on time with appointments when the store was at its busiest. The technical support appointments are in 10 minute blocks, so working fast is a must. The most enjoyable part of my time there was the look and excitement customers would feel when they opened their new products. I loved teaching people how to use their phones, iPads and computers. Also, teaching workshops was very enjoyable. These classes would consist of 3 people at the least and as much as 25 or 30. Unlike a private lesson, I was able to work with many people at once and often times, these people would come back into the store looking to work with me again. ", " A typical day at work is fun and challenging. You encounter a great number of interesting people everyday. People who are geniuses and expect you to answer their most difficult question. People who sadly have a failing device and expect you to fix it without any setbacks. lastly, people who just want to learn and expect you to teach them. I've learned to be a mentor, a friend to a stranger, and support to my teammates at all times. Apple is a company filled with great minds and great people. The hardest part of my job was to support a client with technical difficulties within only 10 minutes. Although this was the hardest part, it was the part I also enjoyed the most. To resolve issues with ease or struggle through, made me happy when the client saw their device back to normal. ", " Working at home turned out to be a great experience for me, and they were very willing to work around my class schedule. Benefits were nice, consistently got sent free stuff and got access to their software. My pay was just okay but tuition assistance was a big help for me. My manager was really awesome, lots of positive reinforcement. You have to be ready to deal with slow and/or belligerent folks who don't know anything about computers, or who think they know and really make things difficult.  I would recommend this job to any college student, where they typically recruit for the position. ", " I loved working at the Modesto Apple Store.... Management was amazing and my co-workers were fabulous. All very smart and driven. ", " I really enjoyed working at apple, although the hours are not guaranteed. I was working my butt off there, and performing the tasks of a manager. I lead a team and really worked hard for success every day. Even after exceeding the goals and having worked there 4 years, I did not move a single job title. To top it off I did all this as a part timer. There were quite a few managers there and while I may have been favored by by some of them, not all were in my favor when it came to any type of promotions. There are also a lot of competition when it comes to promotions, I was one of the veteran sales people and had been fully trained to assist as a technician, even in the business department too, generally anywhere they needed me they could place me. And at the end of the day not a single thing I did could move me in the business. The favorites always got the options first. One person moved around the store 6 times, and always to a higher paying full time position, and he was one of the most unsociable people you could deal with. He constantly filled the room with a very dry and uncomfortable air, but because he has a kid and was a favorite they basically let him move around. He and I are the same age, I may even be a little older than him, and I had a kid on the way. They still refused to promote me even to full time. Its a very fun atmosphere and people are great. But this is not a \"career\" decision. It would take half the effort for me to grow in another company in 1 year. Someone who works incredibly hard shouldn't be neglected just because someone else is more of a favorite. ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> All of my customers liked me, and I was always available to help another associate. ", " 8 hours a day, wonderful culture, good benefits. Was the best to be of assistance when I helped people learn about Apple software. fun and great place to work. Wonderful to be part of such a great company! ", " work day is 8 hours a day and learn something new every day! The best job ever! Loved helping people and the culture of Apple. ", " The people you work with are great!!!! The most creative, silly bunch you have ever seen everyone can do something else... play an instrument, photography, graphic designer, artist.... As a inventory specialist.. you control the product.. Receive count, pack ship... (Sell in there too). The hardest part and easiest part is the customer... You can love new Apple person who loves that you helped them... or the person who has lost a loved one and just wants to keep the voice messages on a broken device... :( ", " learned on how a call center works and how to assist customers with technical support ", " Best Company I have ever worked for thus far! Due to confidential reason I can not disclose any company personal information. ", " A typical day was answering questions from customer regarding there product. A lot of how to do this and how to do that. I learned much from this position in regards to how to take feedback from management and use this in the daily routine. The management was far superior to any I have had in previous positions. They always seemed to work for you instead of against you. Co workers were amazing, No matter what question I had in regards to a call, there was always a coworker that could answer this question. The hardest part of this job was nothing. There was no part of this position that I saw as being hard. The atmosphere was the most enjoyable part of this position. ", " Working at Apple was a not only a great experience, but it was a great way to stay involved with innovative electronics. The knowledge that is learned throughout working for this company has been beneficial in a number of different ways. It is a great environment to work in and the people made it even better! Although there were times where it could be stressful, it was always rewarding at the end of the day to know that you were able to help others, provide for their needs, learn something new, and build new friendships/relationships. ", " The public knows Apple for it's extraordinary products and design. Apple pioneered the fun, and exciting work culture of Silicon Valley. However, as the company has grown so much in 10 years, much of the \"playful\" work environment at corporate headquarters and especially at the retail stores culture has disappeared.  At Apple, I have had the pleasure to work WITH some incredibly brilliant and admirable leaders. Unfortunately, every leader and manager I worked UNDER were some of the worse managers and had no business leading people. Because Apple does not offer any development for their people, particularly with Managers those who come up the ranks are awful. While those Managers that came to Apple as top leaders from other top companies were Amazing!  It is the diverse, intelligent, fun, and hard working individual contributors who truly make working at Apple worth it. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I loved the position I held at Apple, Inc. It was centered around customer service, but also required the ability to research and troubleshoot customers' issues \"on the fly\", with every call different from the previous. ", " Apple Enterprise has tremendous opportunity in the US, but Apple continues to provide limited resources to this organization. Great people, fantastic products, but not a sales driven company. ", " Great company. Fun environment with a family like culture. I love the job and I love what I do everyday. I would prefer more compensation and better hours. ", " Working for Apple was an interesting experience. If you are wanting to work for a company that does telephone support and this is your first time, this job may not be right for you. Not only is the training challenging but the situations you encounter on a daily basis are even more challenging. 90% of the time that was spent on the phone was with customers that were upset about their product not functioning properly. Angry and frustrated customers come with every business but this company had far more angry and frustrated customers than happy customers. The goals that the company sets for you to reach are set very high. Advancing up in the business can take years. I will say that the co-workers made the experience a little more enjoyable but management really needed to improve its training classes. The training that I received was good but it didn't really prepare me for what I was going to face on the phone. ", " Unrewarding experience. Pay is terrible. Development is terrible. Management is never on the same page. Work life balance is non existent. HUGE turn over with staffing due to the fact that many leave the company because you can get paid better else where for the same sort of job. ", " If you want to soak up the zero-sum, no prisoners approach to technology, Apple is great! I recommend such a company once for each person in their life.  Apple is a great company full of gems as far as programmers, products, people, and brand are concerned. There is no reason whatsoever to get caught up in other brands, or companies while there. For this reason, Apple's singular vision to give everything technology, electronic, and cool an Apple stamp is great, if not slightly less ambitious than their rivals.  My advice: drink the punch--deep. Don't be fooled by friends, or other pursuits who sway you away from the company line. It is a corporation like any other in America, and there's a golden path to a happy existence there. Management may have become more skilled since last I was there. ", " Apple puts a lot of focus and effort into employee morale. They nurture a culture of constructive feedback. They are excellent recruiters. The people you work with are friendly, fun, and hard-working. There is never a feeling that you are picking up after somebody else. Leadership is open and available at any time. The benefits are second-to-none. Great medical/dental, matched 401k, and stock options! ", " Very numbers driven atmosphere, less and less personable. ", " good place to work management is great co workers are great hardest part is rude cx ", " apple is a good place for growth. most of the employees are young everyone is nice kid friendly. The food is amazeing. ", " Its a great job place alot of people very fun but serious at the same time ", " The At-Home Advisor position is your average technical support/customer service job. It can be trying at times (mostly due to irate customers) but as long as you pay attention in training and know the product it is an easy job. ", " since i was technical support i was on the phones receiving calls to help people with any of their apple products and help resolve the issue whatever it was. what i learned was better empathy and even more knowledge then i already knew about apple, co workers were awesome, hardest part mainly high call volume, other wise it was great ", " Pretty laid back place to work, with excellent co-workers;  the environment was too repetitive, and tedious projects ", " Typical day at work for me is simply following protocol and making sure customers are more than satisfied. I have excelled in communicating and working with customers to help them with their needs. The management that I have learned from trained me to be a employee that makes a difference. The co-workers that I have worked with has helped me to work with others more efficiently and productively. The hardest part of a job is making sure that multiple tasks are done correctly. The most enjoyable part of a job is making a positive difference in a customers life, everyday. ", " A good company all around from a business perspective. Lacking in local social responsibility initiatives. ", " A typical day at work would be repairing computers and iphones or answering any inquiries customers have. I learned how to troubleshoot and reslove technical issues with Mac's and iPhones. The hardest part about work was coming across new Mac or iPhone issues that I would quickly resolve. The most enjoyable part about work was learning about new apple products. ", " I managed a small group of individuals. Here I built my leadership skills and managerial abilities. The most enjoyable part of my position was working in an environment where creativity was not just welcomed, but expected. ", " I worked with a great team of people. Everybody was very talented and smart, apple has a great filter for hiring the right people. Everyday I would have a great time, whilst also having deadlines and excellence as our goals. The work itself helped me learn a lot about customer service, Apple is known for excellent dealings with customers. I was trained by professionals and experienced apple employers. ", " One of the best environments for a productive team! Management looks for top talent. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I ran a station all by myself. I was always very busy. I was prepping, cooking, and serving my food at my station. some days I couldnt take a break. The funnest part is being in charge of a station and being my own boss. ", " I enjoyed the diverse environment. Working with really great people who cared about their jobs and the people they supported. The hardest part of the job was the hours. The best part was taking care of the customers. ", " Apple is a fantastic employeer. Driven and talented individuals can progress and will always be surrounded by a wealth of experience and support.  A fast paced global company like this presents unique challenges and encourages the relatively small operations teams to think stay creative and act efficiently each day.  Apple has grown to become one of, if not the worlds' most admired. Linked to that I would say that the most enjoyable aspect of my role is the direct and wide spread effects of my day-to-day.  You can be assured that operational improvements/launches will be adopted quickly and seeing these come to life in 400+ stores gives great pride. ", " This was the best company I ever worked for!!!!! I did a lot of filing, answering phones, ran errands for my immediate boss and was constantly surrounded by sweet and caring individuals the entire time I did my intern here at this company. ", " Loved working here. Very friendly environment as well as very friendly customers ", " The environment is so fast-paced and constantly changing. This can be a great thing, but when things slow down, work is almost unbearable. Very little brain work is needed once you learn the ropes. The habitual cycles from day to day get old fast and there is little opportunity to do new things.  Management is supportive but it's hard to advance when you are held at an idealistic standard.  The best part of the job is the relaxed atmosphere. Careful though! No one is ever meant to stay in Apple retail forever... it will burn you out and suck away your inspiration or desire to do anything else and you'll become miserable doing what you do. But if you're looking for part time work, this is the best part time job to have! ", " Aligning customers problems or knowledge with solutions. ", " Apple is an amazing company to work, very demanding , always looking for perfection ", " I spend my day helping customers with technical support to successfully operate thier iPhones, iPads, and iPods. ", " I showed up to work each day happy to be there. I would grab breakfest with some co-workers then start my day. I would answer any emails, or respond to any phone calls I had recieved in the morning or the prior day. Then I would touch bases with different memebers of different groups. My day consisted of me running around the campus all day long (I prefer talking to people instead of emailing). ", " A typical workday with Apple as an At-Home-Advisor is both rewarding and flexible. Team managers are supportive as they convey a true sense of concern for your personal and professional growth. While providing call center technical support does provide its own unique set of challenges, Apple makes every effort to make sure each At-Home-Advisor is equipped with the skills and support needed to conduct your job effectively and within the established guidelines that help make it among the industry leaders in providing world class support for its customers. ", " Typical day is marrying the ideals of technically minded young professionals with a proficiency to providing transformational product experiences who are not experienced in Business to Business minded individuals who know little about the technology they need to make their businesses run more efficiently ", " Good company to work for on the corporate end. Lots of fun perks and looks great on a resume. ", " If you learn on the go quickly and love all things apple this is the perfect place for you. ", " I would assist customers if any and all Apple device needs. This ranged from software trouble shooting, hardware replacement, or providing general knowledge of products. I learned about all there is to know about Apple products and how to fix them. I also learned superior skills with regards to customer service. I can work any every Apple product either software or hardware. The management was very flexible and allowed me to do my job and support customers. My fellow co-workers were amazing, they all had specific talents and high knowledge of Apple products ranging from general information to expert skills. The best art of the job was being able to help people out that were frustrated with products and enabling them to better understand the product. ", " Supervised day-to-day operations of Apple\u2019s service business. Provided up to date information to the Genius team and management team regarding issues effecting the service business and store. Acted as a point of contact for customer service escalations and worked with management to ensure all issues are addressed. Provided front line support for escalated technical issues, repairs/service matters including Peoplesoft, SAP, Depot, engineering, parts, etc. Responsible for training and mentoring Mac Genius team. Helped develop strategies for improving customer satisfaction in turn around time at the Genius Bar. Maintained and exceeded the company\u2019s goal for service part variances. Recruited talent for Genius Bar and store. ", " Great work experience. Working as E-commerce specialist for a year, with great manager and colleagues. Working in Reseller Operations required working many hours overtime(non paid), poor communication from managers, little appreciation but high focus on SOX compliancy (manual process whilst everything else is automated). Poor training and unqualified trainers. Great colleagues from many different backgrounds and countries. Always nice to meet up with friends and coworkers outside of work for a drink and a laugh. ", " Very time consuming company yet worth while if you wish to expand more in this field ", " Very great company to work for, with good pay and benefits. I worked with fun, enthusiastic and smart individuals. Everyday I learned something new about the current and upcoming technology, therefore I was constantly learning. Also completed Apple's Management training and was then in charge of team building, coaching and hiring events. the only challenge I had as an Apple employee, was the harsh holiday and special release work hours. ", " Apple isn't for everyone. It's a stressful job, with terrible management. But it pays well, and the co-workers were amazing. I met some of my favourite people in the world while working there.  In a week, we would see over 50,000 people come through the doors. All of whom were looking for something different. You had to remain calm, and remember everything about all the staff members and their knowledge, while remembering the information of the product.  Plus, the job was always changing. And the products were always changing. You would have to take the initiative to learn something new every day. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " This is an awesome company. You have an opportunity to work with some of the most talented and amazing staff. The retail hours during product launches and holidays are long a challenge. The company holds customer service as a priority and makes helping customers a positive experience and not a job. ", " For good reason Apple is an interesting cultural mix of micromanagement and geographic diversity. People from all over the world work there. Since you cannot talk about projects you have to talk about people and where they are from and what their interests are. I learned allot. ", " It is a fun place to work, super busy all the time, advancement into management is difficult. You have to play the politics, per store. The overall experience is really cool the products are amazing and the culture is one of the best i have ever seen. ", " Going to work everyday has its ups and downs but for the most part, being at apple doesn't feel like a job, its a way of life, just being around people and helping with products that everyone loves. Its just a great feeling. I love those guys! ", " A typical has me surrounded around really good persons where we all work in a challenging environment and in the ended we're compensated, both monetarily but also with recognition, generously. ", " typical day was spent emailing customers, learned alot about Mac computers, management was there if needed, co workers were a joy to work with, really easy job, learning about Mac and Apple products ", " Customer Service and technical support. Clerical job with 10 key usage. ", " -Processing shipment -Daily counts - Helping customers with products and giving them useful information that will make them come back -Hardest part is making the impossible possible for ex unboxing 2,000 ipad 2, creating 2,000 labels, organizing them in buckets according to serial number and have it ready 2hrs before launch due to the lack of scheduled staff.  -The most enjoyable part of working their was how calm the workplace was. I worked with a lot of cool people and also met a lot of memorable customers. ", " at the restaurant that i work is very nice and i learn to be deserving,compatible.. the hardest part of my job is by standing all day and all nights with 24hrs. open.. ", " Before the iPhone, the apple store was all about customer service, not swapping devices. We used to be encouraged to take our time and really, actually HELP people. Now its all about multitasking (working with more than one customer at a time) and staying on time. Management lets the flood gates open and we cannot keep up. I'm pretty sure they get bonuses when certain traffic criteria are met. Its like working at a super busy restaurant whose dinner rush never stops, ever. Honestly, its a good experience to have worked for the number one market cap company ever during some of the most historic events in company history (iphone, ipad, the coming and going of Steve, and much more) but things have changed for me to the point I no longer love what I do. ", " hard working days and too busy. handle the situation. management not so good. co-workers are friendly but try to escape from responsibility. the hardest part of the job is to make customer satisfy. the most enjoyable part of the job is chance to meet with people from different part of the world. ", " A typical day is very busy a lot going on. I learned to be very humble, I also learned how to be a true leader in my role. Working side by side people who understand you and respect you was amazing. Management, they are pretty good to you. They understand work life balance. Very flexible. The hardest part of that job is accepting in the moment feedback and learning to take it and what to take away from it then learn how to reflect on it. The best part of that job was the people, internally and externally. ", " Apple has so many positive aspects to it's benefit. I would say this was a great working place. From your time of start there is a culture of sharing both praise and critical. A fair exchange between co-workers and benefits that make your time there work it. Management for the most part is good, with any company though it's weakness often lies in it's management, apple is no different. I'd say the new hire has a hard choice between personal and work life balance. Managers will ask for your time, especially during launch times. ", " Great company to work for. Kept me knowedgable on macintosh products. Great people and very service focused. ", " great management. great hours and fun attmospher to work in. ", " Creating and Marketing Measuring Up has been a new and wonderful experience in the fashion and technology space. There is always something new to find out about peoples' shopping habits and how they enjoy or don't enjoy buying clothing. Cute has not always been cute until they found Measuring Up. My co-workers have been very generous with their time and patience as I have worked through the transition into business woman in this space. The most enjoyable part of the job comes when a new sales happens and the customer enjoys the benefits of the app. ", " I worked their for four years i had some great experiences and enjoyed everyone i worked with! i think some of the management can be crazy which creates a lot of drama! ", " extra ordinary busy, learned good customer service good quality work and pro activeness management is very co-operative and motivate employees, my co-works are very helpful we share knowledge and experience, when we handle aggressive member of public, when we keep every one happy and secure. ", " As a Genius I have been given the task to resolve certain situations that customers may have with the highest level of customer satisfaction. I enjoy communicating with people at different technical levels and I am able to translate the most difficult tasks into everyday dialog so there is no perceived level of difficulty at all. As a dynamic team player I am always ready to think outside the square to make sure my store is a step ahead of the rest. ", " Fast paced environment that is heavily focused on the total customer experience. There are many things to learn and the resources are limitless in the form of co-workers and fellow managers. Must enjoy working on the floor for 90% of the time ensuring customers and employees are interacting and coming away with great experiences. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Loved working and interacting with customers and enriching the lives of so many people through our products. ", " I would begin by reviewing internal communication, reviewing any new information on new products or updates. I would then view my task schedule for the day. I would either manage appointments, provide training, or perform personalized set ups for new customers. Participating in midday and end of day reviews in essential for on going training. ", " Cultivate an inspirational journey for customers who want an enriching experience with their technology. ", " I worked and exceeded the requirements for my position and was given the opportunity to work in another area, which I accepted. Then I was fired almost a week later when they found out to many people were working in that area. It seemed to me that Apple over-hired temp employee's and then fired roughly 1/3 to 1/2 of them within two weeks of training. ", " Worked from home tuesday thru sun 1Pm - 11PM Very Isolating for me - If you enjoy working from home and have a family this is a great job. ", " A typical day at work starts with the daily download which is our meeting prior to going on the floor. From there our day is set with what areas we need to tackle on the floor or in the back. As well as any training we may need.  I had a great management team that gave me guidance when needed. Many of my co-workers were very knowledgeable, not just about Apple products but about technology or the Arts in general. That made for a very diverse and educational (and fun !) work environment.  The hardest part of my job there was when I had to resign because my living situation had changed and I had to move out of state.  The most enjoyable part of my job was being able to help people and the broad conversations that we had. ", "   Managed 11 Chinese suppliers manufacturing aluminum iMac components and designed go-no go gages.   Lead negotiations to reduce iMac enclosure cost by 8%. Saving over $4.8 million on purchase orders.   Increased tooling equipment quality and capacity by eliminating manufacturing defects. Resulted in higher yields from 23% to 98% finished goods efficiency.   Traveled 7 weeks in China to improve lead-time, WIP, validating SOP for glass, aluminum, hinges, and speakers. ", " Test iBooks application (ePUB and PDF file formats) on iPhone, iPad Touch and iPad running iOS 5.0.1, 5.1.1 and 6.0. ", " fun place to work but pay is horrible. management is nice but was never on same page. ", " A great company to work for. You meet many people in the job from all over the world, get to meet the occasional celebrity, and challenge yourself continually. The company will encourage and assist where possible for personal growth in the company, but for those wishing to go beyond retail, there is little opportunity within Canada for this. ", " Moved to Nashua NH from Lebanon NH-- 110 miles , new city new adventures ", " Great place to work, great culture, awesome products. Management is very considerate and flexible with the schedule. Launches are so much fun! ", " Learned Squish and Python. Team is supportive.  Apple is a great work place. ", " Everyday I walk in the door, I hear the sound of two things: Information being presented, to both customers and employees, as well as feedback being shared between our peers. This constantly collaborating environment is what makes the company strong. It\u2019s also what makes it interesting. Because with communication comes thought, and if your one who loves to think (constantly) this bottom up style company will love you too. Working here I\u2019ve learned a great deal, but most importantly, beyond all the certifications and all the training, I\u2019ve taken away a love for learning itself. That\u2019s something I\u2019ll never lose. ", " Being a trainer and educator for the company allowed me to never leave work without an influecial story. Another advantage of being a trainer for Apple is the ability to build relationships with people, due to the return visits. These particular sessions lasts 90 minutes long. Teaching everything from how to build a spreadsheet for work related duties to creating a scrapbook for lost loved ones. If ever there is a time that I may not know the answers to set questions provided by our pupils, a member of my team is always feet away. Typically always at least two managers on the floor to service any additional assistance may be needed. I find it most difficult to be held responsible for not having some of the answers for some of our students while still encouraging to never strive for anything short of perfection. ", " A typical day consisted of reviewing store news, touching base on areas of improvement, and acknowledging successes. ", " A great place to work...they care about keeping their employees happy and healthy! ", " Depending on your actual job title at Apple it can be a very stressful job. Great place too work though just can be draining. ", " 1) Day is always busy at Apple. But i liked that for keeping me busy, busy and busy. 2) Learned so many different things like to support UAT tester from all around the world. 3) Management is also nice and hard working to get new projects all the time. ", " The objective of an Apple Genius or Family Room Specialist (FRS) is to repair relationships. I specialize in mobile devices, software instruction and data management. We fix mobile devices and teach folks how to use Apple software &amp; hardware.  This job keeps me current with software &amp; hardware developments and working with the other team members makes my IQ go up several points just by being there. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Provided 24x7 support for Apple Inc data center relating to all electrical and mechanical infrastructure equipment.As the lead on shift engineer major responsibilities was to maintain the data center environment and insure all equipment was operating through continuous proactive monitoring, conducting rounds, problem support, and scheduled maintenance activities. Operate and maintain mechanical systems including chillers, VFD's cooling towers, pumps, motors, CRAC units, air handlers, fire systems, and roof top AC package units. Operate and maintain critical power systems such as generators, UPS, ATS, PDU, static switch, high voltage dual feed systems, high voltage substations, paralleling switch gear systems, and battery monitoring equipment. Maintained ethical, professional and courteous relations with contractors and vendors.Respond to alarms from the building automation system and resolve issues as needed. Monitored and conducted chemical tests for the water treatment system for proper operation. Track and respond to trouble tickets generated for all facilities equipment related issues. Made recommendations for improving the operational status of all mechanical and electrical systems.Worked on in house electrical and mechanical projects.Develop new guidelines, policies, and procedures to improve the operational status of the data center relating to cost savings. ", " Apples Fraud department, is a quick paced, challenaging yet rewarding position. ", " Great place to work, always learning on the job with a great supportive team. ", " I enjoyed being employed by Apple. I worked both on-site and as a Home based agent. There were perks to both! ", " Great team, pushing to improve product, exceed customer expectations and redefine user experience. ", " Excellent employer. Handle incoming phone, call, or chat customer contacts. Best part of the job would be the gratification of resolving a customer's issue. ", " loved working with the apple computers. was there when everybody was scared of the Y2Kbug. installed over 100 of Y2K update firmware for the apple computers ", " Great Environment &amp; great employees to work with. Enjoyed my time while there. Training is a tad bit hard but my best advice would be to pay close attention. ", " First job out of high school. Most of my logistical experience was aquired during my employment here. ", " Retail is brutal. Apple was great when I joined in 2002 but unfortunately the customer service fell by the wayside and sales metrics took the forefront. ", " At work I come in sign on and begin assisting customers right away. I begin to help them with issues regarding troubleshooting devices or which device fits them just right. ", " Apple is an awesome company. Apple loves there employees  there is a reason why they are 1. Simply a great company to work for. ", " Fun Place to work. Typical Day involves finding solutions which never existed to problems which cant be solved ", " I learned all phases of tech support and sales and the online store , I spent many hours of training and have many certificates. ", " If you like working from home, then this could be just the job for you! ", " Apple is the best company in the history of companies. They treat their employees like Kings and Queens. ", " the best part of the company is the people you work with. Every employee feels like a best friend. ", " Learned to deal with a variety of technical issues. Most enjoyable part of the job was providing excellent customer service to every customer. ", " Do not recommend this job unless your working directly for apple, not through any type of temp agency. ", " I would work for them in a heart beat. Since my son works for them I can not, I worked at Apple the same time as King Systems. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Excellent work environment with intelligent, friendly co-workers. Better than average retail job. ", " Love the people I work with along with the clientele. Apple does great things for its employees!! ", " Apple was something that I was very excited to work at. The .environment was proven to be very unprofessional. ", " Great team and excellent engineering team. This place do not have any work life balance. ", " Great pay, sometimes bad managers, 0 chance of advancement. ", " Moved to Nashua NH from Lebanon NH-- 110 miles , new city new adventures ", " great place to work and grow the people are amazing, lots of energy great place to grow and learn for the future ", " Overall this is a very nice placed to work. The pace is fast. You are exposed to cutting edge technology. ", " Worked there for about a year, management could use some work. ", " Excellent to work for, great culture, great people and professionals. Top of the line. ", " Work is a lot but some times interesting. This is an interesting and enjoyable place to work. ", " repetitive and they don't pay good at all, not recomandable ", " Great Company, innovational products room for growth, highly dynamic environment ", " Apple provides a very exciting, fast-paced work environment with an excellent team-oriented dynamic that is focused on personal/professional growth. While this is an extremely demanding job on all fronts, Management is very supportive and understanding.   A typical work day is generally very intense, with a non-stop sense of busyness to accommodate the high level of traffic that salespeople are expected to interact with. I particularly enjoy this, as the entire sales process is very engaging and customer-needs-focused.   While unlike any type of retail store, the job does require employees to be extremely flexible and adapt to changing store needs and scheduling.   I have learned a great amount in the three years I have been with Apple - especially in regard to successful sales interactions, of which I am one of the top-performing salespeople in my class in terms of sales report standings. Developing a comprehensive solution to meet the needs of our customers is an exceptionally satisfying and fulfilling part of the job. ", " Great company to work for. Love the potential to grow. Training options and learning experience. ", " Fun place with good work but it is a Korean company with a harsh work life culture. ", " Field Account Executive working with K12 schools in VT, CT, MA, and RI. ", " I enjoy meeting new people. Everyday is a different responsibility, which keeps you on your toes.  ", " The most enjoyable part of the job are the people that you interact with day to day! ", " Nice place to work in a thriving busy environment.  Good colleagues with good atmosphere to work in. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Great learning environment to work in and stay up to date with the latest in technology. ", " It is a great place to work specially if you enjoy meeting people from all walks of life. ", " good place to work management is great co workers are great hardest part is rude cx ", " I had a great time working here. They are caring and helpful. Managers and employees are great ", " People are fun, very interesting. The culture is great. Awesome Management ", " Great Job! Excellent leadership and environment. Endless room for furthering career. ", " Most amazing company ive ever been apart . words can not explain the love I have for this company as hole. ", " Could be very high stress at times but wroth it to help customers with devices. ", " Cultivate an inspirational journey for customers who want an enriching experience with their technology. ", " Taking calls to troubleshooting mobile device software and hardware issues. ", " Always room for growth and moving/looking forward never moving back. ", " Its a good place to help build your resume. and the people are nice to work with. ", " A vibrant and fast paced environment. An excellent place to test your skills and patience. ", " Very time consuming company yet worth while if you wish to expand more in this field ", " Pays the bills but offers no advancement options or even trains you just in case there was. ", " Busy and fast paced environment surrounded with great coworkers. ", " I liked the job it was temporary though. I worked on the assembly line ", " learned things I will use even after Apple co-workers were amazing great benefits ", " Always ahead of the curve, able to think outside the box and implement ideas. ", " Pays well for at home work. Supplies all equipment necessary to do the job.  "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Fast paced and excellent environment, however it demands a lot and takes a lot of dedication outside of work as well to succeed. ", " Working at an Apple retail store is different every day. I you are willing to learn, ask questions and give customers the best possible experience and solutions, you will fit right in.  Every day is a new learning experience working with the most supportive, intelligent, diverse group of people you will encounter.  As far as part-time retail jobs go, you cannot beat Apple. ", " A typical day involves handling customers whom are having technical difficulties with their products. I learned about handling confused and angry customers. The management are un-coordinated and honestly are lacking that level of managerial skill.  The co-workers are very friendly and made the job worth going to. The hardest part of the job was the dissarray of information around the workplace while the best was the interesting stories of the customers. ", " A typical hard day of work at Apple involve many testings, emails/meetings and interaction between colleagues, managers, and managements. ", " What can I say? The corporate world is full of internal politics and major disconnects between departments. Apple is no exception. Middle management is killing innovation. \"Think Different\" has given way to \"drone on\". ", " A typical day at work would be assisting customers with iOS problems. This job also consisted of customer service and sales. Management was great and even though this was an at home position, they were very helpful and informative. ", " Great energy amongst co-workers. Management sometimes did not show much appreciation for hard workers. ", " One of the best companies to wok for. They train you for everything the expect you to sell and know. ", " Apple truly believes in it's culture and you can see it throughout the company. Big company and lots of room for growth. ", " have been working here since college and has always been a good place to imrpove on my communication and sales skills ", " If you value your free time and your sanity, avoid this place at all costs. ", " Great place to work with a large number of talented people. A typical day for me is working with internal and external customers, manage inventory. It can be difficult to manage shrink in a fast pace retail, but it can be done. I enjoy working with the people I do. ", " Apple is the Grand Central station of the retail world; hundreds of people visit the store each day. Apple customers want answers -- correct answers to complicated questions. The company has impressive products that work well and leap off the shelves, but Apple doesn't pay their employees in a compensatory manner when compared to the information the employees are responsible for. Great place to work if you have another job and enjoy learning about technology. ", "   Manage the equipment tracking process of global data centers   Manage multiple migrations of servers to ensure PCI and SOX compliance   Project tracking between application developers and system engineers to insure timely delivery of virtual machines   Development and creation of Filemaker database used to manage and track data center assets   Created the weekly report of data center equipment tracking for management.   Project tracking between application developers and system engineers to insure timely delivery of virtual machines   Weekly communication of project updates to executives ", " Heavy call volumes on a daily basis Learned how to deal with all kinds of different customers Managed and resolved issues on multiple accounts with clients Hardest part of the job was technicalities with the devices and having to get the customer to understand troubleshooting over the phone Most enjoyable part of the job was the relaxed and stress free environment and the ability to help other ", " Employed with Apple for 4 years. Worked as ICS and promoted to Assistant Manager after 2 years. Worked as Assistant Manager and after illness and death in family requested to be demoted to ICS once again. Trained over 75 employees in inventory control and cycle count procedures as well as physical inventory 2x a year. Excellent company to work for. ", " I worked on the Service Parts Team which was a team I helped create in our store in particular due to the discrepancies in stock (esp. service parts). This was a team of 6 men and myself. We would start at 6 AM, counting all sellable, allocated and return parts and sorting out any issues that caused the numbers not to balance. Then posting and shipping out all returns to have them removed from stock. Accepting and posting deliveries to add to stock. It was hard work and required a lot of concentration. However, we brought our accuracy level to 99.96% by the time I left. In a store the size of ours (450 employees) this was a great accomplishment.  I learned how to use 5 different computer systems and the inner working of the store. How every action within the store affects every part of it.  Management tried very hard to be 'Apple.' Apple is a fantastic company and really set the mark high for customer service in the US. I think the UK management is striving for a similar goal but the cultural differences make it difficult.  My co-workers were some of the most brilliant, fun and interesting people I have had the joy to meet and work with. Any time it felt like it was going to be a rough day, we all helped each other through it.  The hardest part of the job was trying to explain to others how their actions on the sales floor affected stock on the inventory side. We created a 3 day training process to teach people on the sales floor what actions they could easily improve or avoid to make all of our lives easier and our stock more accurate.  The most enjoyable part of the job was ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> definitely the people I worked with everyday. ", " My favorite part of coming to work is my coworkers and the energy around the store. I have learned an extreme amount being there about both customer service and technical support. On a typical day, I see anywhere from 20-25 customers and I am allotted 15 minutes per person to solve their issue. I am expected to attend to the customer in no shorter than a two minute wait time. The hardest part of this job is that it is very stressful and non stop all day and we are no longer allowed to have two days off in a row... ever. Also the schedule is made only two weeks in advance. This makes it difficult to have a work/life balance as well as take the time to get renjuvinated before returning to work for the week. ", " I beta-test this Company's operating system updates and application software. They're great in addressing issues with viable solutions in a timely manner! ", " Management is cool and treated us well. We always had fun at work but also always got work done. Store meetings were hilarious and different. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " This is probably one of my favourite jobs I've had. The work environment was super friendly. You walk and are instantly greeted by your coworkers. The managers know your name specifically as well as your attributes. There are tons of opportunity to get into different aspects of the store such as becoming a technician or a trainer. The hardest part of any given day would be helping customers who were against buying an Apple product. Sometimes people were irate or even hostile towards you, but you learn how to diffuse the situation after awhile. Overall, it was a good experience and I learned a lot. ", " There are definitely sales goals to meet, but it never seemed had to do, the product sold itself ", " Would refer anyone that is professional to this job. Lots of fun, always had informational classes regarding solving customers issues. I had an excellet supervisor who took up time to assist me researching product information, as well as assisting me with honing in on customer quality performance. ", " Working for Apple Inc. was a great experience. The people are all very amiable, as well as talented, and the management stays current with our work/life balance. It was always very busy in the retail store, which made the day fly by, and kept everyone on their toes so people were almost never slacking off. The hardest part of the job was working day in and day out with people who were having problems with their devices. Even that wasn't that hard since they came to our store to get our help, which leads to the most enjoyable part of the job. We were able to help people, and it was always very fulfilling when we could fix their problem, or sell them something they were amazed with. ", " Apple Legacy Village may be tiny, but it definitely makes an impression. This fast paced environment allows employees to learn how to deal with ambiguity, present solutions for customers, and allow them to have the best experiences Apple has to offer. Each day is challenging and rewarding. The management team is the best there is to offer. The most enjoyable part of my day is seeing a customer completely satisfied and happy to be an Apple owner. ", " I have met some of the most fantastic, unique, special, driven, intelligent, compassionate, quirky, SMART people I have ever know by working for this tremendous company. ", " There is never any down time here at Apple Inc, I have learned a whole lot about technology and working with a team. I like the management team I just with they were a little more engaged in their employees work. I love my co-workers because Apple looks for personality and we all work well together. the hardest part of the job is trying is the fast work pace because we really care about our customers and want the best for them and it could get exhausting at times. The best part of the job is the people you work with, everyone is so nice and I have made a lot of new friends. ", " Never have I worked with a group of people who care so much about not only their jobs, but about each other and the betterment of the company. Apple is a phenomenal place to work with greeeat benefits and such a casual environment, you can just be yourself! Not to mention you are a part of the best company to work for. They really value their employees. ", " A fast pased working environment in which clients need agent support at the ring of the phone. As agents we need to help them since at the end we are happy that we could help another in addressing urgent needs. ", " Responsibilities included but were not limited to: Inventory control, auditing of inventory by both hand count and use of electronic scan and count devices. Filling of part orders by communicating with the company warehouse and various venders. Instrumental in the launch of new product. Initiating more effective loss prevention and security measures. ", " Since that time I would say one of the greatest achievements I have reached is establishing strong trusting peer relationships. Taking the credo to heart and enriching lives, mine, my peers, who I share most of the time with, and finally our customers. Since I first started working at Apple I must have to say that my technology knowledge has exponentially grown at an incredible pace. Beyond the knowledge is the ability to communicate it to customers who at times are newcomers to Apple products. Finally and this has been a recent achievement I have been able to keep my timely assistance. I have always had trouble getting on time to places I blame it in part to my cultural heritage, but sometimes it was simply just overlooking the issue as irrelevant so long as I was within my 10 minutes. However all of that changed after sharing an experience with a friend at a trapeze lesson. I was made aware of the importance of timing. After that I have made a great effort to be on time or early. These three have also been my strongest developmental areas of growth this year.  The greatest disillusionment that I have had so far is the fact that I didnt get to carry through with the Spanish workshops for consumers. After constantly asking leaders to go through with them; getting the Spanish speaking staff on board; and even taking the initiative to make a presentation to make the case of how it is part of our credo part to enrich the lives of our costumes with our products and services I was simply just not listened too. However, what upsets me the most about this is the fact that at Apple ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> one of our goals is to create a sense of community in this way this is a big failure of the company as a whole to exclude a growing segment of the population. A company that values its people as its most important asset and it's diversity is certainly not carrying thru with its message.  As far as the near future goes I am at a very exciting point of my life where new challenges are coming up and the skills and knowledge that I have gained at Apple will come in very handy. I plan to further grow my technical knowledge and troubleshooting of products. However, and I think this is the most important of all of the things I have to further develop standing alone. Making sure that I am following my thoughts, intutions and believes even if that means been wrong sometimes or being an outcast. After all it is \"the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do...\" ", " Part of a great company with great products, excellent place to work. ", " This company has great values and really wants to see their employees succeed and advance. Cheap Healthcare! ", " Don't expect to keep your job at apple if you are contracted through a temp agency. ", " One of the best companies I have ever worked for I learned about my strenghts and weaknesses, and get place to build leadership skills! ", " Everything is digital, even the registers/cash wrap. Full benefits for ALL workers, paid travel expenses, high-paced environment, and the variety of customer experiences are just some of the great pluses working for a company that did all the intelligent design of retail for you. The products sell themselves; you, just share your love and experiences with the products. ", " Apple has been a wonderful company to work for. It is not like any other retail job. As a Creative trainer, I have the opportunity to train 6-7 OnetoOne members a day on relevant technology. I have come an amazing way in developing my teaching, facilitation and customer experience skills. Thinking back to when I first started over four years ago, I feel like a different person and confident teacher! Because of Apple, I am currently pursuing a Masters degree in Digital Media and Learning at USF. ", " Enjoyed working at apple. was trained on all apple products and training was ongoing throughout.Typical working day included talking to apple customers on a range of problems, and identifying the best way to resolve them. Best part of the job was solving a problem and making the other person happy. ", " A typical day at work would include slow morning production to eventual fast production as the day progresses. I learned a lot about responsibility for your own work and interfacing with the boss about certain aspects of the job. Co-workers were hard working as well. Hardest part of the job dealt with having to deal with the hot weather and being able to adjust how you worked in order to get done without slowing down too much. ", " This is an amazing opportunity for someone who wants to challenge themselves to work with and learn how to connect to almost every personality type under the sun (with both internal and external customers).  You'll probably start out thinking this is the company you'll retire with. In my experience, this is unlikely however the right person will emerge with super-human strengths in people skills, business acumen and composure.  Not a job for fanboys. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " great management. great hours and fun attmospher to work in. ", " Extensive technical training with customer service training. ", " A good place to work and learned a lot in my career, working here. ", " taking calls from customers documenting and transferring to the proper location ", " Pleasure to work with the team at this store.  It is like being a part of a family. ", " Great place to work. Compensation is beyond anything else in the retail world. ", " I've been there for about 4 years.  Constant changes were made. ", " Its a good place to gain professional skills ,to advance and move on . ", " Friendly co-workers, encouraging environment. Lots of opportunity for advancement. ", " It's an experience that you would have to participate in to fully understand. ", " I HELP WITH DAY CARE SOMETIME. IM STILL IN SCHOOL . I LEARNED YOU NEED TO BE HELPFUL IM MANY WAYS. ", " A very challenging, yet exciting job that I learned a lot from. ", " Great team, good benefits.  Located in the best country on eastern Europe ", " Apple was a good job to work. They had good benefits and it was fun. ", " Good place to work. Long weekends. Justing ringing people up and helping customers. ", " Dead end, be prepared to give too much of yourself and expect nothing in return. ", " Although it is very busy and it requires a lot of talking it is a great place to work. ", " same. High expectations in this company but it's worthy. Great company to work for. ", " Fifth Ave store is great. Very busy and energizing. It is open 24 hrs. ", " \uf06cMain QA engineer responsible for manual/automation testing of the Printing system for Mac OSX OS &amp; iOS print center. \uf06cAble to write use cases and/or take user requirements and was responsible for reproducing and performing regression analysis for a large number of issues. \uf06cPerforming good within my team, identified by far the largest number of high priority issues. This directly contributed to the lowest percentage of defect reports by customers in the department. \uf06cPerforming regular ad-hoc testing, which helped identify many subtle and long standing defects in the system that had been previously overlooked. \uf06cWorking in a fast paced production environment, coordinating with management and engineering in order to provide results that were instrumental in improving the quality of the system. \uf06cEvaluating the Inkjet/Laser printers for company standard grades \uf06cProficient in negative, regression, integration Testing, User acceptance Testing, performance, browser compatibility, and performance testing \uf06cPerformed Traceability Matrix, mapping requirements to test cases which enhanced the existing process. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Confidentiality considerations prevent further elaboration ", " Apple Inc. it is most definitely one of the best companies to work for ", " Phenomenal!! Everything that you would want in a company is covered! ", " A successful IT company needs to evolve quickly and respond to customer and employee feedback and this is exactly what Apple has succeeded in doing.  The most difficult part of the job is dealing with high customer expectations with low pay.  Changes are frequent and with little time to read and update, emails are overwhelming.  Expectations for retail employees are equal to corporate, however with retail employees serving customers throughout the day the expectations are not equitable.  All employees no matter what education level or age are all treated the same.  This model creates equity as well as a lack of respect for experienced workers with years of life experience.  Healthcare benefits are excellent as well as discounts from network providers.  Feedback needs more training and is a crucial part of the work culture.  Customer feedback is at times not related to job performance but extraneous circumstances, yet critical to upward mobility.  Recognition given to workers on number basis only. ", " great company, lots of room to learn a lot of things to prepare you for the real world. ", " Amazing workers. You will learn more than you can even imagine. ", " Refunds, respond to all customers request in regards to their product. ", " Fun place to work.  Very up to date on technology from this company. ", " this job is hard fun and alot of work people were nice and had alot of energy. ", " Part of a great company with great products, excellent place to work. ", " Great place to gain experience in sales and customer satisfaction. ", " Some of the best colleagues I have worked with, with good benefits. ", " What you learn from working here will take you so far in life . ", " Good company that cares about its employees.  Hours were long however flexible. ", " home based, learned about apple products, high volume customer service n/a ", " Loved working here. Very friendly environment as well as very friendly customers ", " Great Company to work for. Strong Team environment and wonderful people. ", " fun and exciting job.  Couldn't ask for a better company to work for ", " Love working here. Its a great work culture and the training is good ", " This job taught me a lot about different types of technology. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " we are not allowed to talk about apple.it is A fun place to work at ", " A great place to work...they care about keeping their employees happy and healthy! ", " Good place to work and gain experience. Colleagues are very helpful ", " Great company great people but run in a poor fashion depending on store management. ", " helping customers with techinal issues with there apple product. long hours ", " Great place to work. Pilot program for Southwest was shut down. ", " A lot of creative minds swirling about in this flagship store. ", " All I have to say is that this is the best job that I have worked thus far! ", " n/a this place is okay but it needs improvement in management ", " Troubleshoot Apple products such as iPhones, iPads, &amp; iPod touches ", " Fantastic Company, amazing culture, fast paced, innovative, exciting ", " work on asemblyline assemble computer. I learn building computer. ", " The best retail job. Overcrowd store. long hours, Best paid in retail ", " Bad Managers, they throw you under the bus to make themselves look better. ", " Very good job experience. Learned many new skills Met many great people ", " LOVE WORKING HERE Great friendly people. a wonderful place to learn and grow ", " Easy work, just stay busy and you get paid. Work for one year then get laid off. ", " Love my job here, people are great and the benefits are awesome. ", " Best job if you want to learn skills that you will use the rest of your life. ", " Aligning customers problems or knowledge with solutions. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple is what every single business in the world should be stammering over itself to model after. The management staff truly cares about the employees, and I have never had a manager not only train and coach me for the job at hand, but also to grow me as an adult. Fantastic company, cannot say enough about it. ", " I love warehouse jobs.I love being a team player. and also i love to get the job done seeking a job opertunity. Ima fast learner. and ready to work ", " This a place where you feel like you are making a difference in the world. Extremely fast paced and innovative. People think outside the box here. ", "   Answer user inquiries regarding computer software or hardware operation to resolve problems in Iphones, Ipods Ipads and Macs.   Enter commands and observe system functioning to verify correct operations and detect errors.   Install and perform minor repairs to hardware, software, or peripheral equipment, following design or installation specifications.   Refer major hardware or software problems or defective products to vendors or technicians for service. ", " Although it is very busy and it requires a lot of talking it is a great place to work. ", " I was a Sales Representative. I had the privelage of personally intro ducting Apple products to hundreds of people. ", " Working for Apple, Inc. has opened many doors for me. It was my first job out of college and I enjoyed the company culture and believed in the products I was marketing and selling. ", " -Typical day at work consisted of non-stop flow of customers requiring help throughout the day. -Worked as a member of a team of sales specialist, instituting the importance of teamwork in a sales environment. -Hardest part of the job was dealing with an unsatisfied customer that did not listen to any explanations and/or did not appreciate the solution when it was presented to the. -The most enjoyable part of the job was helping to relieve someone of their stress when dealing with computer issues ", " great company to work for, always helping you learn more and exceed at your job. ", " Love this job. Very flexible with schedules and very focused on properly training workers. Benefits are great and pay is pretty good ", " Very uplifting environment to work in. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is up for a challenge in the work environment, but have fun as well. It is extremely important to build relationships with customers as well as work hard to meet the business goals as well. The most enjoyable part of the job is seeing the customer's expressions and impressions. Most difficult part of the job would be trying not to have too much fun and remember that I am on a job. ", " if you like apple, youll love working there. others have tons of knowledge and youll learn something everyday. ", " I really liked working for this company, there is a diverse group of people that work there and a great atmosphere. ", " Currently in pursuit. I have learned how to use apple software and use it daily! Applications are wonderful. ", " Who wouldn't want to work for Apple and play with their products all day. Typical days are filled with customer service, alot of questions and answers and learning about new features or products coming out. Management and Co-Workers are great! The hardest part of the job is going home and leaving all those gadgets at the store. The most enjoyable part of the job is being around some of the coolest things in the tech world. ", " However, it is still a retail job. In the end the pay is what will keep you here, until you find a career. ", " This company was fast paced and fun to work. The people were awesome and they were always having a great time between phone calls. ", " In this position, I have discovered many aspects in all areas of customer relations such as complex problem resolution within time commitments, official positioning of the company, identify and escalating emerging product and customer issues.  Additional experience includes working on other projects and I have succeeded in reaching the tasks required through the support of my managers and colleagues.  Apple is a very good company, a very challenging environment. ", " The training was fun, but did not provide complete tools for doing the job. The Apple Knowledge Base was also incomplete in its information. You are very much left to the sharks after your training, sink or swim. ", " A typical day at work involves taking incoming calls and making outbound calls to Apples' customners in regards to their Apple products and problems they may be experiencing with Apple's software. It also includes suggecting Apple's products, selling and replacing damanged products. The hardest part of my job would be pleasing every customer to exceed Apple's expectations. It's hard but I give it my all. The most enjoyable part of my job is pleasing those customer who are irrate. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I had a great experience working with this company. The benefits are stellar and the pay is outstanding. ", " There are not to many jobs that consistently challenge you. This this job keeps you on your, A game. ", " Apple is one of the best companies to work for. Enriching the lives of their customers is the ultimate goal, and they value their employees immensely. ", " Excellent company striving to change the average consumer's mind about complex products. Strong focus on usability and ensuring customers were taken care of properly. Great growth potential. ", " While at Apple, I enjoyed working with the various customers who entered into the store. It was challenging to learn about the many differences in PCs and Macs but it added to the overall experience. My co-workers were very welcoming and made me feel like I was a part of a family. ", " Apple in Education was always a hard nut to crack, since this is not the area where Apple predominated. IBM clones available at far lower prices always made it a hard-sell, even though Apple computers were always far easier to operate for teachers and students.  The company obviously creates excellent products with great support and reliabiity. ", " This Company Is great to work for, they treat their employees very well. They truly want you to succeed and grow as a person not just as there employee. ", " The company is extremely invested in each employee and driven for results. The customer is the top priority and finding solutions for them is what makes Apple different. The culture is one that's infectious - very chipper, very fun. ", " Apple demands your best, and only your best. They are a great company to work for. ", " I have had just about every skill even to a mechanic but i am not interested in mechanic... BUt i have have customer service skills, tons of computer skill took business in all the years i was in middle to high and futher more. I can type fast. I can run a register i have for 3 years. enjoyed every mintue of it. I am a single mommy searching for a wonderful job. And i have just been applying evberywhere but no where has anything. I a young lady searching for good work. I absolutely love meeting new people and those types of work i love working period...thanks you everything ", " I will miss my job as I am moving to Columbia, SC. This is a very nice, friendly, customer first based company. ", " What can I say? Apple has created an empire on quality and simplistic products which get the job done beautifully and right the first time. ", " Great place to work! Loved the location, loved working for the company and enjoyed my time there. ", " Apple Retail is like no other retail work experience. One will work with some truly smart and ambitious individuals. This is a great job for a college student with great benefits. The employee stock program has made a lot of the tenured employees very wealthy. A very fast-paced and ever-changing environment. The demand for the product is always HIGH!! ", " I have learn a lot working at apple and enjoyed learning and working with apple products and a great environment with great people. ", " Apple has been the best job that I have ever had. With the part time benefits and the stock purchases plans I feel like I will be with them for a long time. ", " It is a great place to work specially if you enjoy meeting people from all walks of life. ", " While showing great stability, the work hours are spread out and sometime not equal to a full-time position. ", " Great learning experience, job advancement and a fun, friendly environment ", " I enjoye the products, great design. The work experience is never really the same. I like to think that's fun. Something new everyday "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Could be very high stress at times but wroth it to help customers with devices. ", " Had a great opportunity to learn, thanks to the team I was in. ", " A vibrant and fast paced environment. An excellent place to test your skills and patience. ", " Support Apple iMac &amp; portable platform: diagnostic, troubleshoot, execute repair. ", " Good place to work and gain experience. Colleagues are very helpful ", " great place to work..helpful employees. fast environment. ", " The call center was well organized and call flow was always spread out on a daily basis. ", " Good place to work. Long weekends. Justing ringing people up and helping customers. ", " A very fast paced environment with always something new to learn or do. ", " Answering inbound calls and learning about apple products. ", " Great Company to work for and I hope it will be for a long time. ", " Great place to work, no complaints. just didn't provide enough pay for my education ", " taking calls from customers documenting and transferring to the proper location ", " Although it is very busy and it requires a lot of talking it is a great place to work. ", " I've been there for about 4 years.  Constant changes were made. ", " I HELP WITH DAY CARE SOMETIME. IM STILL IN SCHOOL . I LEARNED YOU NEED TO BE HELPFUL IM MANY WAYS. ", " Great place to gain experience in sales and customer satisfaction. ", " Refunds, respond to all customers request in regards to their product. ", " Amazing workers. You will learn more than you can even imagine. ", " this job is hard fun and alot of work people were nice and had alot of energy. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " I worked there for two years and it was my best retail job to date. ", " You can develop many skills while working here. You learn to deal with many customer issues and how to give feedback to fellow employees. You learned to be a very patient person. There are always new things you learn everyday. You become a very resourceful and a technical savvy person working here. There are new roles you can develop into. It is a great company to work for with great perks. ", " I loved working for the Apple Store. I would work with everything I loved and sold and troubleshot products and services I truly believed in that I used every day in my own personal life too. If I hadn't relocated to Japan to seek higher income, I would have been very content remaining an asset to this incredible company, however, free living and work in Japan was the only thing that got me to leave. ", " I've had the pleasure of working at Apple as a contractor on two separate occasions, in two very different departments. In both scenarios my managers and fellow co-workers were an extremely open-minded, eclectic, and supportive group of individuals. I loved working for Apple, and hope that someday I will return. It is an atmosphere of hard-working, conscientious folks who probably work harder than they play, but truly care about the products and services their company produces. If you are a \"crazy one\" then you will thrive! Remember, Apple's culture is born from everyday imaginative folks, not elititest top-tier grads. (who would have thought right?!) ", " Apple culture and products are solid. They take care of their people, on a developmental and career basis, as well as providing a sense of ownership and responsibility. ", " I really love the philosophy of the Apple company. They provide a great place to work for their employees and I am constantly challenged every day at work. It is a lot of fun! ", " Retail is brutal. Apple was great when I joined in 2002 but unfortunately the customer service fell by the wayside and sales metrics took the forefront. ", " I love working for Apple! The company is fun and energetic and they care about not only their customer but their employees as well. ", " Great place to work. Compensation is beyond anything else in the retail world. ", " Proud company to work for; they truly listen to what the client and care about their needs. ", " Apple, Elk Grove, CA is a campus call center and device refurbish facility. They only hire Temps and limit contracts to 3 months, up to a year total. They treat the employees poorly. I witnessed Ethnic discrimination &amp; segregation towards Whites, Latinos and African Americans...if you are Asian you will be fine. ", " Never felt like work , every second was a wow moment learning something from everyone. ", " As a Genius, YES, you work for Apple. The greatest company in the world! I was proud to wear the title! I worked for STEVE JOBS! But... I worked in a mall, wore a \"uniform'' and a name tag. I learned more about computers than I ever did with my college degree and I am completely in debt to the training of Apple. Apple Retail, however, is god awful for someone who wants to advance into a higher paying and more prestigious career. Managers do not encourage going into corporate, nor do they ever promote or assist you in advancing beyond a genius/manager.  Apple = THE GREATEST COMPANY EVER! Apple Retail = not for everyone! ", " Looking back now I realize more than ever how important working at Apple was for me and my career. I learned so much not only about Macs, but how to create and work with a team of individuals that are passionate about the product and the company's goal for being on the cutting edge of technology. The pay was good for the my position and the benefits were great as well. Apple offers Daddy Leave which was awesome for me when my daughter was born. I was able to get 3 weeks off paid to spend time at home with my little one. I really do miss working there and have nothing but fond memories. The only reason I left was to pursue my passion as a filmmaker which required me to be out shooting many late hours. Thank you Apple for allow me to be a part of your innovation and teaching me to be innovative. ", " c'est cool les collegues sont de tout horizons et l'entraide est presente ", " Creo que es trabajo muy divertido y interesante pero tiene problema de organization y el salario es muy bajo. ", " Trabajar para Apple es una maravilla. Esp\u00edritu de equipo, empat\u00eda a raudales y unos compa\u00f1eros de 10. ", " Embora seja uma multinacional onde n\u00e3o se espera um contato com os funcion\u00e1rios acima de voc\u00ea, na Apple era poss\u00edvel conversar desde o presidente at\u00e9 o jovem aprendiz. Os colegas de trabalho tem uma boa intera\u00e7\u00e3o e foi poss\u00edvel aprender muito durante o meu contrato na empresa. A parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho foi criar a dimens\u00e3o de que era uma multinacional e todas as a\u00e7\u00f5es deveriam ser respondidas \u00e0 sede nos EUA. E a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel do trabalho era a rela\u00e7\u00e3o entre todos e a liberdade nas conversas e vestimentas. ", " Aprend\u00ed a identificar ciertos equipos, a checar sus caracter\u00edsticas mas especificas por medio de soporte apple, a pedir piezas een la bodega y. Recibirlas, me gusto mucho haber sido encargada del lugar de atenci\u00f3n a clientes en poco tiempo. ", " The Apple Eco-Sphere is second to none. Excellent Training and lots of great colleagues.  I had prior experience in Apple Sales and Technical Support; this job allowed me to work directly with the end-users, and felt the honest satisfaction every time I was able to help a customer.  Apple provided the chance to expand our abilities via additional training programs "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " ambiente internacional y dinamico y buena profesionalidad ", " Agr\u00e9able et convivial, un cadre parfait et propice au d\u00e9veloppement des salari\u00e9s ", " I mean everything that forms part of employees\u2019 involvement with the work itself, such as the relationship with co-workers and supervisors, organizational culture, room for personal development, etc. ", " L'azienda \u00e8 la pi\u00f9 ammirata al mondo da 5 anni a questa parte, e gi\u00e0 questo di per se \u00e8 un ottimo biglietto da visita. L'ambiente \u00e8 giovane e stimolante, l'afflusso massiccio di clienti fa si che la giornata lavorativa scorra in un lampo. In un'azienda del genere si impara cosa vuol dire il senso di responsabilit\u00e0, cosa vuol dire cercare di mantenere il livello di azienda pi\u00f9 ammirata al mondo ed esserne ambasciatori in prima persona. L'azienda \u00e8 gestita in maniera splendida, viene data la massima importanza alle esigenze del dipendente, l'equilibrio tra lavoro e vita privata \u00e8 uno dei princ\u00ecpi cardini dell'azienda. ", " Addetto alla vendita di tutti i device Apple  Durante questo periodo ho avuto la possibilit\u00e0 di conoscere nuove tecniche di vendita e di accompagnamento alla scoperta delle caratteristiche di tutti i dispositivi della nota azienda americana (iPod, iPhone, iPad, Mac, iMac, Apple TV, Accessori, App e Software) confrontandomi quotidianamente con una vasta gamma di clienti, inoltre ho perfezionato la mia propensione al team-work ", " Gran cultura de empresa con gran facilidad de conciliaci\u00f3n familiar laboral. Gran formaci\u00f3n y cuidado a los trabajadores. Muchos beneficios sociales internos en cuanto a salud. ", " In de jaren dat ik bij Apple heb gewerkt heb ik mij zelf ontwikkeld op vele vlakken. Het gaat hierbij dan voor al om het nauw samenwerken met de diversiteit van het team. In een dynamische omgeving van de retail, techniek en logistiek is altijd een uitdaging om alles goed te plannen. Met trost mag ik zeggen dat ik voor Apple werkzaam ben in een internationaal bekend bedrijf ", " Bonne esprit  Equipe agr\u00e9able  Environnement propice \u00e0 l'\u00e9volution ", " Eine sehr gute Arbeitskultur. Es macht Spa\u00df dort zu arbeiten. Das Management ist leider sehr oft unf\u00e4hig in vielen Situationen und man muss sich daran gew\u00f6hnen nie Antworten zu erhalten oder das man an der Nase herumgef\u00fchrt wird und man nachher versproche Zusagen doch nicht bekommt. Eigenst\u00e4ndiges Arbeiten ist nur bedingt m\u00f6glich. ", " La giornata inizia e finisce sempre con sorriso. Nonostante avessi gi\u00e0 esperienza nel retail in Apple ho potuto sviluppare tecniche di vendita mirate all' eccellenza e alla fidelizzazione del cliente in un ambiente dinamico e variegato. ", " Una muy buena empresa, de las que nunca quisieras salir   Excelente trato  Un gran ambiente de trabajo  Prestaciones superiores   Excelente lugar de trabajo ", " Sal\u00e1rio Baixo, hor\u00e1rios flex\u00edveis e boas condi\u00e7\u00f5es dentro do trabalho ", " La mia giornata tipica non riguarda solo la vendita, ma anche l'assistenza al cliente e l'offrire la miglior esperienza e soluzione possibile.  Grazie al mio lavoro ho imparato cosa vuol dire porsi degli obiettivi di sviluppo personale e raggiungerli, ho imparato a lavorare su delle competenze da sviluppare, soprattutto ho imparato il vero teamwork. Con i miei colleghi ho un ottimo rapporto riesco ad entrare in empatia con tutti poich\u00e9 riesco a mantenere un ascolto attivo nei loro confronti e quindi riesco a comprendere la loro personalit\u00e0, i loro bisogni.  La parte pi\u00f9 piacevole del mio lavoro \u00e8 il rapporto con i miei colleghi e la nostra capacit\u00e0 di lavorare bene insieme e di organizzarci anche nei momenti di forte pressione, inoltre la soddisfazione del cliente che naturalmente \u00e8 quantificabile attraverso il questionario di gradimento. ", " Busco algo en donde pueda completar varias horas 8 a 10 horas. ", " Excelente empresa a qual o dia de trabalho e bem dividido entre trabalho e intervalos. Eu aprimorei bastante minha empatia com ao cliente. A gerencia de setor era um tanto conturbada mas a geral compensava! Empresa \u00d3TIMA de se fazer amigos de trabalho e fora dele (os quais mantenho ate hoje) A parte mais dif\u00edcil era realmente os problemas fora da minha al\u00e7ada mas existia o suporte avan\u00e7ado para onde eu poderia encaminhar o cliente para a resolu\u00e7\u00e3o do problema (geralmente problema com os novos sistemas operacionais ios 7 ios 8 ... ou falhas de hardware as quais s\u00f3 com a troca do aparelho) A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel seriam os cafe breaks e os eventos para funcion\u00e1rios (com premia\u00e7\u00f5es) ", " Une tres belle exp\u00e9rience avec une \u00e9quipe g\u00e9niale. Dommage que je n'ai pas pu rester plus longtemps ", " J'ai parcouru toute la France car je faisais les grandes surfaces ", " Mon travail chez Apple m a initie au support technique et m a permis de comprendre d avantage le monde des iOS ainsi que l art de vendre et de convaincre les clients meme s ils sont submerges par des probl\u00e8mes techniques ", " \u0130\u015f olarak sizi s\u00fcrekli motive tutuyorlar vw hi\u00e7 bir \u015fekilde piskolojik olarak yenilmenize izin vermiyorlar. Buda ayda 1 sat\u0131\u015f konusunda verdikleri e\u011fitimlerle destekleniyor. E\u011flenceli bir e\u011fitim ", " La importancia de las personas nunca lo hab\u00eda notado con tanto inter\u00e9s en otra empresa, el foco para el \u00e9xito hace la diferencia en Apple. Las personas son el centro para seguir mejorando las gestiones. y obtener resultados realmente positivos con un excelente ambiente y equipo de trabajo. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Lavorare in Apple significa crescere come persone e sviluppare competenze specifiche per poter diventare grandi leader.  Durante il mio percorso ho sviluppato pi\u00f9 competenze tra le quali la gestione del tempo, delle persone e la pianificazione strategica del punto vendita allineata alla vision dell'azienda. I colleghi che ho incontrato sul mio percorso hanno tutti contribuito alla mia crescita e in parte al mio sviluppo in carriera. Con essi ho mantenuto un rapporto lavorativo e con un 10% di loro mi sento spesso. La difficolt\u00e0 pi\u00f9 grande era il dover lavorare tutte o quasi le domeniche ed avere orari a 2 settimane. Poi con il tempo \u00e8 diventata un abitudine e quindi ho imparato a gestirlo. La bellezza dei rapporti umani che si creavano con i colleghi e con i clienti \u00e8 stata molto appagante. ", " J'ai parcouru toute la France car je faisais les grandes surfaces ", " Apple, une soci\u00e9t\u00e9 disposant de grands moyens pur faire \u00e9voluer ses employ\u00e9s en fonction de leurs comp\u00e9tences. Un must! ", " Sal\u00e1rio Baixo, hor\u00e1rios flex\u00edveis e boas condi\u00e7\u00f5es dentro do trabalho ", " Mes\u00a0responsabilit\u00e9s consistaient principalement, d'une part \u00e0 aider les agents du service client\u00e8le dans leur travail au quotidien (d\u00e9cisions \u00e0 prendre avec les clients, utilisation des outils informatiques en interne, respect de la politique Apple en terme de communication et de proc\u00e9dures), d'autre part \u00e0 \u00e9valuer le travail des agents (\u00e9coutes d'appel, \u00e9valuations des gestes commerciaux offerts aux clients pour l'essentiel). \u00a0\u00a0 ", " Une tres belle exp\u00e9rience avec une \u00e9quipe g\u00e9niale. Dommage que je n'ai pas pu rester plus longtemps ", " experience fascinante de fiare parti de cette entreprise.  Journ\u00e9e de travail typique: 7h30 au telephone a responder a des requites technique de AppleCare  evolution apr\u00e8s 3mois dans un autre service Apple car. Evolution lat\u00e9rale.  Management adapt\u00e9e aux personnes. Objectifs de satisfactions clientele bas\u00e9 sur les perception de Apple et non de la qualit\u00e9 de l'advisor. ", " Busco algo en donde pueda completar varias horas 8 a 10 horas. ", " Local de trabalho limpo e organizado, coordenadores incentivadores, ambiente agrad\u00e1vel para trabalhar. ", " L'ensemble du travail chez Apple \u00e0 \u00e9t\u00e9 tr\u00e8s b\u00e9n\u00e9fique et l'ai toujours. Chaque employ\u00e9 Apple Store est une personne unique, dont la vari\u00e9t\u00e9 des talents et des exp\u00e9riences participe \u00e0 la cr\u00e9ation d\u2019un lien fort entre les gens et Apple ", " Le type de management permet une \u00e9volution sur le long terme gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 l'analyse des performances de l'employ\u00e9 sur le court terme. Hi\u00e9rarchie \u00e0 l'\u00e9coute et environnement favorable aux conditions de travail. ", " Susciter dynamisme et enthousiasme autour des produits: Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple TV et accessoires Offrir une excellente qualite\u0301 de service dans un environnement dynamique et e\u0302tre stimule\u0301 par une constante interaction avec les autres ", " Un d\u00eda com\u00fan en Apple es lleno de risas, aprendizaje, relaciones culturales, intercambio de conocimiento y apoyo mutuo, si uno sube, todos suben. ", " La giornata lavorativa si divide i due parti, revisione di pratiche e richeste nella mattinata e nel pomeriggio rivedere le email e rispondere alle richieste dei futuri ed attuali collaboratori. Ho imparato a gestire la comunicazione telefonica e via email. Ho imparato a collaborare nel team per velocizzare e semplificare il lavoro.  Nel mio mio lavoro la parte piu` difficile e` controllare le situazioni piu` difficile mantenendo la calma ed offrire una soluzione anche alle persone meno garbate. Nel mio lavoro risolvere le problematiche di qualsiasi tipo ed aiutare le persone e le ditte a lavorare rende la giornata piu` leggera e piacevole ", " Buen dia de trabajo, experiencia laboral en el manejo de personal y saber motivarlos atravez de los lineamientos de la empresa. ", " My avaliation of Apple is based not only in Apple, otherwise I would have given five stars on all options. But actually it's based on the two third-party companies in Brazil that I worked for in my time as an Applecare advisor.  These companies don't have a clue on how an Applecare advisor should work or be treated, or on how an Applecare environment should be like. So, there's no professional stability and everyone is treated as a child by unprepared managers.  But speaking for Apple, I have not a single thing to complain. All processes, procedures, training modules, the way we are teached to work and talk to the customers, is a really wonderful world and I really believed I was helping people.  It would be very good if there was to be an actual AppleCare here in Brazil, managed by Apple itself, not third-party companies. Other than that, if I could work for Apple again, it would be on another country, not in Brazil never again. Where they can not possibly know the wonderful world they are missing and avoiding. ", " Bonne entreprise 4 ans au sein de l'entreprise et toujours trouv\u00e9 la motivation pour travailler dans cette entreprise. ", " we had a good team, but the work was boring. I had to wait for the clients, if they will look for something or they won't come inside the shop etc. ", " Compenetrado nas minhas atividades.   Muito, sobre  consertos e manuten\u00e7\u00e3o em equipamentos apple.     Boa, sem mais coment\u00e1rios.  Todos simp\u00e1ticos e cordiais.   Dizer ao cliente que seu equipamento n\u00e3o ficou pronto dentro do prazo.  Estar em contato constante com os equipamentos apple, pois s\u00e3o equipamentos muito f\u00e1ceis de manusear, usar  e at\u00e9 mesmo para o conserto. ", " Colleghi alla mano, disponibili e pronti a lavorare in team. Preparazione veloce e produttiva. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " J'ai ador\u00e9 mon parcours chez Apple Canada. Tr\u00e8s belle \u00e9quipe et surtout excellent emploi comme \u00e9tudiant ", " Des collaborateurs qui viennent de tous les horizons pour bosser dans la bonne humeur. Une ambiance sympa qui donne envie de travailler. Des clients parfois malhonn\u00eates et non respectueux au SAV, contenu de la zone ou le magasin est situe. ", " Great place to learn how a Leading Global company operates. ", " J'aime particuli\u00e8rement travailler dans cet environnement de travail ou tout change rapidement et ou on doit apprendre rapidement et efficacement. ", " Na iPlace - Apple Premium Reseller, coloquei em pr\u00e1tica meus conhecimentos e t\u00e9cnicas de vendas, e adquiri grande conhecimento sobre os Produtos Apple, o que me fez abrir novos campos de atua\u00e7\u00e3o na qual estou focado no momento, Desenvolvimento de aplicativos para iPhone e iPad. ", " L'ambiente di lavoro era dinamico ed in continua evoluzione. Le apparecchiature che usavamo per la risoluzione dei problemi dei nostri clienti erano di ultima generazione e ci permetteva di fornire un assistenza al cliente immediata ed efficiente. I colleghi erano tutti motivati e ben preparati grazie a sessioni di approfondimenti con ogni uscita di nuovi sistemi operativi ", " Apple Retail offre incontestablement un cadre de travail et des moyens uniques, pour vivre une exp\u00e9rience exceptionnelle, ce qui a \u00e9t\u00e9 mon cas. J'ai pu construire un magnifique projet, obtenir des r\u00e9sultats humains et \u00e9conomiques incroyables, et dont je suis particuli\u00e8rement fier. Cependant, comme toute marque prestigieuse, elle attire des profils de personnes ambitieux et parfois pr\u00eats \u00e0 toute forme d'hypocrisie et manipulation pour se valoriser individuellement et ainsi \u00e9voluer... ", " Nous devions aider les clients sur les produits Apple. Pour ma part, donner des formations sur les produits/logiciels Apple. Les managers \u00e9taient parfaits, toujours \u00e0 l'\u00e9coute, faisants le maximum pour nous donner un environnement de travail excellent. Ce fut de loin le meilleur emploie que j'ai eu \u00e0 date, surtout grace \u00e0 mes coll\u00e8gues de travail et collaborateurs. ", " Job d'appoint pour la fin d'ann\u00e9e afin de parer \u00e0 une surcharge de travail et un service d'une qualit\u00e9 minimum pendant les p\u00e9riode de f\u00eate tel que black friday, noel et nouvel an. Vente de produits et service apr\u00e8s vente. ", " Olha, infelizmente sa\u00ed de l\u00e1 pois minha fam\u00edlia \u00e9 daqui de Campo Grande, mas eu era muito feliz trabalhando nesta empresa, aprendi muito l\u00e1 porque temos muitos cursos, atualiza\u00e7\u00f5es mensais, e a ger\u00eancia da total suporte para crescermos, ambiente muito agrad\u00e1vel, \u00e9ramos bastante unidos, a parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho era acalmar um cliente nervoso, mas com o tempo aprendemos a lidar com isso muito bem, a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel pra mim era quando os clientes saiam satisfeitos, eu recebia muitos presentes de cliente, sou a \u00fanica mulher no Brasil que conseguiu entrar na Apple, a melhor do Sul em 3 meses consecutivos, resumindo fui muito feliz nessa e em todas as empresas que trabalhei, pois aprendi muito. ", " \u00e8 stata un'esperienza unica, tante cose da imparare, colleghi disponibili. ", " Aussi \u00e9tonnant que cela puisse encore para\u00eetre, Apple en France ce fut longtemps une petite entreprise de distribution (de moins de 300 personnes), o\u00f9 tout le monde se connaissait. Le succ\u00e8s croissant de ses produits (Mac, iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes), le d\u00e9m\u00e9nagement des bureaux sur Paris et Londres, la cr\u00e9ation ind\u00e9pendante des boutiques Apple (retail) et leur visibilit\u00e9 aupr\u00e8s de la client\u00e8le a quelque peu transform\u00e9 cette donne. Aujourd'hui les deux entit\u00e9s pr\u00e9sentes en France (Corp: moins de 200 personnes, et Retail: plus de 2000 employ\u00e9s) n'ont pas les m\u00eame tailles, fonctions, et perspectives d'\u00e9volution. Difficile donc de comparer les avantages et inconv\u00e9nients sans dissocier d'abord ces deux soci\u00e9t\u00e9s, leur filiale fran\u00e7aise et le groupe europ\u00e9en / international, ou le circuit de distribution au d\u00e9tail... ", " Era un posto di lavoro molto stimolante , normalmente dovevi aiutare i clienti a trovare i prodotti che pi\u00f9 potevano esserli utili per la vita lavorativa o comunque privata. I colleghi erano preziosi all'interno del lavoro quando eri in difficolt\u00e0 ti aiutavano e davano spiegazioni per continuare al meglio il lavoro che stavi svolgendo . Non c'erano parti difficili nel lavoro , basta ascoltare buttarsi sbagliare e rincominciare da capo quello che stavi facendo , prendendo gli errori come spunti per migliorarsi sempre. ", " Excelente Empresa para trabajar , con una gran  calidad Humana , Te daban todas las herramientas para contribuir as\u00ed al crecimiento de todos , preocupaci\u00f3n constante por parte de tu bienestar . ", " Si lavorava a ritmi molto elevati e rimodulando il proprio piano di lavoro molto in fretta.  Ho imparto ad essere estremamente situazionale. L'azienda \u00e8 gestita molto bene e con molto rispetto per le persone. Ho incontrato colleghi fantastici e ancora sono in contatto con loro. Persone molto stimolanti, sia dal punto di vista personale che professionale. Tenersi sempre al passo con le nuove tecnologie \u00e8 un'impresa ardua, ma possibile. Affiancare i ragazzi e aiutarli nelle dinamiche di ogni giorno ", " Es una empresa en la que te sentir\u00e1s como en casa. No encontrar\u00e1s limitaciones en lo que te propongas, ya que su gran extensi\u00f3n te permite moverte por diferentes zonas, rangos e incluso pa\u00edses.  Tratan de explotar tus habilidades al m\u00e1ximo por lo que nunca te sentir\u00e1s abandonado. Es una experiencia muy positiva el poder trabajar en una empresa como esta porque los conocimientos adquiridos en poco tiempo son de un nivel alt\u00edsimo en los est\u00e1ndares de calidad y atenci\u00f3n al cliente. ", " \u5458\u5de5\u6587\u5316\u90fd\u4e0d\u9519 \u4e0d\u8fc7\u96f6\u552e\u7684\u53d1\u5c55\u8def\u5f84\u7a84 \u96be\u4ee5\u6ee1\u8db3\u591a\u6837\u5316\u4eba\u624d\u9700\u6c42 \u6709\u8da3\u7684\u4e8b\u60c5\u662f\u80fd\u591f\u9605\u4eba\u65e0\u6570\uff0c\u548c\u5404\u79cd\u5404\u6837\u7684\u4eba\u6253\u4ea4\u9053\uff0c\u4eba\u751f\u5f88\u4e30\u5bcc ", " es una empresa en donde a todos nos tenian  presionados por la cantidad de pedidos que hacian para ser mandados a otros lugares ciudades y  tiendas.  existia descriminacion por parte de los americanos aveces uno no hablaba para no ser despedido claro tenian la autoridad de hacerlo siendo que eran trabajadores de temporadas y los tomaban en cuenta o tenian el puesto como supervisor  y la paga era accesible para uno cuando trabajaba por horas y mas portiempos extrs. ", " los horarios son versatiles dependiendo del area donde se trabaje, muy divertido, trato con gente capacitada y audaz ", " J'ai ador\u00e9 travailler pour Apple Computer. \u00c9quipe jeune dynamique. Mes coll\u00e8gues de travail sont devenus des amis avec qui je suis toujours en contact. L'\u00e9quipe de management \u00e9tait toujours l\u00e0 pour nous aider et pour nous coacher. La formation produit et vente \u00e9tait primordiale et constante. L'environnement de travail \u00e9tait fait pour d\u00e9velopper des liens amicaux et comp\u00e9titifs. Je garde un souvenir exceptionnelle de mon exp\u00e9rience de travail chez Macintosh. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Apple Retail offre incontestablement un cadre de travail et des moyens uniques, pour vivre une exp\u00e9rience exceptionnelle, ce qui a \u00e9t\u00e9 mon cas. J'ai pu construire un magnifique projet, obtenir des r\u00e9sultats humains et \u00e9conomiques incroyables, et dont je suis particuli\u00e8rement fier. Cependant, comme toute marque prestigieuse, elle attire des profils de personnes ambitieux et parfois pr\u00eats \u00e0 toute forme d'hypocrisie et manipulation pour se valoriser individuellement et ainsi \u00e9voluer... ", " R\u00e9union avant la prise de poste pendant le caf\u00e9, d\u00e9finition des objectifs , retour sur les process, rotation de postes toutes les 3h , tr\u00e8s grande culture d'entreprise. Contact facile avec les \u00e9quipes, super teamwork ", " Atenci\u00f3n a clientes, merchandising, ventas, capacitaci\u00f3n. Excelente ambiente y equipo de trabajo, mi relaci\u00f3n con mis colegas era de amistad, la parte mas dificil era lograr negociar con gerencia, lo que mas me gusto fue la marca. ", " LUGAR FANT\u00c1STICO DE SE TRABALHAR, DIN\u00c2MICO, \u00d3TIMO SAL\u00c1RIO, PRODUTO MARAVILHOSO ", " bonne \u00e9coute mais petit souci au niveau de la confidentialit\u00e9 sur mon dossier m\u00e9dical ", " A mio avviso lavorare per Apple , \u00e8 una tra le esperienza pi\u00f9 belle da fare soprattutto quando ci si interfaccia con i clienti dove la tua soddisfazione nasce quando vengono risolti i problemi,  sia tramite email che tramite chat ed infine la gente ti ringrazia come se sei stata la persona pi\u00f9 grande del mondo . ", " Great because I was able to utilize my IT skills and also attend to customers.  Great benefits and pay.  I would love to work there again. ", " Travailler chez Apple est vraiment g\u00e9niale pour se developper humainement mais le manque de poste \u00e9volutif fait d\u00e9faut. ", " \u516c\u53f8\u4f18\u70b9\uff1a \u6ce8\u91cd\u5ba2\u6237\u6ee1\u610f\u5ea6\uff0c\u5de5\u4f5c\u6c1b\u56f4\u597d\u3002 \u516c\u53f8\u7f3a\u70b9\uff1a \u5de5\u4f5c\u5f3a\u5ea6\u5927\uff0c\u52a0\u73ed\u5f88\u591a\u52a0\u73ed\u3002 \u610f\u89c1\u548c\u5efa\u8bae\uff1a \u5e94\u8be5\u6ce8\u91cd\u5458\u5de5\u53d1\u5c55\uff0c\u804c\u4e1a\u89c4\u5212\u3002 ", " Geweldig bedrijf met goede werkomgeving, goede arbeidsvoorwaarden en ontwikkelingsmogelijkheden ", " tutte le aziende dovrebbero essere cosi' . mi ha insegnato a relazionarmi con i clienti, a capire i loro bisogni e le loro peculiarit\u00e0 senza asfissiare. i manager hanno un approccio informale ,\u00e8 una azienda orizzontale. il lavoratore viene visto come un cliente interno da coccolare per renderlo piu' produttivo e sereno sul posto di lavoro! ", " Ho imparato a lavorare in un fantastico team, sono una persona molto solare ma soprattutto molto socievole,quindi andavo daccordo con tutti.  Riuscivo ad istaurare un reciproco rapporto di fiducia con il cliete e questo era visibile quando tornava in Store e mi cercava sorridendo. ", " A lideran\u00e7a da empresa no mercado com produtos inovadores \u00e9 refletida no ambiente de trabalho e clima organizacional. Gest\u00e3o de pessoas e bons benef\u00edcios s\u00e3o pontos fortes. ", " Pretendo alcan\u00e7ar uma semana de testes para adquirir a aprova\u00e7\u00e3o na empresa e  conseguir um estagio pela minha idade e pretendo desenvolver aplicativos ou testar , tamb\u00e9m saber um pouco da rotina da empresa ser amig\u00e1vel e atencioso. ", " Era un posto di lavoro molto stimolante , normalmente dovevi aiutare i clienti a trovare i prodotti che pi\u00f9 potevano esserli utili per la vita lavorativa o comunque privata. I colleghi erano preziosi all'interno del lavoro quando eri in difficolt\u00e0 ti aiutavano e davano spiegazioni per continuare al meglio il lavoro che stavi svolgendo . Non c'erano parti difficili nel lavoro , basta ascoltare buttarsi sbagliare e rincominciare da capo quello che stavi facendo , prendendo gli errori come spunti per migliorarsi sempre. ", " \u25cf\u5178\u578b\u7684\u306a1\u65e5  10:00~19:00 12:00~21:00 \u5e97\u8217\u3067\u306e\u63a5\u5ba2  \u25cf\u5b66\u3093\u3060\u3053\u3068 Apple\u88fd\u54c1\u306b\u3064\u3044\u3066\u306e\u77e5\u8b58\u3001\u63a5\u5ba2\u30b9\u30ad\u30eb \u30b3\u30fc\u30c1\u30f3\u30b0 ", " Trabajar en Apple me ha ense\u00f1ado el trabajo de ventas adem\u00e1s de perfeccionar mi ingl\u00e9s, ha sido una muy buena experiencia ", " el dia a dia en una tienda de apple es muy versatil desde cuestiones t\u00e9cnicas, ventas a minoristas y a grandes empresas. ", " parfais, le management es super, par contre les possibilit\u00e9s d'\u00e9volution de carri\u00e8re sont tr\u00e8s minces du a la concurrence ", " impresa leader nel settore con possibilita di crescita nel mercato informatico internazionale. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " \u00e9 um dia agrad\u00e1vel, sem conflitos, aprendendo v\u00e1rias coisas novas para ter um maior conhecimento das coisas, tendo uma boa rela\u00e7\u00e3o com todos os colegas de trabalho e com a ger\u00eancia, para mim nada \u00e9 dif\u00edcil eu consigo facilmente adequar-me ao trabalho que me \u00e9 dado ", " bonne \u00e9coute mais petit souci au niveau de la confidentialit\u00e9 sur mon dossier m\u00e9dical ", " La journ\u00e9e de travail typique \u00e9tait de recevoir les appels des clients et de les aider \u00e0 utiliser ses produits Relations avec la client\u00e8le par t\u00e9l\u00e9phone et r\u00e9solution des probl\u00e8mes. Maintenir un niveau de attention au client \u00e9lev\u00e9. Vente de services suppl\u00e9mentaire. ", " Als Mitarbeiter steht man hier immer an 1. Stelle, Weiterbildung, Teammotivation werden gro\u00df geschrieben. Man hat t\u00e4glich die M\u00f6glichkeit seinen Alltag selbst zu bestimmen, sein Arbeitspensum selbst fest zu legen. ", " J'ai d\u00e9couvert un m\u00e9tier qui m'\u00e9tait inconnu celui de repr\u00e9sentant merchandising. C'est un m\u00e9tier dans lequel je me suis r\u00e9adapt\u00e9 rapidement car le relationnel et la n\u00e9gociation sont pour moi une vrai force. ", " LUGAR FANT\u00c1STICO DE SE TRABALHAR, DIN\u00c2MICO, \u00d3TIMO SAL\u00c1RIO, PRODUTO MARAVILHOSO ", " Adorei trabalhar na Apple, ela foi de suma import\u00e2ncia no meu crescimento e pessoal e nas minhas habilidades, por exemplo, o ingl\u00eas. Por ser extrovertido, meu relacionamento foi \u00f3timo com os colaboradoras e ger\u00eancia. ", " Se crea un muy buen ambiente laboral, las exigencias son altas y deben ser realizadas al pie de la letra. A diario en la sala de venta se deben aprender cosas nuevas e ir mejorando de manera constante. ", " Travailler chez Apple est vraiment g\u00e9niale pour se developper humainement mais le manque de poste \u00e9volutif fait d\u00e9faut. ", " Environnement de travail stimulant Opportunit\u00e9s de d\u00e9veloppement Management en accord avec l'esprit de l'entreprise Collaborateurs avec une grande capacit\u00e9 \u00e0 travailler en \u00e9quipe ", " Het repareren van Apple laptops. Servers installeren. Netwerk opbouwen. Netwerk beveiligen. Het problemen oplossen van Hardware en software. Het instaleren van Mac Os. Het herstellen van iPod,s, Iphone,s, Ipad,s. ", " Empresa muito din\u00e2mica, que tem na sua \u00e1rea de cria\u00e7\u00e3o o maior diferencial.  Focada em inova\u00e7\u00e3o, renovou o mercado mundial de computadores por mais de 2 vezes. ", " Geweldig bedrijf met goede werkomgeving, goede arbeidsvoorwaarden en ontwikkelingsmogelijkheden ", " A Apple \u00e9 uma empresa altamente organizada! Uma oportunidade e experi\u00eancia \u00fanica. Ap\u00f3s trabalhar em uma empresa como a Apple, me sinto preparada para qualquer desafio. ", " el dia a dia en una tienda de apple es muy versatil desde cuestiones t\u00e9cnicas, ventas a minoristas y a grandes empresas. ", " Great because I was able to utilize my IT skills and also attend to customers.  Great benefits and pay.  I would love to work there again. ", " APREND\u00cd MUCHO SOBRE SU TECNOLOG\u00cdA MOTIVANDO A CADA UNO POR LOS LOGROS QUE TEN\u00cdAN Y AYUDANDO A COMPRENDER SUS PRODUCTOS FACILITANDO TODO SOBRE LA MARCA ", " Excellente entreprise Possibilit\u00e9 d'allier vie professionnelle et vie priv\u00e9e ", " Trabajar en Apple me ha ense\u00f1ado el trabajo de ventas adem\u00e1s de perfeccionar mi ingl\u00e9s, ha sido una muy buena experiencia ", " Una experi\u00e8ncia realmente unica, muy buenos compa\u00f1eros, muy buen ambiente de trabajo. Un \"estres\" debido a su afluencia de gente, per\u00f2 nada que no se pudiera soportar. "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. ", " Bei Apple lernt man jeden Tag etwas neues dazu. Jeder Kunde ist individuell. Deshalb macht es sehr Spa\u00df f\u00fcr Apple zu arbeiten. ", " Muy buen ambiente. Por contrato de privacidad no puedo explicar como funciona la empresa ni que me motiva de ella. ", " Anrufe entgegennehmen den Kunden helfen zu viele Richtlinien  zu viele Regeln ", " impresa leader nel settore con possibilita di crescita nel mercato informatico internazionale. ", " parfais, le management es super, par contre les possibilit\u00e9s d'\u00e9volution de carri\u00e8re sont tr\u00e8s minces du a la concurrence ", " Great because I was able to utilize my IT skills and also attend to customers.  Great benefits and pay.  I would love to work there again. ", " \u96fb\u8a71\u306e\u5fdc\u5bfe\u3001\u63a5\u5ba2\u3001\u8cc7\u6599\u4f5c\u6210\u3001cad(\u30c8\u30ec\u30fc\u30b9)  \u601d\u3044\u3084\u308a\u3068\u7b11\u9854\u3002\u7537\u6027\u304c\u591a\u3044\u306e\u3067\u3001\u548c\u6c17\u85f9\u3005\u3068\u51fa\u6765\u307e\u3057\u305f\u3002  \u696d\u8005\u3068\u306e\u6253\u3061\u5408\u308f\u305b\u304c\u5927\u5909\u3067\u3057\u305f\u3002  \u8272\u3093\u306a\u696d\u8005\u3055\u3093\u304c\u3001\u51fa\u5165\u308a\u3055\u308c\u308b\u306e\u3067\u697d\u3057\u304f\u4ef2\u826f\u304f\u306a\u308c\u3066\u3001\u8a71\u3082\u3088\u304f\u3057\u307e\u3057\u305f\u3002 ", " Veel lol, elke dag is anders. Begint met een briefing en eindigd met erkenning ", " Ich k\u00fcmmere mich haupts\u00e4chlich um Training One to One, Workshops &amp; Personal Projects f\u00fcr Unternehmen und Privatpersonen. ", " La qualit\u00e9 de formation Apple, grande ind\u00e9pendance mais possibilit\u00e9s d'\u00e9volution de carri\u00e8re un peu limit\u00e9es. ", " Excellente entreprise o\u00f9 l'on apprend beaucoup sur les autres et sur soi. ", " En arbetsplats som tar v\u00e4l hand om sin personal. Utbildar, tr\u00e4nar och uppmuntrar en v\u00e4lm\u00e5ende livsstil. ", " Le salaire n'est pas tr\u00e8s motivant, mais c'est un r\u00e9el plaisir d'avoir pu rejoindre une grande entreprise comme celle-ci ", " \u25cf\u5178\u578b\u7684\u306a1\u65e5  10:00~19:00 12:00~21:00 \u5e97\u8217\u3067\u306e\u63a5\u5ba2  \u25cf\u5b66\u3093\u3060\u3053\u3068 Apple\u88fd\u54c1\u306b\u3064\u3044\u3066\u306e\u77e5\u8b58\u3001\u63a5\u5ba2\u30b9\u30ad\u30eb \u30b3\u30fc\u30c1\u30f3\u30b0 ", " Suche Erfahrungen in anderen Bereichen. Eine gute Erfahrung in einem modernen Umfeld. ", " Ein typisches Einzelhandelsunternehmen welches auch seine Ziele verfolgt. ", " te muestran habilidades de desarrolo en piso de ventas, resultados de cada tienda ", " \u516c\u53f8\u4f18\u70b9\uff1a \u6ce8\u91cd\u5ba2\u6237\u6ee1\u610f\u5ea6\uff0c\u5de5\u4f5c\u6c1b\u56f4\u597d\u3002 \u516c\u53f8\u7f3a\u70b9\uff1a \u5de5\u4f5c\u5f3a\u5ea6\u5927\uff0c\u52a0\u73ed\u5f88\u591a\u52a0\u73ed\u3002 \u610f\u89c1\u548c\u5efa\u8bae\uff1a \u5e94\u8be5\u6ce8\u91cd\u5458\u5de5\u53d1\u5c55\uff0c\u804c\u4e1a\u89c4\u5212\u3002 ", " Ce n'\u00e9tait pas mon orientation favorite. Le cadre de travail ne m'\u00e9tait pas ad\u00e9quat. ", " \u4ece\u65e9\u4e0a9:00\u5de6\u53f3\uff0c\u6211\u4eec\u4e24\u4eba\u548cTOM\u7b49\u4eba\u4e00\u8d77\u5b89\u88c5\u7ebf\u8def\u3002\u8fd8\u662f\u6bcf\u5929\u91cd\u590d\u540c\u6837\u7684\u6d3b\u3002\u5de5\u4f5c\u4e2d\u6700\u6709\u8da3\u7684\u662f\u548cTOM\u4ea4\u6d41\u7f8e\u56fd\u751f\u6d3b\u3002 "], [" The skills I\u2019ve gained while working in Apple are truly invaluable. I\u2019m extremely grateful for the support from the company has given me since my very first day. "]]