[[" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Healthy Environment, Welcoming colleagues, Fun to work kinda place, work life balance if quite ok when compare to other companies. Salary structures are also quite good. ", " One is responsible for only Client calls and no other co-curricular activities. Job becomes monotonous as Client sees Consultant as their only tool for all solutions ", " EY has a super work culture and is very very distinct. Everyone working at EY have a different level of skill set and it is great to work with such people. ", " Productive workplace, helps to learned new things and corporate culture, helps to improve technical knowledge, provide appreciable salary for a fresher and other benefits ", " EY is a pure consulting organization where you will be sent to the client location on day one and expected to manage on your own. This gives you the sense of responsibility even on day 1. Long hours but people can be finest consultants working here. ", " A good place to work for. Work place culture is good and lively. Work pressure is slightly high and monotonous. otherwise its a very good place to work for. ", " EY is a very good firm to work. There is a good work environment. They also give importance to work life balance. They conduct a lot of activities in the office and thus help in easing the work pressure. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job was the work culture, people around, management.... Recruitment managers were Very helpful and friendly, made us always feel very comfortable. ", " Its a good company to start as a fresher. Would recommend to all freshers.  A good learning experience to groom my future and handle works in a professional way. ", " Work place culture at EY is very friendly, adjusting and comfortable. Good management, helpful colleagues and scope for growth are just a few things that make working there an attractive option. ", " A great place to work and develop your skills. Good work life balance. EY's values and culture encourages employees to pursue their dreams and opportunities and creates a platform to do so. ", " Work life balance is good. No strict timings in and out. I learnt a lot on having a happy workplace from here. Cool work environment. I work in bangalore office. commutation was a problem for me. That was because of the traffic and nothing to do with EY. ", " Never go to the GSG team every day extending for 2hours without any extra benefits,   Join other teams good company lot to learn and good salary promotion depends on external client. ", " Great place to work, work life balance, great work culture, free to share thought and have healthy debates across table, overall it is nice to work and have fun at work place ", " Ernst and Young is one of the best companies to work with. The company promotes work life balance and has a great culture. It is a great place to start your career with. ", " Work is good if you have a good team. I learned to multitask. Management is good but the manager has to understand what employee wants from them.  Work culture not bad. Too much of training modules which make employee frustrating Leaving office on time, which has never happend. . ", " Project Management, Team Handling, Business Development, Client Servicing,  The workplace culture is really good. Business growth is the god part in the organization ", " Good place &amp; brand to start your career. Management is very sound and clear vision/mission i.e. for eg: Vision 2020 Challenge to survive in Big 4's if you're not Qualified. Experience &amp; Knowledge doesn't matter. Upgraded my skill set in terms of working in a team, learning people Management skills and others. ", " Overall 1.8 Years of experience in managing Australian Tax Content process in Ernst and Young in a role of  Advanced Associate with excellent communication skill. I have gained extensive experience in managing Australian Tax Content People Advisory group and managed /lead several mail boxes like Sydney, Perth, Melbourne for several Fortune 500 Companies which include World\u2019s top most multibillion IT firms. ", " EY is good place to work. It is because of the work culture which make EY a better place to work. EY specially focus on providing training to enhance our knowledge and helps us grow in the organization. The hardest part is being working in Night Shift. It is really difficult to strike a balance between professional and personal life and also facing health issues. The most important thing about EY is the people around me are very fun loving and helps each other and that's made me to love working even in the night shifts and feel proud about EY. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " I am in Statutory Audit department of Ernst and Young. The company provides very good exposure. The clientele of the company is very good and work culture is also good. In audit department you are required to meet new people which is the best part of the job. To me overall company is very good in terms of growth, learning, client exposure and work culture. ", " Good place to work only problem is salary hike will be less as compared to BIG 4. Manager plays a big role in it, if your manager is good then you will good hike. ", " Org is highly process oriented, which is cumbersome. Highly competitive environment. Adapt or perish. With a lot of hard work and perseverance, there is future and growth in the organization. Work life balance and pay, though, will take a back seat. ", " Great learning experience, it teaches you to be the best competitive atmosphere.  Lot of pressure during certain seasons - survival of the fittest Best pay in the market good client facing exposure work life balance has to improve ", " EY was the First Company which came for recruitment when i was in my 3rd year of bachelors in commerce and the moment i attended their seminar i was eager to join this amazing firm and hence i sat for  the recruitment process and it took almost 1.5 months for the whole recruitment process to take place.  I was fortunate enough to get a job before finishing my bachelors and after doing that  within a month i started working with the firm after getting all the suitable training required to perform the job, EY has a very friendly and  supportive environment where anyone can ask anything and people are always there for help.   EY gave me a great learning Experience by transforming me from a student into a Tax Professional by Providing all necessary support required and will always be a very special Place for me. ", " I had a nice experience working at EY. It has a nice work culture and a perfect place to start the career. Leadership is always willing to help you whenever needed. ", " I started working here as a Analyst in Risk advisory with such an enthusiasm but in the next 10 days it was all gone. They make you work like 16-17 hours a day and will still scold you if something is not ye completed. The managers don't bother at the initial stage of the audit and later they start scolding you for not completing things at time. ", " One of the best company to work with have acquired and gained lot of knowledge from E&amp;Y.Got Opportunity to travel for Transition of several clients project.Received Multiple awards. ", " It was a very good learning experience for me. Though there is strong presence of office politics, performance can get you ahead.I spent only two months in EY, but even in this limited time span I was given lot of responsibilities and hence the learning was immense. ", " My days at EY were challenging as well as highly learning. It gives you the best resources to work with and expects the best result from you in return. ", " EY provides immense opportunities to enhance your knowledge. There is an open communication channels and freedom to experiment.The working hours are very taxing though. ", " Very competitive and challenging environment. Offers lots of opportunities for personal and career development.  Opportunities to embrace leadership roles even at young ages. ", " No work-life balance. Work culture is bad , People don't tend to socialize much . Client facing role. High quality of work and good chances of growth. Lot of scope for learning. ", " Good clientele and Project   Pay not in direct proportion to the work extracted  Tight deadlines Long work hours  Work may extend into weekends Lack of clarity in Bonus ratings and promotions Lack of Recognition ", " The workplace environment is vibrant and fun. The colleagues are friendly and there is flexibility. There is scope for career growth and an option to change departments after a selected period. Overall its great. ", " Since joined i have learned so many thing, which are really gonna help me in my life. Managment  and working enviroment is realy good. I realy enjoyed working with EY. ", " Its a great experience to work with EY. Good job, proper work life balance, handsome salary, very good yearly hike plus performance bonus. You get lot of things to learn apart from your routine job. The management very supportive and we have a very good culture at work place ", " . Learnt to interact within the corporate environment, worked on new softwares and learnt new aspect of Audit. . Friendly environment along with fun filled activities. . Delivering work within tight time schedules. . The most enjoyable part of job was learning something new everyday. ", " It is a great organisation to work in. It instills discipline and a positive attitude in you. Apart from work, there are fun activities at work. Most occasions are celebrated with participation from the entire team. ", " The company is very good for an experienced person especially the department of Data and Analytics . But if we compare the remuneration with other companies it is very low "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " EY has a brand never seizes to grow however the people part of the EY team fail to keep up the good name.  People driven parameters are poor and brand driven metrics are a good thing.   It was a comfortable place to work in and great work life balance. Besides that the growth, people and management was a thumbs down. ", " Work culture is really nice. People are very supportive. Lot of opportunity at work place. There is lot of opportunity at work which will be given and you can gain out of the same if you take up the challenge and perform well ", " Very competitive and challenging environment. Offers lots of opportunities for personal and career development.  Opportunities to embrace leadership roles even at young ages. ", " good company with bad management ,taking care for the peoples  who are dumb. lack of sensitivity  towards hard working and dedication peoples ", " Amazing place to work with excellent flexibility. Salary may not be great but benefits are amazing. Youtube, Facebook and other social media sites are blocked which is good, the sole purpose is to concentrate on work and complete the same on time. Overall a very productive environment to work and lot of things to learn. If you work at EY, you will learn how to work independently and  stay a step ahead in every thing every time. Excellent, dynamic, robust, friendly and highly productive work environment. Among the Big 4's, EY is probably the best place to start your career with. ", " Work Life Balance is good. Year End Breaks are available Good People and Culture A great place to start your career A lot of client facing projects Career Growth is good. Lot of Technical and Non Technical training's are conducted ", " Excellent place to work for. It has been 5 long years I have been working in this firm. Started my career as as an Associate and then got promoted over the years from Advance Associate to a Senior Associate and finally becoming a team lead last year. Learnt a lot of people as well as Time Management skills. Looking forward to venture out other opportunities. ", " Work culture at EY was one of a kind i had not experienced before when I was a intern at a bank. The company wanted employees to be able to take up any challenge thrown at them and complete support was provided for the development of any employee with the skills they are required to successfully complete the task provided. ", " Great company to work for and great work life balance. Great chance to learn and grow your career.  Great co-workers and management, very friendly. ", " I would really recommend my friends to join EY the management and the Partners are good  Offsite and many things are there to learn and grow for eg. Webcast ", " Did my internship where i learned a lot on how to manage people as i worked in Human Resource Department. Would love to work for this company. Salary structure is also nice. ", " Org is highly process oriented, which is cumbersome. Highly competitive environment. Adapt or perish. With a lot of hard work and perseverance, there is future and growth in the organization. Work life balance and pay, though, will take a back seat. ", " -I was managing many mailboxes where we received 600-800 emails on tax return queries, reports(excel), tools etc. Analyzing the emails,responding to them, allotting emails to the team members, making sure all are completed by EOD.  - Learnt how to manage the team of 8, motivate and help them to learn to grow. Managing clients, right way to speak, write emails and prepare presentations. Training new hires on process. Every day was a learning as we dealt with different type of emails each day. - Workplace culture is friendly , motivating, full of energy. They listen to your ideas and encourage you to think differently. -Hardest part was as EY was newly set up in Chennai, had to work late night. - Best part was working with the team and motivating them. Taking training. ", " Working with EY has helped me in my overall personality development. The robust training programs in EY helps employees in every aspect of their work life. The annual offsite, trainings, etc  which EY organises for its employees is the most enjoyable part of the job which helps you to network with different people from various teams and departments. I had the most cordial co-workers in EY.   I would rate my overall experience in EY as 9 on a scale of 10. ", " Good exposure Good work culture Good work life balance Good facilities Good projects Good opportunities Good management Good work timings ", " EY is good place to work. It is because of the work culture which make EY a better place to work. EY specially focus on providing training to enhance our knowledge and helps us grow in the organization. The hardest part is being working in Night Shift. It is really difficult to strike a balance between professional and personal life and also facing health issues. The most important thing about EY is the people around me are very fun loving and helps each other and that's made me to love working even in the night shifts and feel proud about EY. ", " Being a big4 company, you can't expect everyday to be leisurely ! Of course its gonna hectic on most of the days, but the learning scope is so high !   I had zero experience in the domain that I was working for, but I had learnt so much both in the technical and the management side. It was a really good experience for me.  The biggest ever advantage is that you get to travel a LOT ! ", " A great place to work and develop your skills. Good work life balance. EY's values and culture encourages employees to pursue their dreams and opportunities and creates a platform to do so. ", " Good for Freshers, Decent hike and travel opportunities are high  Big four culture, Fabulous people , good and proactive management ", " Typical day at work is everyday because we were handling very critical activity of the company that is payments. Manual invoice generation without any supporting documents and processing different currency payment in the bank system. EY has got very good Management especially our director Deepak Tolani. Co-workers are not that knowledgeable but still they are good at work. Following up with the partners to obtain approval to dispatch the invoice across the country and Processing cross currency payments. Bank Reconciliations is the most enjoyable part of our job. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Day starts with work learnt lot of thing related to Indirect Tax, Management it is better, co workers are helpful only when you approach them no voluntary help, timing is really worse, outing and L&amp;D ", " I joined EY 10 years back as a Junior associate and over the years, I have grown and learnt a lot from this company and still continue to do so. Even after 10 years, I never felt bored going to work and this shows how unique EY is in giving continuous growth prospects and challenges to a person to develop in their career. ", " Nice place to work, nice increments everything depends on the team you are joining  , work life balance is there . Prefer to join client facing team work would be more , this will be matched by good increments and promotions ", " Good place &amp; brand to start your career. Management is very sound and clear vision/mission i.e. for eg: Vision 2020 Challenge to survive in Big 4's if you're not Qualified. Experience &amp; Knowledge doesn't matter. Upgraded my skill set in terms of working in a team, learning people Management skills and others. ", " Learn and enhance skills Less work and personal life balance Helpful colleagues Approachable senior management Opportunity to work with different people and different projects ", " Great learning experience, it teaches you to be the best competitive atmosphere.  Lot of pressure during certain seasons - survival of the fittest Best pay in the market good client facing exposure work life balance has to improve ", " EY Mumbai, is one of the most professional and dynamic work place. Great learning curve and professionalism. Lots f work and camaraderie. Best of the lot. ", " No work-life balance. Work culture is bad , People don't tend to socialize much . Client facing role. High quality of work and good chances of growth. Lot of scope for learning. ", " Excellent learning, career growth, knowledge, industry focus, good job, account management, good work culture, global exposure ", " Its a great experience overall working with EY. Learned many things as in how to balance personal and professional life, how a professional should be in office hours, and how well the work is done with quality and timely manner. While working we train new pals and also get trained for upcoming project. Quality in everything we do is what I learnt from EY and give your exceptional client service so you get extra milers. ", " EY was the First Company which came for recruitment when i was in my 3rd year of bachelors in commerce and the moment i attended their seminar i was eager to join this amazing firm and hence i sat for  the recruitment process and it took almost 1.5 months for the whole recruitment process to take place.  I was fortunate enough to get a job before finishing my bachelors and after doing that  within a month i started working with the firm after getting all the suitable training required to perform the job, EY has a very friendly and  supportive environment where anyone can ask anything and people are always there for help.   EY gave me a great learning Experience by transforming me from a student into a Tax Professional by Providing all necessary support required and will always be a very special Place for me. ", " Working with EY has been very helpful to build my career. I could not think of a better place than EY.  As it is one of the Big Four, it does make me feel proud that i was a part of it.  EY is employee focused and provides a good work culture with supporting people to work with. ", " It is a wonderful company to work for. Awesome workplace culture and work life balance. Continuous on the job training and challenging opportunities to excel. ", " A good organisation which gives you freedom of taking decision. Client interaction is high, learned client management and how to manage project effectively and efficiently.  Co-workers are great to work with and  its a learning experience from peers.Clients are often very demanding so at times it becomes difficult to manage work life balance. ", " Its a fun place to work for people who are ambitious and know their end goals. Very competitive environment you have to keep giving more than 100% to match your peers and to keep moving forward. ", " As you can read my rating above. Great Work Culture, Amazing People, Lots to learn, Very Big Brand, Bad Work-Life Balance. Talent should be considered on its role and respective projects should be given. ", " Very good firm to start off your career. You will build your technical and communication skills in efficient and effective manner. ", " Very good work culture and people have the positive attitude towards work. Colleagues are very helpful and encouraging. I learnt various aspects of job such as providing due diligence, attention to details, time management and how to deliver extraordinary customer services which is a part of EY Vision 2020. ", " My experience at EY was good and I learned a lot about corporate life. It is a huge firms with many employees at the same level, and thus, most of them do the same work with few challenges and experiments. Everything is done in a fixed manner which is good and bad both as there is less room for new ideas and advancements. Nevertheless, EY is big brand and a big step forward in my career path. ", " I have been able to implicate my education skills which was learnt as theory to be piratically applied in this company, I have been a part of various projects like FATCA and CDOT reporting, GTAC Global tool for acceptance and compliance. the management have been very supportive. the only challenge would be the busy season as it was a first time experience it went well and passed smoothly though. the most enjoyable part of the job were the various opportunities given to us to learn a lot of new things. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Management highly Cooperative always encouraging the team with proper way to achieve the targets. Best place for job security.excellent principles for employees. ", " I joined EY 10 years back as a Junior associate and over the years, I have grown and learnt a lot from this company and still continue to do so. Even after 10 years, I never felt bored going to work and this shows how unique EY is in giving continuous growth prospects and challenges to a person to develop in their career. ", " Its a great experience overall working with EY. Learned many things as in how to balance personal and professional life, how a professional should be in office hours, and how well the work is done with quality and timely manner. While working we train new pals and also get trained for upcoming project. Quality in everything we do is what I learnt from EY and give your exceptional client service so you get extra milers. ", " EY provides ample opportunity to learn continuously and develop, a place to work along with fun. I have learnt about the job culture and the quality to value time here. People here are cooperative and management gives ample opportunities to people with enthusiasm to grow within the firm. The firm recognizes the efforts of the individuals by rewarding them. ", " EY provides a highly interactive, energetic and challenging working environment. The management is very supportive and provide plenty of guidance. They do have long working hours but the level of experience gained is high. Overall, EY is definitely one of the best places to build your career. ", " Working with EY has helped me in my overall personality development. The robust training programs in EY helps employees in every aspect of their work life. The annual offsite, trainings, etc  which EY organises for its employees is the most enjoyable part of the job which helps you to network with different people from various teams and departments. I had the most cordial co-workers in EY.   I would rate my overall experience in EY as 9 on a scale of 10. ", " I have been able to implicate my education skills which was learnt as theory to be piratically applied in this company, I have been a part of various projects like FATCA and CDOT reporting, GTAC Global tool for acceptance and compliance. the management have been very supportive. the only challenge would be the busy season as it was a first time experience it went well and passed smoothly though. the most enjoyable part of the job were the various opportunities given to us to learn a lot of new things. ", " EY is a great and fun place to work and start your career. It provides you the chance to learn and grow in your field. Management and co-workers are always available to help and guide you. ", " Good people to work with. Work culture was very good. Work life balancing was very attactive. Peers were very very supportive. Issues were addressed in real time. ", " Good experience and a great brand name to start your career. Work life balance is slightly poor because of work overload. Overall a good work experience. ", " It was learning and good. Work life balance with handsome salary in hand. Cooperative management. Co workers were helpful and the seniors were supportive, The pressure at peak was effectively managed and team work proved to be very fruitful. ", " My experience at EY was good and I learned a lot about corporate life. It is a huge firms with many employees at the same level, and thus, most of them do the same work with few challenges and experiments. Everything is done in a fixed manner which is good and bad both as there is less room for new ideas and advancements. Nevertheless, EY is big brand and a big step forward in my career path. ", " EnY was a two year journey that I enjoyed!  My typical day at work on a regular (not season time) would start at 9.30 am and finish at 6 pm.  I have learnt many things - MS Excel, people management, time management, scheduling, reporting and email writing.  Co-workers were a brilliant support system.  Long hours during the season was the hardest part of my job.  The people and employee treated as king/queen was the enjoyable part of my job. ", " It was a very good learning experience for me. Though there is strong presence of office politics, performance can get you ahead.I spent only two months in EY, but even in this limited time span I was given lot of responsibilities and hence the learning was immense. ", " Employee Friendly. It's a huge firm with good work culture and working environment. Organization provides good facilities to employees. Best part is the firm has a great recognition not only on India but Globally which can give an employee a great opportunity for future growth. ", " good company with bad management ,taking care for the peoples  who are dumb. lack of sensitivity  towards hard working and dedication peoples ", " Work environment is very pleasant with minimal politics. Lot of locations opening up which opens  tremendous travel opportunities.Pay is very good beyond Senior level especially if you are a lateral hire. ", " The project i was being chosen for was a new project and was being handled for the first time by the management of EY... It was a good learning experience however sufficient information was not being provided which would have helped in working and delivering better results. ", " EY is one the best companies to work.It gives a wide range of opportunities to work and grow. The work culture is also good with best learning environment ", " I am in Statutory Audit department of Ernst and Young. The company provides very good exposure. The clientele of the company is very good and work culture is also good. In audit department you are required to meet new people which is the best part of the job. To me overall company is very good in terms of growth, learning, client exposure and work culture. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Good place to work with. Easy accessibility of senior leadership. Very process driven. Not the market leader in terms of compensation. ", " EY provides a highly interactive, energetic and challenging working environment. The management is very supportive and provide plenty of guidance. They do have long working hours but the level of experience gained is high. Overall, EY is definitely one of the best places to build your career. ", " EY has a super work culture and is very very distinct. Everyone working at EY have a different level of skill set and it is great to work with such people. ", " Its a fun place to work where life is in balance.Very much satisfied with the work culture and management.I have never felt the pressure of working in a MNC.Everything is properly managed. ", " EY has been a great firm to start off my career. It has provided me various opportunities to learn and develop different skill sets along with managing projects independently. ", " Great Salary &amp; benefits Travel involved to client site. Opportunity to work on multiple technologies. Limited onsite roles. Zero Work from home, but work is interesting and Development and learning scope are ample. ", " As you can read my rating above. Great Work Culture, Amazing People, Lots to learn, Very Big Brand, Bad Work-Life Balance. Talent should be considered on its role and respective projects should be given. ", " Nice company to work with. Bad in work life balance. Had a good working experience and enjoyed working with the firm. work cultiure is good in the company and offisites are the best part of the company. ", " Never go to the GSG team every day extending for 2hours without any extra benefits,   Join other teams good company lot to learn and good salary promotion depends on external client. ", " Day starts with work learnt lot of thing related to Indirect Tax, Management it is better, co workers are helpful only when you approach them no voluntary help, timing is really worse, outing and L&amp;D ", " interned here, received an impactful internship, people are welcoming, open office layout, manager was helpful and trained me properly and took my thoughts into consideration ", " Good place to learn at beginning of your career. Compensation and work life balance requires serious improvement.  Retention of bonus for employees on notice period is a bad practice. ", " Lots of work with quite less pay. Seniors are too rude and quite dominating. They do not listen to the problems and throw excessive work into the plate of the associates and the advanced associates. ", " EY is a very good firm to work. There is a good work environment. They also give importance to work life balance. They conduct a lot of activities in the office and thus help in easing the work pressure. ", " It was an amazing 3 year journey. I wish I could continue to work there but due to some unavoidable situations had to take a break.looking forward to work with them again. ", " Learn and enhance skills Less work and personal life balance Helpful colleagues Approachable senior management Opportunity to work with different people and different projects ", " EY is a place where you get to meet many people and work with the biggest clients in any sector. Training is given a lot of focus and presentation skills are stressed upon. ", " Every day working with Ernst and Yong means learning something new and exciting. There are various other initiatives for work recognition and performance. ", " EY Mumbai, is one of the most professional and dynamic work place. Great learning curve and professionalism. Lots f work and camaraderie. Best of the lot. ", " Best company i have worked for, One of the world's best employers.I  learned lot from my work experience in both personal and professional level. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Work in Telecom Risk Advisory team is hectic but rewarding. Team gives you travel related assignment across the world. Good Learning experience overall ", " I am in Statutory Audit department of Ernst and Young. The company provides very good exposure. The clientele of the company is very good and work culture is also good. In audit department you are required to meet new people which is the best part of the job. To me overall company is very good in terms of growth, learning, client exposure and work culture. ", " Employee Friendly. It's a huge firm with good work culture and working environment. Organization provides good facilities to employees. Best part is the firm has a great recognition not only on India but Globally which can give an employee a great opportunity for future growth. ", " The workplace environment is vibrant and fun. The colleagues are friendly and there is flexibility. There is scope for career growth and an option to change departments after a selected period. Overall its great. ", " So far I have learnt a lot in EY. As a team member, it taught how better team work can give best results. At the same time I learnt how to be good leader and lloking at the big picture. ", " It was a very good learning experience for me. Though there is strong presence of office politics, performance can get you ahead.I spent only two months in EY, but even in this limited time span I was given lot of responsibilities and hence the learning was immense. ", " a typical day at work what I learned management workplace culture hardest part of job most enjoyable part of job Do not include confidential company information ", " Good place to work, flexibility in working for work life balance. Having multiple service line with ease to choose one based on one skill set and desire. ", " Very good place to apply what you have learned. Working with the best in the industry Requires long travel hours to clients place ", " EY by the nature of its business is a dynamic workplace which  provide opportunities to employees at every level within the organisation. It is a melting pot of people with diverse skill sets and personalities at the same time with commonalities in their work ethics and motivation which keeps the employees well bonded and so easily relatable. ", " Organisation with learning path towards Guidewire Products (Claim center, Policy Center)  Good Place with Work Life Balance  Client Interaction ", " Work environment is very pleasant with minimal politics. Lot of locations opening up which opens  tremendous travel opportunities.Pay is very good beyond Senior level especially if you are a lateral hire. ", " EY GSS is a good workspace for freshers. Mine was a contractual position for 3 months.Friendly co-workers, awesome infrastructure. ", " Having worked in three of the big 4, I have come to appreciate EY for a very professional and client focused approach. Systems in EY turn you into an astute professional always looking to help clients and to expand. If one is looking for an easy life - this may not be the right place. ", " Got to learn many new things into technical field. Had develop the ability of team management and how to develop professional relationship with your colleagues. ", " Overall 1.8 Years of experience in managing Australian Tax Content process in Ernst and Young in a role of  Advanced Associate with excellent communication skill. I have gained extensive experience in managing Australian Tax Content People Advisory group and managed /lead several mail boxes like Sydney, Perth, Melbourne for several Fortune 500 Companies which include World\u2019s top most multibillion IT firms. ", " EY is a nice place to work. It provides work life balance. Work pressure is something common in professional areas but the tactful management provides an environment which is lesser in comparison.  The most enjoyable part of the JOB is no matter what is the situation if you are talented we will get an opportunity ", " Work/Life Balance is excellent. Remote login facility. Office environment, Fun activities by HR. Challenging Job roles. ", " EnY was a two year journey that I enjoyed!  My typical day at work on a regular (not season time) would start at 9.30 am and finish at 6 pm.  I have learnt many things - MS Excel, people management, time management, scheduling, reporting and email writing.  Co-workers were a brilliant support system.  Long hours during the season was the hardest part of my job.  The people and employee treated as king/queen was the enjoyable part of my job. ", " A place where one can learn and grow and yet enjoy his personal life. Client facing exposure gives the confident and extreme learning time and opportunity with great support from management and seniors "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " it is a great place to work and offers a good learning and grow one as a corporate professional. If u want work life balance, it is definitely ypur option ", " Opportunity to learn and excel in your own ability is appreciated  work culture is at its best  Team building and lot of motivation from the Mangers   Got an opportunity to learn and showcase my skills and was appreciated from time to time on my work. ", " EY has been a great firm to start off my career. It has provided me various opportunities to learn and develop different skill sets along with managing projects independently. ", " MS Excel and Pivot Table learning skills. Great learning experience especially work related to different departments. ", " Its vision and goals are very clearly set. Employees role are well determined. Scope of growth is high. The leaders of here are visionaries. Personal growth is good ", " I started working here as a Analyst in Risk advisory with such an enthusiasm but in the next 10 days it was all gone. They make you work like 16-17 hours a day and will still scold you if something is not ye completed. The managers don't bother at the initial stage of the audit and later they start scolding you for not completing things at time. ", " Great place for stability point of view. Along with technical skills, one needs to build lot of repo through visibility with management to get quick rewards. ", " EY is one the best companies to work.It gives a wide range of opportunities to work and grow. The work culture is also good with best learning environment ", " &gt; We can learn global level business &gt;I worked with the Financial Reporting and Planning team of Americas and how the strategy of planning and Financial Reporting requirement as per that I can work with Business object and Excel. &gt;My Managers and Co workers were very supportive. &gt;We have to strech and complete Month end work as priority basis.Without hesitation we will make sure to complete all the work. &gt;20 hours continuous work for planning America Region.Our team and America Region team were worked together due to technical error and achieved the goal without crossing the SLA. ", " Very good work place for job. Good working Environment. Team management very cooperative. Working style different. Used Latest technology for work. Provided training for Development. ", " One of the best company to work with. Excellent work culture, respect for employees.....Lots to learn and grow as a tax professional and all time training will be given for professional growth. ", " I did my MBA summer internship at EY. I was in the Transaction Advisory Services team and my project was about the valuation models of e-commerce companies. I learned about different models during the duration of my internship.  My mentor was very helpful and guided me well throughout my project. Overall, my experience of internship at EY was great. ", " . Learnt to interact within the corporate environment, worked on new softwares and learnt new aspect of Audit. . Friendly environment along with fun filled activities. . Delivering work within tight time schedules. . The most enjoyable part of job was learning something new everyday. ", " *A typical day at work should start with fresh mind  * Professionalism, Provide the report on time, Knowledge in Accounts receivable portfolio, Invoicing, Cash application, Reconciliation, Receipts &amp; Invoice tracker, Follow up with clients for outstanding invoices, Journalization, unbilled tracker, FIRC updates, FAS &amp; GFIS accouting   * Management should maintain professionalism, There should be Cordial relationship between employer and employees, Management should follow work ethics, Management should be free from bias.  * Co-workers should be very helpful &amp; trustful.  * Hardest part of the job is taking heavy responsibility in short span of time.  * Most enjoyable part of the job is clearing the doubts among colleagues and work as a team. ", " 100% job satisfaction, Involves travelling at client site, Enjoying the consultancy service. I love ey fantastic management I am a part of that nice work place ", " Risk management along with process design and process consultancy in EY promotes creativity and provides holistic learning for selected industry ", " Overall Atmosphere and working culture is pretty good in Global shared services, as a chartered Accountant you have to do backend Work which i personally do not prefer. ", " The working experience in EY was an amazing one as the work was challenging, people were good to work with and there was a good personal and professional life balance. The hardest part of the job was during the busy seasons as there were long working hours and the work could be taxing, but the the variety in the work brought more challenges into the work and there were more opportunities to learn. ", " Enjoying working with EY. Learned Guidewire Claim Centre tool of Insurance domain, Learned Policy Centre. Great Learnings. Skill developement. Management is equally good ", " It is a great place to learn new things. Good people to interact with.  The management follows vertical hierarchy instead of horizontal. The most enjoyable part of the job are the trainings given and the activities involved for personal grooming. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " typical day of work was casual. Daily meetings held to assign tasks of the day and collected report at the end of day. No pressure from managers, work at your own pace.  training and education was given utmost preference. Seniors always had a helping hand when I got stuck while working.  Diversified work culture and open to new ideas and suggestions.  Overall well time spent getting to know the insights of company and exploring opportunities. ", " Ernst &amp; Young, LLP is ensures every employee develops in all aspects of the work performed by them. They provide additional training as well as on the job training to sharpen our skills and knowledge of the market and clients of the company. ", " I have been working with EY for 4 years. Its really a great experience.working with EY as I have learnt so many things got opportunity to interact with our global peers. ", " EY Is a good company where everyone looks for the growth but the process is too slow.  It would be great if the company creates some internal positions and responsibilities where the people will get to learn rather than pushing the team till the frustrating levels. ", " EY is a great place to kickstart the career. The number of opportunities are ample. Peers and seniors are always willing to help. The challenging and pressure-driven atmosphere prepares one for a blooming professional career. ", " Time issues and commuting issue no work life balance  it was a good company to work with and the team which i was assigned was very good and understanding ", " EY is the worlds best working environment,itz an employee friendly firm, i had only few moments which i spent on EY , but it was the best, if i an opportunity and if the firm provides me an opportunity to work , from my side it will be definitely YES. ", " Fixed timing, good culture, I met a lot of interesting people here although I was associated only for 3.5 months on a Contract. Some of these people ended up becoming friends for far longer. ", " EY has a super work culture and is very very distinct. Everyone working at EY have a different level of skill set and it is great to work with such people. ", " As I worked for 6 months only   typical day work  worked for Engagement management system  had a very good number of Friends and close ", " Provided you have great team members, working in EY will be fun and interesting. Lots of resources and infrastructure available to develop skills. Ask and you shall receive. ", " great place to learn with great management , i had spent close to 3.5 years in EY finance team .  used to work in Gurgoan Cyber city office    cab facility is also available ", " Its one of the best places to start your career. People are very supportive and will guide you well. Management will take the time to go through your responsibilities. Work life balance could be tough at times, although at the end of the road you will learn a lot. ", " Most days I get in early so I can get emails done and be ready for the meetings and client calls. In a typical day in my last position I fulfilled management tasks of opening and closing the facility, as well as overseeing a staff of seven individuals. Throughout the day I completed various administrative duties as well, including answering phones, drafting documents and emails, filing and greeting Users. I also provided strong customer service and resolved Users issues. ", " A good place to work for. Work place culture is good and lively. Work pressure is slightly high and monotonous. otherwise its a very good place to work for. ", " the day used to start with an action plan given my the interns to their mentor and then we would get some suggestions from our mentor. the project that I worked on involved the analysis of the top 20 assets management companies by studying their asset under management, net asset value and their returns. the project was very interesting and gave me a lot to learn ", " For fresher\u2019s EY is a good company but in F&amp;A the management is not good. Work culture is very good and salary is far better than other companies. ", " - Great exposure to international client and auditing - people oriented company - great career path for beginners - long working hours ", " While i joined EY i was handling 4 verticals, this was the first Big 4 experience i had and it has been the best experience of my life. The cultural, the policies are all employee friendly and one would never want to leave EY. The learning is exponential here ", " The management allows for a lot of flexibility at work and that has helped me to grow personally. Day to day involved me growing internally taking respo "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Pros : Good work and culture, health insurance, travelling jobs, flexiblity to work from home  Cons : Partial Management, less opportunity to get involved with collegues ", " Working at EY has been synonymous to a great learning experience with amazing opportunities of growth. The vast and varied exposure ensures each day proves to be a step ahead and leads to value addition. ", " Since joined i have learned so many thing, which are really gonna help me in my life. Managment  and working enviroment is realy good. I realy enjoyed working with EY. ", " Good for freshers and management provides false promises and wont stick to it. Un realistic targets   Too much pressure from the onshore team.  Once in a quater the will provide team dinner ", " I work for the EMS- Engagement Managaement Service which is under the dept of Tax.We deliver the tax returns to clients. My everyday work is very regular and monotonous. My team and my co-workers are very much fun and flexible to work with. The environment and work culture is a major thumbs up It has been over a year and I have learnt a lot especially how to work in lead and time management.   The hardest part is to withstand the long hours of work that gets stressful without any benefits as such. The personal and professional life balance becomes difficult. This is my first job and has been quite a different and learning experience.  I look forward to better opportunities wherein I can work better with not just with the computer but with a lot of other things that goes around, something to learn something new each day. ", " One of the best company to work with have acquired and gained lot of knowledge from E&amp;Y.Got Opportunity to travel for Transition of several clients project.Received Multiple awards. ", " Pros In the beginning, great opportunities to learn Global management and leadership is good Global teams have a good work culture and good employee satisfaction Cons The local management at Trivandrum is dumb. Too much politics, the local managers have recruited their relatives and friends and destroyed the work culture in the innovation and Gth teams Only the people in the managers belt get rewards, recognition and promotion in Ey Trivandrum. Advice to Management The Global leadership should place in rules such that the local management do not oneride the defined culture and make their own rules. Trim the politics created by the local management. Ensure proper feedback from candidates after interview to avoid malpractice ", " Wonderful place to learn, and your team is your support. You learn a lot, on the job. You have to pick up and understand quickly, because the turnaround time on files delivery is fast paced.  The hardest part of the job was communication with the onshore and local teams.  The enjoyable part is the satisfaction of getting the work done along with job security. ", " A typical day involves tasks that help in auditing clients. The organisation is very professional in the way they work and strive hard in maintaining documentation quality. Mangers are friendly and understanding. ", " This is my first job after completing MBA.  As a fresher I learnt many things from college to corporate world.  People here are down to earth.   From staff to manager,everyone is helpful  while working on client engagement.  Staying late nights during season is the hardest part . ", " I did my internship at EY. Had a great time on assignment but the mentality of managers is no different from other typical Indian firms. On the very first day, I was asked to go home and come on last day to get the training certificate. ", " EY provides immense opportunities to enhance your knowledge. There is an open communication channels and freedom to experiment.The working hours are very taxing though. ", " As my first job I am learning so much in EY. I really like the workplace here and the managers and other employees are very supportive over here. This is a very good opportunity for me to start my carrier a ", " It is a great organisation to work in. It instills discipline and a positive attitude in you. Apart from work, there are fun activities at work. Most occasions are celebrated with participation from the entire team. ", " The company is very good for an experienced person especially the department of Data and Analytics . But if we compare the remuneration with other companies it is very low ", " it is a one of the 4 big chartered accountancy firm in india and they are best at their job the culture is not good as the most of the MNC's i have experienced. ", " Good cultur, fun to work... Overall good place to work.  One of the best company to work with. Excellent work culture, respect for employees.....Lots to learn and grow as a tax professional and all time training will be given for professional growth. ", " interned here, received an impactful internship, people are welcoming, open office layout, manager was helpful and trained me properly and took my thoughts into consideration ", " I found working here is the best thing ever happened to me also loveliest memories of my professional life.Its actually fun working (i never had imagined it would be this fun working) and work seems like a vacation. ", " Good company. Nice environment to work. Team enjoyment. Team outing. Good place to work. One of the Big among MNC firm. Breaks cannot be taken more than 2 hours per day. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " The company has enabled me to work efficiently under tight deadlines. I was able to manage time effectively. There was a keen focus on the quality of the work product delivered to clients and special awards were given to those who could do that consistently. This has motivated employees to create error free and accurate deliverable's. ", " Involved financial due diligence. Interaction with Management of target companies, with the potential investors.  Review of models and analysis Making proposals for acquiring business. ", " Need a change with Good salary package. Learned Sharepoint 2013 Provider Hosted App. Gave my learnings to Fresher and learned new things from Seniors and Architects. ", " EY Hyderabad is a fun place, We have an excellent leadership and the team is fun to work with. We can reach out to any of the team members for help. We have too much pressure but due to a strong team it can be managed. ", " Being a big4 company, you can't expect everyday to be leisurely ! Of course its gonna hectic on most of the days, but the learning scope is so high !   I had zero experience in the domain that I was working for, but I had learnt so much both in the technical and the management side. It was a really good experience for me.  The biggest ever advantage is that you get to travel a LOT ! ", " Productive and very supportive work place. Flexible work timings. supportive and encouraging team. Great environment for learning. Overall very good work experience. ", " As they say, Building a better working world; they actually mean it. There could be no better launch pad than EY for my career. ", " The company allows you to be yourself and create your magic in your own way.Completely agree with the best workspaces when it comes to EY- best launch pad for students. ", " Good cultur, fun to work... Overall good place to work.  One of the best company to work with. Excellent work culture, respect for employees.....Lots to learn and grow as a tax professional and all time training will be given for professional growth. ", " typical day of work was casual. Daily meetings held to assign tasks of the day and collected report at the end of day. No pressure from managers, work at your own pace.  training and education was given utmost preference. Seniors always had a helping hand when I got stuck while working.  Diversified work culture and open to new ideas and suggestions.  Overall well time spent getting to know the insights of company and exploring opportunities. ", " Overall rating Good  Job Work/Life Balance Good  Salary/Benefits Good  Job Security/Advancement Good  Management Good  Job Culture Good ", " Did my internship where i learned a lot on how to manage people as i worked in Human Resource Department. Would love to work for this company. Salary structure is also nice. ", " the day used to start with an action plan given my the interns to their mentor and then we would get some suggestions from our mentor. the project that I worked on involved the analysis of the top 20 assets management companies by studying their asset under management, net asset value and their returns. the project was very interesting and gave me a lot to learn ", " Productive workplace. Good place to gain knowledge. good place to work. Professional work experience. co-workers are always ready to train and clarify issues. ", " One of the best company to work with. Excellent work culture, respect for employees.....Lots to learn and grow as a tax professional and all time training will be given for professional growth. ", " 1. Always there is scope for learning. 2. Assistant managers and managers always supportive. 3. Challenging to work on various engagements which requires lots to study and analysis. ", " An employee needs time to give review of any company . But due to certain family issues i have to find some other job . So its too early to give review. ", " Was a good working place for me...enjoyed working here...learnt a lot..Trained new employees.. Worked on different tax projects.there was no boss employee relation..all were treated same ", " The Managers were very supporting in nature. The seniors and Managers feedback helped me to improve my work efficiency. ", " Working with Ernst and Young as an Associate executive in Audit and assurance gave me the taste of how the Big 4's function and it was a great learning curve. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Time issues and commuting issue no work life balance  it was a good company to work with and the team which i was assigned was very good and understanding ", " Great Learning opportunity. International exposure and Exceptionally qualified staff. Learned the Basics of M&amp;A industry to the point i have been Onshore 3 times to USA &amp; Singapore for Fortune 100 companies ", " Was a good working place for me...enjoyed working here...learnt a lot..Trained new employees.. Worked on different tax projects.there was no boss employee relation..all were treated same ", " Productive and fun workplace. Its helps an individual to develop  skills and emerge out as a true professional. Great work culture. ", " Typical work is as follows. Perform Statutory Audit, Consolidated Financial Statements  Involved in physical stock verification,  Experienced in performing variance analysis of P/L and Balance Sheet,  Involved in performing certification - Cash, Surprise Checks  Involved in testing of Internal Controls and perform JE Testing. ", " EY provides ample opportunity to learn continuously and develop, a place to work along with fun. I have learnt about the job culture and the quality to value time here. People here are cooperative and management gives ample opportunities to people with enthusiasm to grow within the firm. The firm recognizes the efforts of the individuals by rewarding them. ", " Very professional environment. Also employee friendly. Work life balance to a great extend. Give lot of importance to the employee training. Colleagues as well as managers are quiet approachable. ", " There is no people's management. Some people will have more than 1 project and other will be sitting idle. Ratings are mainly given on your personal relationship with the manager. If manager doesn't like you and no matter how much work you have done the rating will be low. ", " Its a dream company for a professional to work with.  The management and the co-workers are really very cooperative.  The thing i learnt after working in such an esteemed organisation was team work and how each player of the team is really very important for the entire's team success. ", " Excellent learning and working opportunities were provided during my stay at the organization.    Every new working day had its challenges and rewards. Overall a highly satisfying journey. ", " I have enjoyed the learning and exposure provided during my tenure and have worked with some of the best people and is a wonderful people friendly culture that is seen and would definitely recommend the company to my friends and family. ", " It was learning and good. Work life balance with handsome salary in hand. Cooperative management. Co workers were helpful and the seniors were supportive, The pressure at peak was effectively managed and team work proved to be very fruitful. ", " The company allows you to be yourself and create your magic in your own way.Completely agree with the best workspaces when it comes to EY- best launch pad for students. ", " Chilled out work environment.Friendly co-workers.Awesome shift timings.People friendly management.  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ", " 1. Always there is scope for learning. 2. Assistant managers and managers always supportive. 3. Challenging to work on various engagements which requires lots to study and analysis. ", " Working with Ernst and Young as an Associate executive in Audit and assurance gave me the taste of how the Big 4's function and it was a great learning curve. ", " People don't believe in what u do..  very bad people don't let the young people to come forward dont trust.  BAD place to work ", " Its a great place to work and learn. It really fills you with enthusiasm to succeed and to keep working harder and to keep pushing your limits. ", " In my 2 years of journey, i have learned how to work in teams, get the work done and how to handle last minute changes and hassles. Had a diverse team to work with with different culture and education background. Learning &amp; Development demands a lot of hardwork and  passion. I contributed to a lot of other departments and pitched during engagements activities as well. Overall a wonderful experience. ", " The company is an accounting &amp; tax firm. However, focusing on IT Advisory, so shall focus on R&amp;D and Hitech services and invest accordingly.  Culture &amp; openness is awesome. It is really a high class organization  to work with. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " It was learning and good. Work life balance with handsome salary in hand. Cooperative management. Co workers were helpful and the seniors were supportive, The pressure at peak was effectively managed and team work proved to be very fruitful. ", " Its a great place to work and learn. It really fills you with enthusiasm to succeed and to keep working harder and to keep pushing your limits. ", " There is no people's management. Some people will have more than 1 project and other will be sitting idle. Ratings are mainly given on your personal relationship with the manager. If manager doesn't like you and no matter how much work you have done the rating will be low. ", " * Learned to work as team * Learned to motivate, teach each other * Worked, learned and had fun at work, all at a time - which I liked the most. * One of the best place to work. ", " I did my internship with Ernst &amp; Young.Growth and learning opportunities was very effective.Talking about the working environment ,it enhanced my personality and gave me more opportunities to learn more.Overall it was a good organisation to work with. ", " Its a dream company for a professional to work with.  The management and the co-workers are really very cooperative.  The thing i learnt after working in such an esteemed organisation was team work and how each player of the team is really very important for the entire's team success. ", " *A typical day at work should start with fresh mind  * Professionalism, Provide the report on time, Knowledge in Accounts receivable portfolio, Invoicing, Cash application, Reconciliation, Receipts &amp; Invoice tracker, Follow up with clients for outstanding invoices, Journalization, unbilled tracker, FIRC updates, FAS &amp; GFIS accouting   * Management should maintain professionalism, There should be Cordial relationship between employer and employees, Management should follow work ethics, Management should be free from bias.  * Co-workers should be very helpful &amp; trustful.  * Hardest part of the job is taking heavy responsibility in short span of time.  * Most enjoyable part of the job is clearing the doubts among colleagues and work as a team. ", " The working experience in EY was an amazing one as the work was challenging, people were good to work with and there was a good personal and professional life balance. The hardest part of the job was during the busy seasons as there were long working hours and the work could be taxing, but the the variety in the work brought more challenges into the work and there were more opportunities to learn. ", " Work life becomes hectic during busy season...  Overall good learning experience in EY. Flexible working timing, no restriction on timings as far as work is done on time. ", " Great company to work for but bad competition. Awesome co-workers who are always willing to help. Get networking which help you to meet people across different field and learn a lot of new things ", " Working at EY comes with great learning experience and a bundle of responsibilities which we have to take as a pride. We have trainings to learn each and every thing and also the management is supportive of your efforts to work. The hardest part of work is to survive the immense pressure of work flow in the busy season which can be handled with patience and watchfulness. ", " Typical Day: During the early hours I speak to the clients, finding out \u2013 proactively \u2013 what their priorities are for the week, meeting with team for half hour to communicate the clients\u2019 needs and organizing the team schedules around the client\u2019s priorities.  What you learned: My experience in GT and EY has equipped me with technical, people skills and client handling.  Hardest part: On a personal level I feel that finding enough time to spend with friends and family is the hardest part of my job.   Most enjoyable part : To complete the deliverables within timelines under high pressure and finally a getting appreciation for the same. ", " Each day in EY is a learning experience as everyday there is a new challenge to undertake. Independent ownership is encouraged  Learnt: a) Designing RCM ,  b) IFC testing (Equivalent to Sox testing) c) Identifying Attributes d) Creating Lead sheet e) Marking Attributes   Positives: a) New Learning opportunities b) A combination of Team work and ownership  The hardest part of job is the initial clarity and the most enjoyable part is to identify what could be the best way to overcome ambiguity ", " Working here was like a great opportunity. It taught me how to deal with tough situations.It made me understand how to deal &amp; lead people n the most effective manner &amp; made me demonstrate skills &amp; share my best practices within the team. ", " Fun place and very motivating with R&amp;Rs happening every month. Good hikes every year. Best place for women employees. Good team management and perks. Good canteen and food coupons available. Not very stressful. ", " Company provides great exposure to work across industries, A highly dynamic place to work. Great place to find growing and challenging opportunities. ", " Working with EY has been a very enriching experience for me. It has helped me develop both hard as well as the soft skills. It was a wonderful experience working with a very hardworking team in such a professional environment . ", " According to the team and team members, the feel good experience of work may differ. Good place to settle down after becoming atleast a senior. ", " it was a good learning of working in a team and to work with co colleagues in a systematic and organized form and to deliver desired outputs on proper time . ", " It was good learning, but there is lot of office politics. hard work is seldom recognized. Huge cost cutting measures. Huge work load and sales pressure. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " EY had an excellent work culture. Learned a lot about Team Work. The only problem was beyond the designation of Advanced Associate, promotions could happen only after 3-5 years of time. ", " A good place to learn and build your understanding on your subject matter. You get exposure to work on working with EY teams across the globe and be part of a global auditing team. ", " EY Hyderabad is a fun place, We have an excellent leadership and the team is fun to work with. We can reach out to any of the team members for help. We have too much pressure but due to a strong team it can be managed. ", " End to end Practice Management SAP Implementation, Rollouts &amp; Support SAP Advisory projects around strategy, evaluation, program management and reviews ", " There is no people's management. Some people will have more than 1 project and other will be sitting idle. Ratings are mainly given on your personal relationship with the manager. If manager doesn't like you and no matter how much work you have done the rating will be low. ", " The job that I do deals in preparing tax returns for individuals of various clients and doing tax analyst, overall work environment is very good but, the hard work that is put in during the entire time does not seed acceptable level of fruitfulness, gets discouraging after a point.  However if you are not keen of having a career in core finance field then it is good place that has very high growth opportunities after 3 years. ", " Each day in EY is a learning experience as everyday there is a new challenge to undertake. Independent ownership is encouraged  Learnt: a) Designing RCM ,  b) IFC testing (Equivalent to Sox testing) c) Identifying Attributes d) Creating Lead sheet e) Marking Attributes   Positives: a) New Learning opportunities b) A combination of Team work and ownership  The hardest part of job is the initial clarity and the most enjoyable part is to identify what could be the best way to overcome ambiguity ", " Ernst and young LLP is a very good place to learn. However, no work life balance and they offer vey less salary for non chartered accountants. ", " Productive and very supportive work place. Flexible work timings. supportive and encouraging team. Great environment for learning. Overall very good work experience. ", " A typical day involved understanding client's requirements and deliver a desired end result. Being proactive, up with the solution and situation ready.   The typical work/life balance varies from team to team. Job security is there, but of-course you need to be more aware of the developments happening in your field.   Job culture again varies from one location to another. As the general notion and perception impacts on the general function of an organisation.  The lessons you learn at EY, will be there to guide you in all of your future endeavors. ", " - Start your day with a meeting on the status of work and then speak to client to check if there is any work that is to be done on priority. Delegate work, to avoid repetitive work. Finish day to day work and then help others if required. - I learnt how to handle a team, how to interact with clients, how to be a team player, prioritize my work, improved my computer and analytical skills. - My Co-workers are very knowledgeable, approachable, friendly and helpful. - Most enjoyable part of work is learning something new and socialising with co-workers ", " I have enjoyed the learning and exposure provided during my tenure and have worked with some of the best people and is a wonderful people friendly culture that is seen and would definitely recommend the company to my friends and family. ", " Great place to work with great culture. People management is not well managed though. Everything seems to be good in the beginning.  The work and the targets swet were unrealistic to achieve. There was no work life balance at all.  Over all it was a good experience to start up my career. ", " Its is good place to work with working culture and Fun at work. Also the 90% of the employees are youth, energetic which is good at work place. But over the time work is monotones. ", " Fun place and very motivating with R&amp;Rs happening every month. Good hikes every year. Best place for women employees. Good team management and perks. Good canteen and food coupons available. Not very stressful. ", " Good organisation  most enjoyable part of the job - the work and culture What you learned - business development skills the hardest past of the job - the work management - is good your co-workers - good ", " Excellent learning and working opportunities were provided during my stay at the organization.    Every new working day had its challenges and rewards. Overall a highly satisfying journey. ", " A good platform to start your career with. Ey provides work life balance to their employees.Even EY brand name speakes a lot itself. ", " In my 2 years of journey, i have learned how to work in teams, get the work done and how to handle last minute changes and hassles. Had a diverse team to work with with different culture and education background. Learning &amp; Development demands a lot of hardwork and  passion. I contributed to a lot of other departments and pitched during engagements activities as well. Overall a wonderful experience. ", " EY is a good place to work. They provide work life balance and growth opportunities. The management supports the growth of their people. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Excellent place to work for people. Good Team work and work life balance. Individual can develop his/her skills and experience and attain a greater career ", " Good place to work, interesting assignments to work on with a lot of responsibility given while working on each project. ", " Its one of the best places to start your career. People are very supportive and will guide you well. Management will take the time to go through your responsibilities. Work life balance could be tough at times, although at the end of the road you will learn a lot. ", " EY is a great place to work. Working with different project teams and clients on cases, one gets lots of things to learn - not just technically, but also about people and management. ", " At EY my roles and responsibilities are engaged under management services, reconciliation, financial accounting, operations, billing and taxation department also lately known as PAS (People advisory services). ", " EY is a good organization to work for. It provides ample opportunity to excel in your career. I would recommend EY to all the beginners. ", " One of the best firms to work with. Great entrepreneurial culture within the organization. Have maximum opportunities for growth, both vertically and horizontally within the firm. ", " It's a good company to work with, having lot of different opportunities to venture into. But the ITAS management lack leadership. ", " A fresher cannot expect anything doing the same old work every single minute and people who love learning new every time cannot adjust with the same environment and dominating work place. ", " Imbibe Team work, time management skills, leadership and responsible work spirit. Commitment to clients and personal grooming are add ons. ", " Strict timelines for projects Required working on different projects on a typical day Working hours are long Every hour is counted ", " actively involved in team engagement and service delivery. Learned how to do exceptional client service and work life balancing ", " EY is an employee friendly company.easy going and fun to work with, Felxibe as well.the buddy system helps every new joiner. ", " EY was my first company and I loved working at EY. I have learnt many things from EY as to maintain our stress level and a lot about excel. The management at EY is good and very well organised. The co-workers are very friendly and access-able at the times required. ", " A good platform to start your career with. Ey provides work life balance to their employees.Even EY brand name speakes a lot itself. ", " In my 2 years of journey, i have learned how to work in teams, get the work done and how to handle last minute changes and hassles. Had a diverse team to work with with different culture and education background. Learning &amp; Development demands a lot of hardwork and  passion. I contributed to a lot of other departments and pitched during engagements activities as well. Overall a wonderful experience. ", " A good place to begin career. Lot of opportunities to grow. Challenging assignments to work on and global exposure by working with global clients. ", " The management was very much supporting and all the teams were flexible. Team mates are flexible to work in any shifts and all were ready to help others at anytime. Sometimes we used to get high volume of work and sometimes less. We had fun Friday activities.Over all the experience at EY was most enjoyable. ", " Apart from the work life balance and the corporate politics, it's a good company to work with where if you play smart then you would shine better than the hard workers. ", " It's a small firm but at the same time is fund to work here. Management is really good and they value opinion. Focus on their people and help them to grow with the firm. This was a fun place to  work for. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Great Learning opportunity. International exposure and Exceptionally qualified staff. Learned the Basics of M&amp;A industry to the point i have been Onshore 3 times to USA &amp; Singapore for Fortune 100 companies ", " An employee needs time to give review of any company . But due to certain family issues i have to find some other job . So its too early to give review. ", " During busy season we had to work for 15hrs which was typical days for me , I have gained loads of knowledge with my present job , I have complete touch of financial statement now , my co - workers were too supportive , working for long hours was the hardest part of my job , work environment was awesome in my present firm which would pull me to work more harder. ", " One of the best firms to work with. Great entrepreneurial culture within the organization. Have maximum opportunities for growth, both vertically and horizontally within the firm. ", " Had all the components of an organization. Job Work/Life Balance Salary/Benefits Job Security/Advancement Management Job Culture ", " It has been 2.5 years since I have joined EY. It has been one of my dream companies and i cherish every moment there. Met lot of good people, good leaders, great mentors and so on.  I would like to recommend EY to my colleagues and all those who wish to have a MNC experience. ", " Nice place to start your consulting career and understand and work with various partners and clients. Provides exposure to various companies / industry and helps build strong business foundation ", " Initially work would start by assigning work to all subordinates, run  multiple reports , meet for 5 min to plan the day.  Teaming respect and sharing the work for the smooth run of the business.  Have fund in the evening to boost-up the team.  Submit reports to management daily.  Managing work in the absence of team members. ", " The Managers were very supporting in nature. The seniors and Managers feedback helped me to improve my work efficiency. ", " Its a great place to work and learn. It really fills you with enthusiasm to succeed and to keep working harder and to keep pushing your limits. ", " Company provides great exposure to work across industries, A highly dynamic place to work. Great place to find growing and challenging opportunities. ", " It was a great experience while working in this organisation and experienced a lot in terms of learning and to face each and every day a new challenge. ", " * Learned to work as team * Learned to motivate, teach each other * Worked, learned and had fun at work, all at a time - which I liked the most. * One of the best place to work. ", " The management for our particular location was not at par with EY management elsewhere. I learnt about the EY way of working and tools and engagement management framework in EY. The hardest part of the job was to put our point across to management. ", " It use to start with browsing daily work related emails. Tasks used to get assigned . Then use to take advice of  the required seniors on how to start with the task . Then use to take short breaks for lunch and breakfast . By the time the day ends , we were suppose to get our work reviewed from our respective senior . ", " It was good learning, but there is lot of office politics. hard work is seldom recognized. Huge cost cutting measures. Huge work load and sales pressure. ", " Had a really great team to work with. Work gets monotonous over a period of time so one needs to be involved in some activity externally to remain focus. ", " Overall a decent workplace with good compensation policy and lots of benefits.Co-workers are friendly.Good management and fun place to work for. ", " Client Management being a vast area has given me the opportunity to learn a lot. Advanced Excel solutions, tracking various informations, hands on experience with direct mails to clients, training freshers on process details, supporting various teams. ", " Typical work is as follows. Perform Statutory Audit, Consolidated Financial Statements  Involved in physical stock verification,  Experienced in performing variance analysis of P/L and Balance Sheet,  Involved in performing certification - Cash, Surprise Checks  Involved in testing of Internal Controls and perform JE Testing. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " My work experience at EY has been tremendously enriching and knowledge gaining. Interacting with my peers from different countries, getting to know their inputs and also providing the best practices as being the process head. ", " It is certainly a good experience at EY to work with. The Management is very good and approachable at any given point of time. The most enjoyable part of the job is the work environment. ", " workplace and salary not satisfactory, but firm is best as their brand. Work life balance is there and suitable for female candidates. But management staff are pathetic. Rest all satisfactory. ", " EY is a good place to work. They provide work life balance and growth opportunities. The management supports the growth of their people. ", " It's a good company to work with, having lot of different opportunities to venture into. But the ITAS management lack leadership. ", " Excellent opportunity to work for this organization though it is one of the top 4 audit firms. One of the major cons is, most of the projects were guidewire related and very new to most of the developers. ", " EY is an employee friendly company.easy going and fun to work with, Felxibe as well.the buddy system helps every new joiner. ", " EY mentored and guided me in my professional career. I have first hand experience on how supportive the work culture at EY is. Also I was taught to work out solutions on my own which helped me to become more self reliable. ", " Good place to work, options for carrier advancement. Normally sticks with single client. Switching to cross industry vertical is complex task and management does not agree with the the request. ", " A good place work and explore your skills and abilities. New ideas &amp; process to learn which helps to move on to next level. ", " Learned financial due diligence , calculation of KPI's, analysis of financial statements, movement analysis, performance indicators, VDD &amp; CDD reports, cash conversion cycle-- DPO, DIO &amp; DSO, capex, operating expenses, CAGR, Buy side &amp; sell side research, company pitching, company deck- 1 pager, 2 pager, 3 pager &amp; 7 pager.  Provided good training &amp; management was very supportive.  Most enjoyable part was working in vast excel sheets. ", " Working with EY offers the chance to work in a multinational / international environment. Individuals have strong accountability and if you perform well, then you are given more autonomy. Most processes and policies are at par with industry best practices. ", " its a very good company to work with.got many learning opportunities. working environment was very conducive. Manage to maintain balance between work and personal life. I have been given chance to put forward my opinions at many occasions. ", " A good platform to start your career with. Ey provides work life balance to their employees.Even EY brand name speakes a lot itself. ", " A typical day involved understanding client's requirements and deliver a desired end result. Being proactive, up with the solution and situation ready.   The typical work/life balance varies from team to team. Job security is there, but of-course you need to be more aware of the developments happening in your field.   Job culture again varies from one location to another. As the general notion and perception impacts on the general function of an organisation.  The lessons you learn at EY, will be there to guide you in all of your future endeavors. ", " EY, a great place to work with cooperative management at all stages. The organisation allowed me to grow personally and explore my skills and utilised them in the most optimised way. Though, organisation helped me in learning different things but most importantly I learnt about the quality delivery of projects with tight deadlines. This helped me in doing the work smartly but not leaving any details.  What I loved most about EY is that allows you to maintain work -life balance and the team outings and party let you to come more closer with your colleagues which helps in building the relationships and thus leading to create a strong bond. ", " Great company to work with. lot of opportunities to learn. different types of projects. supporting management to work with. Work life balance to be looked at. ", " Great place to work with great culture. People management is not well managed though. Everything seems to be good in the beginning.  The work and the targets swet were unrealistic to achieve. There was no work life balance at all.  Over all it was a good experience to start up my career. ", " Good place to work at. Lots of travelling, good exposure in different IT environment etc. Various training across industries. Good compensations. Got a chance to sit down with many leaders at client side to discuss their views on the market etc. ", " Wonderful place to learn, and your team is your support. You learn a lot, on the job. You have to pick up and understand quickly, because the turnaround time on files delivery is fast paced.  The hardest part of the job was communication with the onshore and local teams.  The enjoyable part is the satisfaction of getting the work done along with job security. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Working with EY has been a very enriching experience for me. It has helped me develop both hard as well as the soft skills. It was a wonderful experience working with a very hardworking team in such a professional environment . ", " One of the best place to work at, if I have to stay near my hometown. The team mates are supportive and the Company takes care of its employees. ", " Satisfactory except for the pay that i received with the company. Looked for better opportunities and finally settled with DA ", " The day i joined the EY &amp; met with others my old collegemates there. I learned many many things:  1. Leadership qualities 2. Managing People &amp; Manager qualities   3. IFRS applications 4. Auditing under UK Law.  Management is excellent in EY - I belive I cant compare any other company in terms of management to that - really wonderful  I am very grateful to the co workers in EY , Many have shared there knowledge with me , especially the managers skills &amp; knowledge unbelievable &amp; friendly to all.  Hardest part is the day i left EY   The audit work and the other thing is discussions with co workers in the areas of audit. ", " EY has always been known to be the best place to work with due to the job culture. This place is really employee friendly. As a fresher it was a great start of my corporate life. I learned to manage people from different sects and how to handle different situations along with lot of MS office skills, communication, team management, training  and developed many qualities like being assertive, paying attention to detail etc.  Everyone had to strictly follow the EY culture where everybody is treated equally no matter which position you are in. All that differs is the experience and the responsibilities. Every work has been systematic and we were always given the freedom to explore new ideas to improve the process for a reward. Since i was part of the TAX team, it was tough during the busy tax season where we had to work extra hours. I had to quit from there because I had to relocate to Abudhabi after my wedding.I would be extremely happy if i get a chance at EY Abudhabi ", " A typical day consists of mail checking, scheduling, followups, template review, core task execution, daily stand up meetings, effort tracking and reporting  Management is decent not more of people driven but business driven  Co workers are typical humans responding very much the human way. But good knowledge share and corporate culture  The hardest part of the job would be managing the ever growing expectation of managers ( for example : increasing the quality from 99.85% to 100%)  Learning. is the most enjoyable part of job. Frequent exposure to new processes and protocols. being flexible to inculcate the revised process definition and expectation. ", " Great culture at work. Supportive and fun workplace. People oriented. Excellent learning experience with lot of exposure. ", " I would like to say that over all it was gud experience for me in EY, I have learnt professionalism,deal with the problems and complete the task on or before stipulated time given which is most important thing. Co-workers were very helpful, they always ready to resolve eachother problems.  Hardest part as such nothing but during month end &amp; year end as we had to work hard and strech for making reports and present it to management. Every day I used to go to lunch with my team mates and used to do lot of fun &amp; share our thought to impove process. ", " Working here was like a great opportunity. It taught me how to deal with tough situations.It made me understand how to deal &amp; lead people n the most effective manner &amp; made me demonstrate skills &amp; share my best practices within the team. ", " An amazing organization to work for. Great management and working environment. Everyday was a new learning experience. Extremely cooperative co-workers. A friendly atmosphere with all the requirements. ", " It is a good company however the process which I worked (EMS - HC) is not at all a good process to work as it does not have a standard process. Each and every scenario in the process varies and the reviewer's opinion varies and because of this quality of the associate comes down. ", " The process was new to me but as I am a quick learner, I learned the entire process within a month. As the tax returns were in Norwegian language, it was a bit difficult to cope with it. ", " A typical day working as a Tax Analyst at Ernst &amp; Young included preparing and reviewing US tax returns and the related workbooks.  I learned a lot at work, especially coping to high pressure and meeting tough deadlines.  The management at Ernst &amp; Young were a constant source of guidance.  The co-workers were very friendly and supportive.  The hardest part of the job was delivering the required result on time, since on most occasions the deadline was very close.  The most enjoyable part of the job was having done the job up to the mark and client specifications, making the client happy. ", " Great company to work for but bad competition. Awesome co-workers who are always willing to help. Get networking which help you to meet people across different field and learn a lot of new things ", " Awesome work experience with EY GSS  for about 2.5 years.  Talk to anyone at EY and they\u2019ll tell you what a rewarding place it is to work. As you collaborate with colleagues in our high-performing teams, you gain exposure to some of the most demanding and stimulating challenges in the business world.  Every experience and insight is something you can take with you as your career progresses. In fact, we believe that it genuinely lasts a lifetime.  We attract individuals from different backgrounds and cultures who \u2014 like you \u2014 bring a unique point of view and unique business skills. You\u2019ll work with great people and will be exposed to a range of alternative perspectives.  Everyone\u2019s opinion is valued. After all, diversity of thought and ideas enables us to provide better services to our clients. In return for your input and ideas, we\u2019re committed to giving you the experiences you need to progress and develop as well as the learning and coaching to help you to excel. ", " As the caption rightly goes, \"Building a better working world\", EY is indeed a great place to work. I have been part of this organization for 2 plus years. We had a very stress free working environment at EY.   The management at EY are very employee friendly. I have had numerous opportunities for learning and career growth in EY. Moreover, I had a great set of colleagues with whom I share a very special relationship.  Upon taking up this role in EY, I have learned a lot with respect to L&amp;D, HR Reporting and Performance Management. My role had immense scope for learning. ", " It is certainly a good experience at EY to work with. The Management is very good and approachable at any given point of time. The most enjoyable part of the job is the work environment. ", " Working at EY is one of the most exciting learning experience I ever had in my professional career of 7 years.  I learned how to manage global pricing of various EY tax services, monitor progress in EY Tax compliance business, sales and distribution of EY Tax services and report Tax revenue from three different EY Tax services perspective(GCR, Tax Policy and Tax Controversy).  It is interesting to see how Tax policies affect global businesses and how important they are in a fast changing and ever evolving global economy.  I was fortune to get to work with an excellent team of seniors and co-workers, who are professionally and academically qualified for the job undertaken.  I would say the hardest part in my job was to deal with Business Process Mapping but it was also the most enjoyable among my role in EY since I got to talk to different people across the global and got the fine opportunity to initiate, set-up and run a process. ", " Ernst and young LLP is a very good place to learn. However, no work life balance and they offer vey less salary for non chartered accountants. ", " over all it was good to work with EY, the projects i worked and the people i met.  the challenges i met during project and the accountability, responsibility i handled and finally achieved everything was awesome. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Demanding role, great for beginners and hard workers, got to learn a lot on the job, lack of training opportunities, requires you to be self motivated to succeed and do well ", " Great culture at work. Supportive and fun workplace. People oriented. Excellent learning experience with lot of exposure. ", " EY, its a great place to start your carrier. Working with EY will definitely improve your skills mainly in team work and dealing with clients. ", " Learned financial due diligence , calculation of KPI's, analysis of financial statements, movement analysis, performance indicators, VDD &amp; CDD reports, cash conversion cycle-- DPO, DIO &amp; DSO, capex, operating expenses, CAGR, Buy side &amp; sell side research, company pitching, company deck- 1 pager, 2 pager, 3 pager &amp; 7 pager.  Provided good training &amp; management was very supportive.  Most enjoyable part was working in vast excel sheets. ", " - My 6 years at EY have been a great learning experience in advising clients belonging to various sectors. Each client has its own typical features and requirements, meeting which often requires 'out of the box' thinking - In my second year as a Manager, I find that the management is focused about the firms vision and is following a well-thought plan to achieve the same - The best and most enjoyable part of EY is one of its key stakeholders ie. its people - impregnable support at all occasions - The hardest part of our job, rather the most challenging part is staying abreast with all industrial and legal developments, especially in the rapidly changing business environment ", " EY, a great place to work with cooperative management at all stages. The organisation allowed me to grow personally and explore my skills and utilised them in the most optimised way. Though, organisation helped me in learning different things but most importantly I learnt about the quality delivery of projects with tight deadlines. This helped me in doing the work smartly but not leaving any details.  What I loved most about EY is that allows you to maintain work -life balance and the team outings and party let you to come more closer with your colleagues which helps in building the relationships and thus leading to create a strong bond. ", " Every day there are challenges, work pressure. Focus on client deliverable on real time basis. Instant response.  Guide team member for handling client deliverables effectively. ", " Ita  good place to start uo the career.Excellant work culture. Good work life balance and friendly environment. The company provides interesting training on a timely basis. ", " Great place to work with great culture. People management is not well managed though. Everything seems to be good in the beginning.  The work and the targets swet were unrealistic to achieve. There was no work life balance at all.  Over all it was a good experience to start up my career. ", " Fun place to work in, with corporate parties and learning. Each day has a new challenge and different types of projects in a team. The colleagues are very co-operative . ", " It is fun working at EY. The people are very nice and co-operative. Excellent place to learn. Flexible working hours and option for work from home available. ", " A typical day involved understanding client's requirements and deliver a desired end result. Being proactive, up with the solution and situation ready.   The typical work/life balance varies from team to team. Job security is there, but of-course you need to be more aware of the developments happening in your field.   Job culture again varies from one location to another. As the general notion and perception impacts on the general function of an organisation.  The lessons you learn at EY, will be there to guide you in all of your future endeavors. ", " good company  good management  good infrastructure   good facilities, good salary in industry, better transportatin and accomadation ", " The environment is fast-paced and you are expected to take ownership and responsibilities very quickly. Co-workers are really fun yet ambitious and competitive. There is intense internal competition within the firm. It's a place for the ambitious. ", " one of the best comapnies to work for in india and especialy for chartered accountants. This is also one of teh Big fours in india ", " The company have some sound values for its employees and culture which is commendable quarterly reward program for recognition and throughout a great place to work. ", " The real benefit is long term, just having that experience in my background still to this day opens doors professionally for me so the payoff is tremendous and long term. ", " Its a great place to work. They have very good work culture. Most importantly they believe work life balance. A very good place to learn and explore. ", " Wonderful place to learn, and your team is your support. You learn a lot, on the job. You have to pick up and understand quickly, because the turnaround time on files delivery is fast paced.  The hardest part of the job was communication with the onshore and local teams.  The enjoyable part is the satisfaction of getting the work done along with job security. ", " Best place to work and for carees , work cultural totally free and nice. Fun at work and we will gain more knowledge Have cultural activies and sport commities who have talent  we will have lot of challenging in the task. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " EY provides good opportunity to learn people management and technical skills, you have to shows case the work which you do if you need to grow in this firm, Lack of appreciation and team interaction are present and it's depends on the team and service line. ", " EY is a good place to start your career at it provides hight amount to exposure even to employees who have just joined company ", " 1. Every day is different since daily work and target is scheduled. 2. The best thing you learn is all the aspects of professionalism. 3. Management and co-worker are supportive and helpful. 4. The most challenging part of job is its daily time bound tasks. ", " Working in EY is great,a nice workpalace with good people to work for. Working in EY is a great priviledge.It has given me a strong career path. ", " It was a stepping stone to my career. It was a wonderful learning experience for me. I learnt lots of new software such as PeopleSoft, Lotus Notes and SAGE. ", " Pretty good place to work but no work life balance .. always working weekly 60 to 70 hours of work. looking for a change immediately ", " Team in Gurgaon is really good and supportive. However, the work load is too much. I learned that we need to prioritize our work and should not go by flow. Hardest part of the job is you will go just like that and you wont even realise. By the end of the day, you will still have your checklist unchecked. The most enjoyable part of the job is I like this profile which is meeting/ interacting with people along with analysis. ", " over all it was good to work with EY, the projects i worked and the people i met.  the challenges i met during project and the accountability, responsibility i handled and finally achieved everything was awesome. ", " - not the best place to improve your skills, you should be able to change skills and pickup new technologies to survive - management is not really good - onshore - offshore coordination is missing ", " Performed data query, extraction, compilation, and reporting tasks.  Managed, updated and manipulated report orientation and structures with the use of advanced Excel functions including Pivot Tables and V-Lookups.  Generated weekly, monthly, and quarterly reports necessary in maintaining a good and balanced financial statement.  Handled data collection, analysis, interpretation and presentation to management and other team members gathered via a wide range of available means and methods from users and business partners associated with Tax related activities.  Researched for new means of qualifying and obtaining data and methods of utilizing analytical tools effectively to be used for systems development and improvement ", " Supportive management,Learning and development is good,big companies tend to have little bit politics ,work is all about report generations and meeting the deadlines ", " Challenging work environment with emphasis on collaboration and team work. Most enjoyable part of the job was working with different people on different projects across continents. Opportunities to grow professionally are plenty. Company is open to employees trying different functions. Work life balance is not the best given a consultant's lifestyle of living out of the suitcase. ", " The team was not set up and there were multiple delays due to which was not satisfied with the work atmosphere in EY GSS, Kerala. Hardest part of the job was to wait for the work to arrive. Enjoyable part of the job was the location. ", " it was a nice place to work and the work environment was really good. the people i worked with are really nice. I was happy working there and being a part of the work culture. ", " EY has been a great place to work in. It was like a dream come true to work for such a prestigious firm. Everyday was a learning experience for me. Just time issues were a thing which made me little disappointed. Overall its one of the best place to work for qualified people. They offer really good opportunities. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is one of the big 4 audit firm, Which has a strong client base which gives you different and unique type of learning experience. ", " Ernst and young LLP is a very good place to learn. However, no work life balance and they offer vey less salary for non chartered accountants. ", " The work culture is great and productive. Great learning opportunities and team is managed effectively and work life balance is taken seriously. ", " Best work place to be with. EY has Friendly environment its fun to be in office . Work culture is so addictive you will never feel like leaving the company ", " Lots of learning available in terms of employee development and professional training. Analytic is a major part of work and numbers are taken seriously. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " good company to start and also the people are great. You will learn a lot. Cons being long working hours. But at the same time choose your team wisely. ", " Initially work would start by assigning work to all subordinates, run  multiple reports , meet for 5 min to plan the day.  Teaming respect and sharing the work for the smooth run of the business.  Have fund in the evening to boost-up the team.  Submit reports to management daily.  Managing work in the absence of team members. ", " Good place to work, interesting assignments to work on with a lot of responsibility given while working on each project. ", " It gives us better culture of learning , development &amp; growth.Better working culture with good understanding of Auditing principles. ", " Very aggressive and supportive management helps you to learn new things. Large pool of knowledge. The environment helps you to challenge yourself daily, ", " &gt; A typical day at work: Typical day in my profile starts with quick and strategic decision making because of every time new things landing up. &gt; What you learned: Corporate Culture in Big 4 &gt; Management: Gap between top and middle management &gt; Your co-workers:  &gt; The hardest part of the job: No capacity &gt; The most enjoyable part of the job: Strategic Decision making ", " During busy season we had to work for 15hrs which was typical days for me , I have gained loads of knowledge with my present job , I have complete touch of financial statement now , my co - workers were too supportive , working for long hours was the hardest part of my job , work environment was awesome in my present firm which would pull me to work more harder. ", " Had a good time working in EY. I liked the work culture and the work environment. The quality of work experience depends on the team you belong to. Depending on the client, you will get to learn a lot. ", " A good place work and explore your skills and abilities. New ideas &amp; process to learn which helps to move on to next level. ", " Working at EY never felt tough. The working culture, support from the seniors made it very easy. Even though the workload was much but didnt felt the pressure. Though there were some some days when used to work for more than 12 hrs, but the overall experience was good and satisfying. ", " love to work with this company and also miss my colleague whom i work with. I think a lot of changes has been done But a very good work life and reporting managers where also very goo. ", " Worked on United States of America - Taxation for individuals.  Client facing job. Have communicated to the clients via e-mail and telephone calls. Know how to deal with clients.  Have managed a great deal of work load during the busy periods. ", " work performed- FEMA , Foreign exchange laws, RBI notifications work culture is friendly and learning Management and co- workers are really supportive and helpful Learning through various projects like 'FDI in retail market' &amp; 'Legal framework of E-commerce Induatry' ", " The work culture is good. Lot of learning opportunities.The Management is very open to new ideas. The Firm takes lots of initatives to improve work environment and participates in many social responsibilities to create better working world. ", " Overall a decent workplace with good compensation policy and lots of benefits.Co-workers are friendly.Good management and fun place to work for. ", " Good place with intelligent colleagues..great opportunities to grow if you network well within the company..all work and no play.. ", " Ernst &amp; Young one of the Big 4 has a dynamic culture. Since it is my first job so i learnt a lot about professionalism. Management here is very responsible. ", " A typical day at work is highly challenging with lots of operational difficulties..like low network connectivity, lots of adhoc work requests, zero work life balance.  However if you have proven yourself for few years then the management will consider flexi work options ", " It has been a great work experience with everyone management and co-workers. I actually learnt more about Big 4 work culture and management style. The best part is to work on global reports for big organizations ", " Strict timelines for projects Required working on different projects on a typical day Working hours are long Every hour is counted "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " EY is great place to work, you can have proper work life balance and also there fun at work place. Fridays we have fun fridays and also people around are great. But when it comes to Compensation EY is a poor pay master. Management is not that great but can work in this place.   Learning perspective, its a great place to build knowledge and develop you technical and interpersonal skills.  You learn in each company, neither a company is bad or good it upto a person to take what it needs him/her to achieve the goal ", " Was hired during the busy season on a contract basis so had to work for 12 to 13 hours a day. Fun place, helpful people around, most seniors and managers are polite and easy to deal with, Good canteen.  Work is mostly on MS-Excel, PDF and MS visio  Hardest part of the job is meeting deadlines due to the timing difference between India and the US.  Enjoyable part is that you get great friends and the environment and the place itself has a postive vibe. ", " As the caption rightly goes, \"Building a better working world\", EY is indeed a great place to work. I have been part of this organization for 2 plus years. We had a very stress free working environment at EY.   The management at EY are very employee friendly. I have had numerous opportunities for learning and career growth in EY. Moreover, I had a great set of colleagues with whom I share a very special relationship.  Upon taking up this role in EY, I have learned a lot with respect to L&amp;D, HR Reporting and Performance Management. My role had immense scope for learning. ", " At EY, we are committed to building a better working world \u2014 with increased trust and confidence in business, sustainable growth, development of talent in all its forms, and greater collaboration.  I get to learn people management, time management and working in pressure and managing both personal and professional life.  The most enjoyable part of job is working with challenging managers and senior managers and delivering work to client on time. sometimes we need to work long hours than expected. but it was a great experience learning working with Sr Managers. ", " I had strethed as it was crucial day to complete the work being allocated. Hence I had worked from Morning 9.30 to next day morning 4.30. As it was my first company, I learnt many values in EY which I am carrying with me. Be confident in watever the situation and face it. The seniors and the team was really good who were supportive always whenever I was need of it. Everyday was fun day in EY. I used to enjoy my work daily. It was fun working in 1.5 years of tenure in EY. ", " During my stint at EY I grew from a freshly qualified CA to a matured professional with a deep understanding of different industries that I have worked for. Its a place that offers you so many learning opportunities across various industries where you rub shoulders with the best professionals in the industry ", " It was amazing working at Ernst &amp; Young . EY values people more than anything else . In terms of Exposure:  - Confirming the Accuracy, Completeness and Consistency of Financial Statements of companies pertaining to various industrial sectors in consonance with US GAAP &amp; Dutch GAAP. -Providing assurance services to various classes of transactions by clients in accordance with EY Global Audit Methodology -Benchmarking Project for the verification of Financial Statements in consonance with IFRS. -Tie Out of Financial Statement with Previous quarters &amp; years, -Lead Sheet Roll Forwarding, -Accounts Receivable Procedures ", " Ernst &amp; Young (EY) is a very highly qualified firm where a team of professionals work together. The management of the Company is very co-operative. Being a part of EY for the last 6 years, I have transformed myself from a im-matured personnel to a matured professional. The hardest part of the job is the im-balanced work and personal life which is compelling the staff to leave the organization. ", " A typical day consists of mail checking, scheduling, followups, template review, core task execution, daily stand up meetings, effort tracking and reporting  Management is decent not more of people driven but business driven  Co workers are typical humans responding very much the human way. But good knowledge share and corporate culture  The hardest part of the job would be managing the ever growing expectation of managers ( for example : increasing the quality from 99.85% to 100%)  Learning. is the most enjoyable part of job. Frequent exposure to new processes and protocols. being flexible to inculcate the revised process definition and expectation. ", " Working on daily, weekly, monthly and ad-hoc reports. How to dissect a large amount of data so that it can be used for decision making and performance checking purpose. The management was very involved in the day to day process and easy to approach. The co-workers were very helpful and I was able to learn a lot very quickly. The best part of the job was working on automating or improving the reports. ", " A typical day working as a Tax Analyst at Ernst &amp; Young included preparing and reviewing US tax returns and the related workbooks.  I learned a lot at work, especially coping to high pressure and meeting tough deadlines.  The management at Ernst &amp; Young were a constant source of guidance.  The co-workers were very friendly and supportive.  The hardest part of the job was delivering the required result on time, since on most occasions the deadline was very close.  The most enjoyable part of the job was having done the job up to the mark and client specifications, making the client happy. ", " The job that I do deals in preparing tax returns for individuals of various clients and doing tax analyst, overall work environment is very good but, the hard work that is put in during the entire time does not seed acceptable level of fruitfulness, gets discouraging after a point.  However if you are not keen of having a career in core finance field then it is good place that has very high growth opportunities after 3 years. ", " Working in EY is a challenge because the assignments assigned to you are not simple or easy to crack.  However, with the help of my seniors and team mates [co-workers], I was able to complete my assignments within the given frame of time. I learned/ un-learned/ re-learned at EY everyday and this experience was amazing and challenging at the same time. ", " \"Ernst &amp; young\" -: For many people in India its just a dream company. It was my dream come true when I cleared the interviews held in my college campus.  During my tenure with EY I truely felt that it is one of the best places to work. The management, my colleagues &amp; peers were not only supportive but also friendly which helped to learn my work within few days. The friday fun activities, annual day celebration, cricket, n various activities had really kept my spirit alive and this had encouraged me to work efficiently. ", " Responsible for the preparing federal tax work papers (Investment partnership workpapers and K-1 suite) and state workpapers in excel to calculate taxable income using US Tax laws for Partnership and Corporate Firms, and SMLLC\u2019s US tax consulting, and return filing for partnerships 1065, 1120, SMLLC, 1041 trust returns and State Returns as per their requirements.  Preparing various forms as per the requirements like. 8886, 8825, 4797, 4562 , 8621, 8865,1042s and etc. ", " Company provided a friendly and flexible environment. It has a good learning platform and so many courses provided for Interpersonal developments. The career growth for entry level employees are a in a bit slow phase still responsibilities and new projects are handled to entry level employees with the confidence that they can do it. And this acts as a motivation for them to prove their skills and improve themsleves. ", " work life balance and team work lacking  Starts day at 9.00 am My learning is basically related to only Direct Taxation so my profile and learning gets limited just to direct tax only and does not get any accounts, indirect tax or audit exposure.  Co- workers outside the team who are fellow consultants are welcoming and helpful.  Extracting the knowledge and guidance on information required being a fresher and working in the system for the first time. Also work life balance issues are there.  Trainings and Residential schools where we get to meet new People accrosse the board and interact and do networking. ", " The company is a fun place to work, with a good working environment. The management is very approachable and H.R. holds a strong role in the company. Emphasis is given on work-life balance and lots of events are organized time and again to keep the spirits up. Though over the period of time, the job gets repetitive and monotonous, which is the hardest part of working in the organization. Moreover, growth is extremely slow in the in this organization . ", " E &amp; Y is a great place to work. I enjoy coming to work everyday. I have learnt a lot to list down few things are communication, Team and people handling, Knowledge enhancement and has a great working relationship with co-workers.  The only hardest part is that people's perception makes a big impact in any one's growth which sometines becomes hardest go accept.  The most enjoyable part of my job was during the initial stages where I was handling almost everything from Recruitment, training and operations ", " I would like to say that over all it was gud experience for me in EY, I have learnt professionalism,deal with the problems and complete the task on or before stipulated time given which is most important thing. Co-workers were very helpful, they always ready to resolve eachother problems.  Hardest part as such nothing but during month end &amp; year end as we had to work hard and strech for making reports and present it to management. Every day I used to go to lunch with my team mates and used to do lot of fun &amp; share our thought to impove process. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Had all the components of an organization. Job Work/Life Balance Salary/Benefits Job Security/Advancement Management Job Culture ", " Ernst &amp; Young is excellent company in eevery aspect and it is indeed a great place to work especially for Women.   I was an Advance Associate and was more into Reporting and Mailbox Monitoring. It was always fun at work and I have also learnt many things especially MS Excel. Management is also  good. Overall its a great place to work. ", " Engagement Dynamics, Team Management, Operational Aspects,It been great pleasure to be part of EY, Best class working culture ", " The company is one of the Big 4 Audit firms in the world. There is alot of learning at the job and about. The work is quite challenging and enhances one's skill in positive way. ", " Alike life, each day at EY is new. There are new challenges to handle and new opportunities to grab. You are the captain of your own ship with help available as and when the need is. The leadership is inspiring and the team that you work with is world class.  Handling uncertainty is both the hardest part as well as the most enjoyable part of working at EY. ", " Gained a knowledge which gives a platform in growing professionally. The work environment is very good. Colleagues are very co-operative. ", " Everyday was a new challenge and a new obstacle to be dealt with the same day. Work was fun and required immense dedication to perform. Rewards and recognition programs were also there to keep people motivated to achive and managers pushed you to do better and improve processes constantly. ", " EY is a great place to work and have learnt a lot here since the day I joined. The amount of exposure I got here was commendable. I worked for the Global reporting team wherein I got the opportunity to Interact with Directors, Partners, Global / Service Line and Area CFOs directly. My role and the scope of work kept expanding throughout and currently I am part of the Global Planning and Operations team lead by Group CFO of PBFA. ", " - A good organisation to learn and impact on the system - Ability to move into other domain and work on cross functional projects - High level of meritocracy ", " EY is India's No.1 company in consulting and is withholding its position aggressively. It is known to pick up the best talent in the market and acquire some of the most sought after clients.   EY has been an arena full of learning opportunities and possibilities. Co-workers have been great and of been much help. The management is hungry for the best talent in the market and is very responsive. ", " Great Place to Work. Learnt alot in a short span of time. Good Team outings and events. Good opportunities of growth and rotations to overseas. ", " Teamwork, fun filled environment, employee first company, Facilities includes Gym, Pool, Table Tennis. Learning environment ", " Have to work for 9 hours a day. Work nature in EY is generally not hectic. Co workers and the management were extremely helpful and friendly. Grabbed some networking skills and other cyber security knowledge.Learned things like email and corporate etiquette.   Hardest part of the job is that we had to work in shifts and that it affects our health in a negative way since we need to change and adopt to different shift timings each month.  Enjoyable part is that the company provides a lot of recreational activities like games, events, outings, dinners etc etc. ", " work performed- FEMA , Foreign exchange laws, RBI notifications work culture is friendly and learning Management and co- workers are really supportive and helpful Learning through various projects like 'FDI in retail market' &amp; 'Legal framework of E-commerce Induatry' ", " A great place to work, grow and groom yourself. Culture is very healthy and very friendly. Sometimes work is just over too much but that;s how it is. Still its always fun. ", " EY is a place where you can work and enjoy.  EY GTH got and advantage where you will be send to different EY offices across the world for working or Training purposes. ", " It has been 2.5 years since I have joined EY. It has been one of my dream companies and i cherish every moment there. Met lot of good people, good leaders, great mentors and so on.  I would like to recommend EY to my colleagues and all those who wish to have a MNC experience. ", " This is one of the best places to work in.  The day at work is organized and well driven.  The management is concerned about the employee satisfaction and thrives to bring that. ", " I work for the EMS- Engagement Managaement Service which is under the dept of Tax.We deliver the tax returns to clients. My everyday work is very regular and monotonous. My team and my co-workers are very much fun and flexible to work with. The environment and work culture is a major thumbs up It has been over a year and I have learnt a lot especially how to work in lead and time management.   The hardest part is to withstand the long hours of work that gets stressful without any benefits as such. The personal and professional life balance becomes difficult. This is my first job and has been quite a different and learning experience.  I look forward to better opportunities wherein I can work better with not just with the computer but with a lot of other things that goes around, something to learn something new each day. ", " E&amp;Y India IT advisory is one of the most disgusting places to work. Very rude and horrible managers. Very nice co-workers. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " EY is an organisation which helped me in enhancing decision making  and teaming skills. EY provides emphasize on organisational values. I had a good opportunity to work with a cooperative team from whom I could learn a lot about teaming, trust and mutual respect. Working with the global clients and providing services beyond their expectations helped me in gaining marketing skills, understanding the customers and their culture. The challenging part of my job was to provide the deliverables  in the given deadlines with quality beyond their customers expectations. I found all the team projects as enjoyable as it was having challenges and deadlines. ", " Pretty good place to work but no work life balance .. always working weekly 60 to 70 hours of work. looking for a change immediately ", " Engaging,Motivational and challenging work atmosphere with emphasis on work life balance,promoting harmony in ad outside work enviornments ", " Learned assurance functioning for Private equity, Hedge funds and various other Asset Management Securities. Experienced a healthy work environment. ", " \uf0d8\tHandling Invoices (Incoming/Pending invoices). \uf0d8\tCreating Purchase orders and Bret documents. \uf0d8\tHousekeeping and manpower management. \uf0d8\tManaging registers such as attendance register, stock register, material movement register, nightshift allowance register and vehicle movement register. \uf0d8\tConducting fire awareness and safety drills. \uf0d8\tManaging couriers, stationery, medicine and food coupons. \uf0d8\tCoordinate between HR and employees on basic queries, grievances, allowances and sundry payments. \uf0d8\tClient hospitality supervision and basic front desk duties. ", " Productive only. No fun. Extended working hours. Saturday working day. Nothing to learn new. High pressure job. Nothing more to explain. ", " Apart on floor growth EY also provides great deal of qualified Study opportunities for e.g. ACCA,CPA and CFA. People can grow well. EY provides a great work Life balance and is a women oriented firm.The hardest part of job is that work has to be performed in accordance with the strict Deadlines but on other hand there is so much learning involved. EY spends a lot of cost on the trainings to maintain the quality standards and they have always been knowledgeable sessions. ", " Good exposure for front end consulting Long hours and poor pay do not make it worth the while ", " Productive workplace and best in employee welfare. We have a good work-life balance. Good place to learn and higher management is approachable ", " EnY is best place to join as a fresher, you will have loads of fun. They are very quality oriented and demands a lot of attention to quality. Long hours is a pain, most of the time managers run behind achieving hourly goals and accuracy goals. There are quite good rotation opportunities but less transparency. ", " Nearly 13+ years\u2019 experience, in the areas of Project Management &amp; Software Testing on web based solutions and client server environment using both Manual and Automated testing procedures.          Presently associated with Ernst &amp; Young Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore as Test Manager. With 4+ years of experience in Guidewire technology in Insurance domain with various clients in different countries, and exposure to client facing in Japan, London, U.S. with different business configuration, Integration and Migration needs and their associated needs. ", " Started my career with Ersnt and Young in 2012 in Fornsic Department. Got to learn and work on various kind of engagements. It has been a great exposure. Had worked on FCPA, fraud vulnerability assessment, FDA projects (worked on 2 major FDA projects), background search.  Looking forward to work in the same field with more and more learning. ", " Excellent educative experience, Team is very helpful. People come from varied experience in recruitment. Flat team growth and very transparent work environment ", " We always have work filled with joy. Really admired of work culture. I experienced good coordinatiion and continuous support from all my team members. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is excellent company in eevery aspect and it is indeed a great place to work especially for Women.   I was an Advance Associate and was more into Reporting and Mailbox Monitoring. It was always fun at work and I have also learnt many things especially MS Excel. Management is also  good. Overall its a great place to work. ", " The environment is fast-paced and you are expected to take ownership and responsibilities very quickly. Co-workers are really fun yet ambitious and competitive. There is intense internal competition within the firm. It's a place for the ambitious. ", " Been for 7 years with the company, across two locations.  EY provides a very stimulating environment which fuels growth for the employees who work here.    It has been an enriching experience. ", " Good for people who have reached pinnacle of their career,bad for people just starting the career.Management is useless and onsite opportunities sucks. ", " I had an enriching work experince at EY which lasted for more than 15 months. It marked my journey form the College to Corporate very smoothly. It has been a great learning experience in my career path ", " Very Flexible working and Employee Friendly organisation. Give lot of importance for recognizing the performance of employees. Overall it was great experience working at EY. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " I felt that E&amp;Y is a good place to work and where your capabilities are recognized.  The environment promotes growth and provides a platform to showcase your capabilities.  Personally I had a chance to interact with lot of different people at different levels which enhanced my learning experience and helped me to improve my interaction skills. ", " A typical day at work included monitoring mail box, working on multiple reports, processing tax organizer, drafting tax documents to clients, reviewing mail work.  I learned a lot about tax preparation with regards to different countries as i supported multiple countries, i also learned about different tools used for tax preparation for different countries.  Management was amazing, including my co-workers cos even though i was a part of one team, during requirement i was flexible to support different teams, biggest challenge was to learn the new process from different team, but i enjoyed coordinating with new people and learned a lot in terms of process and knowledge. ", " Productive and friendly workplace, good place for freshers. good development and training programs.. overall good place to work and good growth in career. ", " A typical day would start by reviewing the emails and actions to be done accordingly followed by a lot of learning extra and also from the mistakes. ", " Worked as an associate in EMS (Engagement Managerial Service) Great team mates. Non-accounting (tax department) Friendly atmosphere Fun at work ", " My typical day at work starts with processing mails and sorting down in a note pad my to do list.I have learned to develop my skills, organize my work flow , better handle the team in high volumes. The hardest part in this job was night shifts and the most enjoyable part is the fun at work. ", " Good place to work. Learned a lot during my tenure with EY. Supporting colleagues and a great working environment. We have internal trainings in EY which helps every individual  to grow personally. ", " EY was a great learning experience for me. Great culture, great people.  Sometimes the work can be very hectic, a lot depends on your rapport with the partner and your opinion with management. ", " In the Audit field ( Technology ,Media and Telecommunication ) Good exposure about the statutory audit , Limited reviews and tax audits Learnt about Igaap , ifrs and usgaap ", " Ernst &amp; Young is overall a good company and has a good growth rate but the work is repetitive so it might get boring at times. ", " - Self motivating and learning - Team work and co ordination - Updating through various media - Sharing the gathered information's with teammates - Guiding and motivating team when in need ", " It was a big challenge working there due to imbalance between personal and professional life because time for check-in needs to be followed but check-out time is on paper only. ", " EY, as rated as one of the best place to work, really gives their employees a good work life balance.  It gives women a flexibility to work. It always encourages and motivates employees to be more productive.   Not only work, but it adds many fun elements to the workplace and creates good work place environment. ", " Good to be a part of EY as I have learned a lot and excelled in professional life. Would certainly recommend it to my friends ", " This is a good company to start your career with and you will learn a lot. I am into individual taxes for 2 countries and work for 10 months continuously and it becomes a bit hectic being  very busy (like 9.30 am to 9pm+) for 10 out of 12 months a year. If you really like taxes, then go for it, you will grow really fast. People complain about office politics but then i think its there in most of the offices, you just have to adjust it. I am mainly talking about taxes and people working like me in EY, might be the work life balance be better in other areas and I have seen people happy too ;p.....just kidding. Overall its a good company, pays fine too initially!!! ", " The company is purely revenue oriented. Burdens of work. Low on work-life balance. HOWEVER, the company offers brilliant learning curve. Working on multiple projects, dealing with multiple clients, travelling to multiple locations really shapes the professional and interpersonal skills of the employees. ", " People friendly company.There are lot of opportunities in EY to learn and add to your experience. Bonding with colleagues satisfactory. ", " A great place to learn and grow if you are a \"business\" person. An excellent platform for young people with aspirations to be great entrepreneurs. It is a very wide network of people and hence there is enormous exposure to different cultures, work habits and opportunities too. ", " The services is provided by me its incredible, because of the processes set by managers. I had learnt to work under pressure. ", " Worked as a tax analyst for a Corporate Income tax team. I learnt how tax planning plays an important role in financing decisions. I learnt effective communication with people overseas and this has enhanced my exposure to the Corporate World and Corporate Governance. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " A wonderful place like second Home. Got many trustworthy friends and could find out I want to be. Experience a different co-operate culture. ", " EY is a great place to work. Healthy working culture with motivating work environment. One of the best place to start your carrer. ", " EY is a great place to work. I helps develop an individual to meet both personal and organizational goals in an effective way. ", " I worked in a small team with challenging tasks.Worked with all the service Lines - Tax, TAS, Assurance and Advisory.  I workd as an learning and development coordinator at EY for 2 years. ", " Nearly 13+ years\u2019 experience, in the areas of Project Management &amp; Software Testing on web based solutions and client server environment using both Manual and Automated testing procedures.          Presently associated with Ernst &amp; Young Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore as Test Manager. With 4+ years of experience in Guidewire technology in Insurance domain with various clients in different countries, and exposure to client facing in Japan, London, U.S. with different business configuration, Integration and Migration needs and their associated needs. ", " Poeples freindly company. Laid importance on recognition. ", " Great place to learn from best practices. Highly motivated colleagues from whom you can learn a lot. Great opportunity to update oneself technically. Cons are bad work life balance, at times unhealthy competition between colleagues. ", " I had a wonderful career at EY. Lots of career opurtunities. lots of outing . Fun at work. ", " EY is good company to work with. There are lot of opportunities in EY to learn and add to your experiences. ", " Ernst &amp; Company is a best place to work.Its got amazing work culture and people who extends a helping end. The only problem at EY is long hours of work which is pressurizing and stressful. I also learned how to interact and communicate with people, teamwork, time management &amp; computer skills. The hardest part of the job is it is daunting and stressful. ", " Ernst &amp; Young (known as EY) is a multinational professional services firm headquartered in London, United Kingdom. It is one of the \"Big Four\" audit firms[6][7] and is the third largest professional services firm in the world by aggregated revenue in 2014.  The organization operates as a network of member firms which are separate legal entities in individual countries. It has 190,000 employees and more than 700 offices in over 150 countries. It provides assurance (including financial audit), tax, consulting and advisory services to companies.[8]  The firm dates back to 1849 with the founding of Harding &amp; Pullein in England. The current firm was formed by a merger of Ernst &amp; Whinney and Arthur Young &amp; Co. in 1989.[9] It was known as Ernst &amp; Young until 2013, when it underwent a rebranding to EY. The acronym \"EY\" was already an informal name for the firm prior to its official adoption.[10] ", " Brand name, opportunity for steadily increasing salary if you are excelling at your job. ", " I was involved in statutory audits/ tax audits/limited reviews of various companies across industries which include Hewlett Packard India, Sasken Communication Technologies, Taib Capital, i2 Technologies etc ", " I am getting a good exposure here .It is one of the best place to work where we can learn new things everyday. ", " Gives great exposure to employees and helps you achieve new skills and learning that one is interested in. ", " Got good amount of experience and exposure. However, long working hours and 24*7 work leads to imbalance of personal and professional life. However, enjoyed working even in such situation ", " Normal, The Middle management is not aligned to organization vision of 2020 ", " 1. Very good firm. I'll vouch only for the consulting practice. Not sure about the audit practice 2. Fast track and very intra-prenurial (specific practices depending on the partner) 3. Very less work life balance ", " EY is a better place to work in with more work-life balance. No work-pressure, Management is also good. It is fastest growing company. One of Top4 Companies in World.  WE get a good exposure since it is MNC. Most enjoyable part was the direct feedback from the clients we are working for. Their Awards and Recognition schemes were also good.  Team structure was also nice. ", " Work was stagnant, there was no growth. Hard work was not recognised. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " I was working with Hewlett-Packard, Bangalore before moving EY here in Kerala. The only difference which i felt was only the work culture. Apart from that its a good place to work with. ", " was responsible to manage a team of people in India which was mainly serving audit clients in US and various parts of Europe. My main role was to ensure that all teams are aligned properly as per timelines and ensure that work is properly understood &amp; executed as part of expectations. ", " aggressive people no work life balance no respect for team members ", " High work volumes  professionalism  Excellent work culture and a good environment  excellent team players  nothing was hard when i could learn the process  could learn new things every day ", " Ernst &amp; Young is a big four Audit Company, it was a well organised professional firm, which immensely take care of the employees.  The colleagues there are supportive and provides a healthy environment. ", " It is a place where we have more number of service lines by which focus to grass root level is obtained working in each sector. Flexible employment policy and employee friendly process make this great work place ", " Great to work with! Management is really good. Awesome place to learn new things. Work culture is good. ", " Good work-life balance and a nice place to get your learning curve growing. ", " We always have work filled with joy. Really admired of work culture. I experienced good coordinatiion and continuous support from all my team members. ", " regular work breaks available with no hard and fast rule for job period, a great support from co-workers,self learning environment,great management and services, hard days come when all of the head members changes the project design and have to start from the scratch and most enjoyable time while meeting other fellow members ", " Hi all,  I was part of the US Tax compliance, as Tax Analyst. It is definitely a great learning experience, you meet a lot of people and get to have fun at work.  During the busy seasons, work is usually hectic and mostly you spend close to 12-16hrs in office, which is intense and needs lot of patience while your working on client deadlines.  Post busy season is time for relaxation and some fun events, you will have lot of activities in office to be part of, which is really interesting and fun.  Most imporantly is to have a good relationship with seniors and councellor as they are your real support and guidence. Keeping good terms is really important as this will depend your future career at EY.  Overall a great place to work and learn. ", " very good experience. many technical based questions well organized management very friendly ", " EY is a very vibrant place to work as it is driven by entrepreneurial spirit and believes in 'Right here, right now' concept of working. EY Leadership is very nimble footed and very visionary in terms of changing track in this dynamic business environment. ", " &gt; Nice team to support one another. &gt; Good support from the onsite members to schedule their day to day activities. &gt; Annual day functions. &gt; Free food during night shifts, ", " A good organisation to work with, extremely good to start a career with. The growth and learning has been tremendous. ", " It is good place to start working for however learning curve is not good. ", " A place where you will learn a lot at the cost of long working hours ", " \uf0d8\tHandling Invoices (Incoming/Pending invoices). \uf0d8\tCreating Purchase orders and Bret documents. \uf0d8\tHousekeeping and manpower management. \uf0d8\tManaging registers such as attendance register, stock register, material movement register, nightshift allowance register and vehicle movement register. \uf0d8\tConducting fire awareness and safety drills. \uf0d8\tManaging couriers, stationery, medicine and food coupons. \uf0d8\tCoordinate between HR and employees on basic queries, grievances, allowances and sundry payments. \uf0d8\tClient hospitality supervision and basic front desk duties. ", " EY is a great place to work. I have learned a lot of skills related to reporting, people management etc. ", " EY is a very good MNC in terms of work-life balance and job culture. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " A great place to work, grow and groom yourself. Culture is very healthy and very friendly. Sometimes work is just over too much but that;s how it is. Still its always fun. ", " Incredible exposure to the industry. Helped in building sector based knowledge and expertise. Development of critical thinking and analytical approach to problem solving. ", " JOB TITLE- TAX SENIOR [ FINANCIAL ANALYSIS and FIXED INCOME DEBTS ]  FIANACIAL PLANNING AND ANALYSIS[ Budgeting, Variance analysis [ Budget vs actuals ] Month end analysis/ Project analysis, Income statement and Balance sheet analysis [ Ratio analysis ] and FIXED INCOME ANALYSIS ( Debt analysis (Original issue discount and Market discount rules - ABS, CDO, MBS,  RMBS, CMBS, TFS, cost recovery bonds, term loans (scheduled and unscheduled payment ), IRS 1272a(3) and a(6) calculations) / CDO) Bangalore from Dec 2007 to present ", " - Usually it is very tiring day since there is no surety on leaving for the day.  - It is a good learning experience. Handled various tax matters of many multinational companies  - Very well organized company  - Very helpful people around, very knowledgeable, smart with good personality  - Work timings and less challenges  - Fun events ", " I was working with Hewlett-Packard, Bangalore before moving EY here in Kerala. The only difference which i felt was only the work culture. Apart from that its a good place to work with. ", " A great place to learn and grow if you are a \"business\" person. An excellent platform for young people with aspirations to be great entrepreneurs. It is a very wide network of people and hence there is enormous exposure to different cultures, work habits and opportunities too. ", " Good work environment, great Management. Learnt undertaking delegated project work, to provide support and information to intermediaries/clients.  Significant experience gained in overseeing operations for driving business by effective relationship management and delivery of value added services. ", " It was a great learning experience working at Ernst and Young, learnt a great deal of things like team co operation, leadership skills, time management etc. Its a People oriented company which takes a lot of care and responsibility of its employees ", " Good environment and has friendly athmosphere. Gives opportunity for employees to have career growth in the firm..EY provides opportunity to balance both work and personnal life.  Really a grest place to work to have a long career growth. ", " same as mentioned in review summary.   The Company has various employee related benefits and also the policies are employee friendly.  Great place to start one's carrer and grow along with the firm. ", " Brand name, opportunity for steadily increasing salary if you are excelling at your job. ", " EY LLP was an amazing place to work with. The work culture there is really good.. work is productive and lesser work pressure were there compared to peer firms. ", " I was into Tax and work culture was very good. All the team members including team lead were very supportive. Overall experience was good. ", " Great work place and knowledge. Excellent work culture. Excellent lateral and upward relationship ", " My co workers were very supportive.The hardest part of the job was delivering the over burdened work on time without delay and this was also the most enjoyable part of the job because of the adreline rush it gave. ", " In the matter of 4 months, I gained vast amount of knowledge &amp; management skills &amp; the best part is that the working on Microsoft Office has been a great enhancement in this period.  The ambiance was great, Great people team, skillful managed. ", " Great place to learn from best practices. Highly motivated colleagues from whom you can learn a lot. Great opportunity to update oneself technically. Cons are bad work life balance, at times unhealthy competition between colleagues. ", " Ernst &amp; Young (known as EY) is a multinational professional services firm headquartered in London, United Kingdom. It is one of the \"Big Four\" audit firms[6][7] and is the third largest professional services firm in the world by aggregated revenue in 2014.  The organization operates as a network of member firms which are separate legal entities in individual countries. It has 190,000 employees and more than 700 offices in over 150 countries. It provides assurance (including financial audit), tax, consulting and advisory services to companies.[8]  The firm dates back to 1849 with the founding of Harding &amp; Pullein in England. The current firm was formed by a merger of Ernst &amp; Whinney and Arthur Young &amp; Co. in 1989.[9] It was known as Ernst &amp; Young until 2013, when it underwent a rebranding to EY. The acronym \"EY\" was already an informal name for the firm prior to its official adoption.[10] ", " This is one of the best places to work in.  The day at work is organized and well driven.  The management is concerned about the employee satisfaction and thrives to bring that. ", " E&amp;Y India IT advisory is one of the most disgusting places to work. Very rude and horrible managers. Very nice co-workers. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " EY is a great place to work, it is a productive as well as fun workplace. Great opportunities for growth. ", " EY is very productive and fun working place. There we can find cultural and professional fest. ", " The work culture is good. Lot of learning opportunities.The Management is very open to new ideas. The Firm takes lots of initatives to improve work environment and participates in many social responsibilities to create better working world. ", " EY has always been known to be the best place to work with due to the job culture. This place is really employee friendly. As a fresher it was a great start of my corporate life. I learned to manage people from different sects and how to handle different situations along with lot of MS office skills, communication, team management, training  and developed many qualities like being assertive, paying attention to detail etc.  Everyone had to strictly follow the EY culture where everybody is treated equally no matter which position you are in. All that differs is the experience and the responsibilities. Every work has been systematic and we were always given the freedom to explore new ideas to improve the process for a reward. Since i was part of the TAX team, it was tough during the busy tax season where we had to work extra hours. I had to quit from there because I had to relocate to Abudhabi after my wedding.I would be extremely happy if i get a chance at EY Abudhabi ", " Training and brain storming sessions used to happen on a daily basis. Got to work with different teams and hence helped me learn a lot. ", " Will feel like running from there. Not enough salary for the work doing ", " New challenges. Learning opportunities.  Internal techincal tranning. ", " Good experience, ethical , no work life balance, too much of politics ", " everything was nice and co workers.  The most enjoyable part was new projects ", " Awesome work culture. Learned technical skills well managed atmosphere Long working hours was the hardest part of the job Had amazing co-workers ", " As it was my first Job I have learned so many things. How to manage, how to tackle, when to taken action. how to complete your work in short period of time. process knowledge and many more activities. ", " EY helped me to learn a lot of things ranging from people skills, auditing and softwares ", " A mltinational company which gave me an prefect environment to work with lot of supporting colleagues and it helped me to learn how to live in a corporate world. ", " At EY it was a good learning experience. The seniors are really helpful &amp; are always there to help you. ", " Though EY gave me good exprosure and experience working with the stakeholders at a distance. I am currently working with the Business Development Leaders/Partners directly. ", " Always BC in handling projects  and learned a lot by taking different types of work related to different prospects and have good relations with clients and good feed back from client for delivering the work as per their expected time. ", " I have spend 5 years at EY, I know the in and out of system at my level, Culture is warm and welcomming. I have spend days working late when required, recived regonition many times, I have learned soo many things.   The hardest part of my job was to manage people , a pillar, I dont have a control even if I am demonstrating all my values at EY. However, this has taught me that no technical knowledge or skill as important as interpersonnel skills to move the value chain. ", " Was hired during the busy season on a contract basis so had to work for 12 to 13 hours a day. Fun place, helpful people around, most seniors and managers are polite and easy to deal with, Good canteen.  Work is mostly on MS-Excel, PDF and MS visio  Hardest part of the job is meeting deadlines due to the timing difference between India and the US.  Enjoyable part is that you get great friends and the environment and the place itself has a postive vibe. ", " EY is one of the organization one can actually aspire for. It is a brilliant place to work with with an excellent work culture. ", " EY is great place to work, you can have proper work life balance and also there fun at work place. Fridays we have fun fridays and also people around are great. But when it comes to Compensation EY is a poor pay master. Management is not that great but can work in this place.   Learning perspective, its a great place to build knowledge and develop you technical and interpersonal skills.  You learn in each company, neither a company is bad or good it upto a person to take what it needs him/her to achieve the goal "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Working in EY is a challenge because the assignments assigned to you are not simple or easy to crack.  However, with the help of my seniors and team mates [co-workers], I was able to complete my assignments within the given frame of time. I learned/ un-learned/ re-learned at EY everyday and this experience was amazing and challenging at the same time. ", " EY is a great company to work, good work culture and management. ", " Responsible for the preparing federal tax work papers (Investment partnership workpapers and K-1 suite) and state workpapers in excel to calculate taxable income using US Tax laws for Partnership and Corporate Firms, and SMLLC\u2019s US tax consulting, and return filing for partnerships 1065, 1120, SMLLC, 1041 trust returns and State Returns as per their requirements.  Preparing various forms as per the requirements like. 8886, 8825, 4797, 4562 , 8621, 8865,1042s and etc. ", " In the matter of 4 months, I gained vast amount of knowledge &amp; management skills &amp; the best part is that the working on Microsoft Office has been a great enhancement in this period.  The ambiance was great, Great people team, skillful managed. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is an excellent organization that offers excellent growth opportunities. Very employee friendly, and has best-in-class work environment and culture. ", " This is one of the best places to work in.  The day at work is organized and well driven.  The management is concerned about the employee satisfaction and thrives to bring that. ", " one of the best comapnies to work for in india and especialy for chartered accountants. This is also one of teh Big fours in india ", " In E&amp;Y GSS, everyone live on the EY Values and demonstrate them at workplace. We have open door policy all the time. Management and the work culture is great. ", " I am getting a good exposure here .It is one of the best place to work where we can learn new things everyday. ", " Work was stagnant, there was no growth. Hard work was not recognised. ", " A great place to work, grow and groom yourself. Culture is very healthy and very friendly. Sometimes work is just over too much but that;s how it is. Still its always fun. ", " Training and brain storming sessions used to happen on a daily basis. Got to work with different teams and hence helped me learn a lot. ", " Productive and friendly workplace, good place for freshers. good development and training programs.. overall good place to work and good growth in career. ", " Already submitted for Ernst and yound LLP.  Its a great place to work with ", " aggressive people no work life balance no respect for team members ", " I enjoyed every single day of my work life in EY. Best workplace which keeps you motivated all time. ", " A good brand name to work with. The working environment is good. ", " I had the best first job experience. I was given the freedom to work the way I want, the knowledge provided by my managers and the support of my senior colleagues helped me gain valuable insight in the processes ", " Great to work with! Management is really good. Awesome place to learn new things. Work culture is good. ", " Good Corporate culture with wide opportunities to learn about the audits from various industries. It has excellent infrastructure and knowledge base. It boosts your knowledge and overall experience. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Good work-life balance and a nice place to get your learning curve growing. ", " Best place to work and for carees , work cultural totally free and nice. Fun at work and we will gain more knowledge Have cultural activies and sport commities who have talent  we will have lot of challenging in the task. ", " productive and fun work place and awesome work place. Work life balance was there.more of interactions. ", " Learned how to manage work life balance. Good experience to work there. ", " Learnt a lot about the various aspects of US taxation. You get good time to understand the work and also you get good support from the seniors and the management. ", " Salary and perk wise good place to work but one has very little personal time, considering sacrificed evenings and weekends. One left with little time for personal use. ", " aggressive people no work life balance no respect for team members ", " The real benefit is long term, just having that experience in my background still to this day opens doors professionally for me so the payoff is tremendous and long term. ", " EY is a great place to work and have learnt a lot here since the day I joined. The amount of exposure I got here was commendable. I worked for the Global reporting team wherein I got the opportunity to Interact with Directors, Partners, Global / Service Line and Area CFOs directly. My role and the scope of work kept expanding throughout and currently I am part of the Global Planning and Operations team lead by Group CFO of PBFA. ", " The organization consist of various team under different service lines. I was part of the International tax team. I reported to the senior manager and had a team of 4 persons reporting to me.   EY has help me develop my professional skills and abilities and given me opportunities to be an asset and contribute to the organization as well. Hard and smart work is appreciated and recognized through an award, which I was honored to receive along with the highest rate in my performance evaluation.  The main moto was team work where everyone worked together, contributed new ideas and in turn created value to the assignment as a whole.  Handling difficult clients and situations at the work place is a challenge at the work place. However, the in-house trainings and on the job experience has helped me work in difficult, critical and time crushing situations with ease. ", " The team was not set up and there were multiple delays due to which was not satisfied with the work atmosphere in EY GSS, Kerala. Hardest part of the job was to wait for the work to arrive. Enjoyable part of the job was the location. ", " Good place to work for women employees. Fun to work with EY. How to gain clients trust is what I learnt at EY. Management is good at EY. Working in shifts is hard. ", " Training and brain storming sessions used to happen on a daily basis. Got to work with different teams and hence helped me learn a lot. ", " I enjoyed every single day of my work life in EY. Best workplace which keeps you motivated all time. ", " I had strethed as it was crucial day to complete the work being allocated. Hence I had worked from Morning 9.30 to next day morning 4.30. As it was my first company, I learnt many values in EY which I am carrying with me. Be confident in watever the situation and face it. The seniors and the team was really good who were supportive always whenever I was need of it. Everyday was fun day in EY. I used to enjoy my work daily. It was fun working in 1.5 years of tenure in EY. ", " Everyday is a learning experience. The co-workers at the office are good and always helpful.  The management does take initiatives to make your work count ", " Good company to work. Excellent work environment long working hours less promotions ", " Fun at work place, equal distribution of work, cooperative management and co workers,  ", " Great work environment. Lots of support from the management. Wonderful Co-workers.. Get to learn a lot if you are a fresher. ", " I was in Quality &amp; Risk Management (Q&amp;RM) departement in Advisory team wherein I do the review of agreements that the EY Partners come into with the companies clients. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " An excellent workplace that gives challenging opportunities. Buddy support for the new joiners is one great thing I have seen in EY. Hard work and dedication is appreciated and recognised. ", " The work environment is good and also packages and yearly hike is exceptionally well, however the concern is only with the shift which iam in to...its a complete graveyard shift for Finance people which we cannot continue for longer periods, especially when you start a family and have lot of commitments..Other than that its a good company. ", " Challenging opportunities We had a 24hour TAT for our work, which sometimes led to stretching for long hours. Management is employee friendly. ", " Already submitted for Ernst and yound LLP.  Its a great place to work with ", " Good I learned about accuracy at work. Maintaining good relations with our team and other teams. ", " fun and work learning never   stops should improve amazing  good working with EY, have been in the company so long coz loved working here ", " It is a very good place to lean and lots of platform and independence to prove oneself. ", " EY really helped me a lot in my learning and making me a good tax professional. I got opportunity to work on various important clients and assignments. ", " Everyday is a learning experience. The co-workers at the office are good and always helpful.  The management does take initiatives to make your work count ", " One of the great place to work. The only reason I am looking for a change for better career perspective. ", " Learned softwares like Caseware for keeping audit documentations, Learned about GAM, Learned about sampling tools,etc. ", " Wipro culture is different from other companies. It creates a leader in their employees and give the chances to develop their skills. ", " 1) Working in FPNA department and responsible for carrying out the all finance support function for geographies like EMEIA. 2) Best part of my job is every time I am facing new challenges which keeps me motivated. 3) Learned about Planning, Budgeting, Forecasting, Capex, Opex, P&amp;L, BS, Management reporting, Adhoc reports, Hyperion planning, Essbase reporting, Microsoft Analysis services, Excel, VBA ", " Exceptionally placed out of the big 4 firms, The best firm in taxation by miles Lots of opportunities to grab and grow ", " Everyday was a learning for me at EY.   Had got maximum exposure inspite being an intern.  Was able to handle individual tasks &amp; direct contact with clients.  Many trainings &amp; knowledge was shared. ", " I have learned a lot from my lovely employer EY  It's the best place I have ever seen to learn new things in the mainstream and in general.  Good luck...!! ", " Very professional and positive work environment with ample opportunities for growth and advancement. ", " Awesome work experience with EY GSS  for about 2.5 years.  Talk to anyone at EY and they\u2019ll tell you what a rewarding place it is to work. As you collaborate with colleagues in our high-performing teams, you gain exposure to some of the most demanding and stimulating challenges in the business world.  Every experience and insight is something you can take with you as your career progresses. In fact, we believe that it genuinely lasts a lifetime.  We attract individuals from different backgrounds and cultures who \u2014 like you \u2014 bring a unique point of view and unique business skills. You\u2019ll work with great people and will be exposed to a range of alternative perspectives.  Everyone\u2019s opinion is valued. After all, diversity of thought and ideas enables us to provide better services to our clients. In return for your input and ideas, we\u2019re committed to giving you the experiences you need to progress and develop as well as the learning and coaching to help you to excel. ", " Entrepreneurial environment at EY - it helps you take charge of your own career ", " I was in Quality &amp; Risk Management (Q&amp;RM) departement in Advisory team wherein I do the review of agreements that the EY Partners come into with the companies clients. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Learned many things... good and bad times but a good place to work.. had a great time working with EY ", " Amazing opportunities and exposure ..great projects to work on ", " A platform for All around development of personality, Both personally and professionally. ", " Mind blowing experience.  Awesome place to work for, gem of people in people management.  Professional and personal approach. . ", " Its a good firm. Beneficial for someone who just want job security. Growth opportunity based on performance can't be promised. ", " Great brand to work with and exposure to the work culture of Big4 world ", " Enjoyed working at E&amp;Y, the management is pretty good and cool but maintain professionalism environment ", " Working with EY has enhanced my way of thinking and working. I am able to construct myself harder at times when deadlines approach. ", " Working with EY was a good experience.Got lot of opportunities to learn ,develop and explore ", " Very good to work with the company, colleagues and management. ", " busy season was unorganised, however the rest of the days were good and various focus team coaching were held to improve team dynamics and performance. ", " same as mentioned in review summary.   The Company has various employee related benefits and also the policies are employee friendly.  Great place to start one's carrer and grow along with the firm. ", " Client Management being a vast area has given me the opportunity to learn a lot. Advanced Excel solutions, tracking various informations, hands on experience with direct mails to clients, training freshers on process details, supporting various teams. ", " Typical day was spend following the work plan prepared at the start of the project.   Data collection, analysis, co-ordination with client reps, query generation, reviewing junior colleagues work, preparing proposals, internal compliances, reporting to manager.  What I learned ? Project management, analysis, interviewing skills, spreadsheets, process analysis  Management ? Usually distant from day-to-day activities . Interaction once in two weeks.  Co-workers ? Great people with enthusiasm - friendly, helpful, professional.   Hardest part ? Not knowing what happened to your recomendations  Enjoyable part ? free lunches, high flying, office parties ", " A typical corporate company in terms of work that believes in adhering to client deadlines and expectations.  A company that polishes its employees's personality in every aspect and makes them competent to face all challenges on work front and life as general aswell. Definitely a fun workplace. ", " Good for people who have reached pinnacle of their career,bad for people just starting the career.Management is useless and onsite opportunities sucks. ", " -Friday -time management -personal and professional work life -friendly -weekends ", " best co workers, most enjoyable part of job was fun at work and help each other in accomplishing team work ", " I have enjoyed and created many cherish able memories working for one of the big 4 consulting/auditing firms .  My typical Day at work would require me to provide consultancy to the client  &amp; prepare themselves for facing the  Organization wide information security and business continuity Audits.  I have to constantly update and discuss the requirements/ actionables/ achievements with senior management of some of the top companies( Client facing role). Understanding Management's Bird eye view strategies processing through all the flows to get it  implemented on the ground as well as working as a bridge between the concerns of management and ground teams has given me immense learning regarding different perspectives and shades of management.  The best part is the fact that we work , innovate , improve and develop as a team who is constantly there to support each other in times of need or for just being there.  The enjoyable part is to transform the requirements of the designed policy in to an effectively functional Process./ doing internal audits for identifying the weakness and taking steps to strengthen them. ", " Lot of work stress but more employee friendy, lot of benifits to employees "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " It has been a great work experience with everyone management and co-workers. I actually learnt more about Big 4 work culture and management style. The best part is to work on global reports for big organizations ", " Day starts at 930 am an no one knows when it ends. I have learned Multitasking,  I have to work on 4-6 projects at a given day/time. Co-workers are good, everyone is in the same boat. Hardest part of the job is top management doesn't have a vision. ", " Good Corporate culture with wide opportunities to learn about the audits from various industries. It has excellent infrastructure and knowledge base. It boosts your knowledge and overall experience. ", " EY is an organisation which helped me in enhancing decision making  and teaming skills. EY provides emphasize on organisational values. I had a good opportunity to work with a cooperative team from whom I could learn a lot about teaming, trust and mutual respect. Working with the global clients and providing services beyond their expectations helped me in gaining marketing skills, understanding the customers and their culture. The challenging part of my job was to provide the deliverables  in the given deadlines with quality beyond their customers expectations. I found all the team projects as enjoyable as it was having challenges and deadlines. ", " signing the tax returns tax planning  Effective Tax Rate analysis Foreign Tax Credit analysis and reporting ", " Good managers, good learning and development training sessions, focus on developing technical skills - hence job not limited to data entry. ", " An excellent firm with good colleagues and alot of opportunities created for growth ", " A good work place and lot to learn. I love the work balance life environment and freedom for ladies ", " The day i joined the EY &amp; met with others my old collegemates there. I learned many many things:  1. Leadership qualities 2. Managing People &amp; Manager qualities   3. IFRS applications 4. Auditing under UK Law.  Management is excellent in EY - I belive I cant compare any other company in terms of management to that - really wonderful  I am very grateful to the co workers in EY , Many have shared there knowledge with me , especially the managers skills &amp; knowledge unbelievable &amp; friendly to all.  Hardest part is the day i left EY   The audit work and the other thing is discussions with co workers in the areas of audit. ", " Typical day at work - Usually employees will be there on the floor by 10 AM and will go through their e-mails and make sure that we have enough work for today. We will make the to do lists and work on it accordingly.  What you learned - I have learned many things during my tenure at EY whether its technical knowledge on Auditing, People management skill etc. On the whole my professional and personal career and skills were improved.  Management - Management always supported and initiated many ideas and opinions, if that was acceptable to them. Always ensured that, we all are involved and visible to them so that it would be easier for any one to have a co-operation and coordination between everyone.  Your co-workers - Supportive and Helpful  The hardest part of the job - Multiple clients in a week to handle and long hours.  The most enjoyable part of the job - Flexibility and equality. ", " I was worked in the team Quality and Risk Management where areas we look into globally. ", " As Ernst and Young was my first company, it will always hold a special place for me. Everything that I have learnt about corporate life comes from the time spent in EY. A fantastic place to work with an excellent work culture. ", " Friendly environment. Work is being supervised well and have a good backup for any problems. Women employes are given more concern. Free team lunches and outings. Learned and have better insight to finance, tax and accounts. ", " Initially work would start by assigning work to all subordinates, run  multiple reports , meet for 5 min to plan the day.  Teaming respect and sharing the work for the smooth run of the business.  Have fund in the evening to boost-up the team.  Submit reports to management daily.  Managing work in the absence of team members. ", " Engaging,Motivational and challenging work atmosphere with emphasis on work life balance,promoting harmony in ad outside work enviornments ", " Development of professional attitude and approach while working with high performing teams ", " I enjoyed every single day of my work life in EY. Best workplace which keeps you motivated all time. ", " Company provided a friendly and flexible environment. It has a good learning platform and so many courses provided for Interpersonal developments. The career growth for entry level employees are a in a bit slow phase still responsibilities and new projects are handled to entry level employees with the confidence that they can do it. And this acts as a motivation for them to prove their skills and improve themsleves. ", " Great learning place. Excellent working climate. Good career opportunities. ", " I had an enriching work experince at EY which lasted for more than 15 months. It marked my journey form the College to Corporate very smoothly. It has been a great learning experience in my career path "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Responsible for the preparing federal tax work papers (Investment partnership workpapers and K-1 suite) and state workpapers in excel to calculate taxable income using US Tax laws for Partnership and Corporate Firms, and SMLLC\u2019s US tax consulting, and return filing for partnerships 1065, 1120, SMLLC, 1041 trust returns and State Returns as per their requirements.  Preparing various forms as per the requirements like. 8886, 8825, 4797, 4562 , 8621, 8865,1042s and etc. ", " The company which gives you an opprtunity to learn through various L&amp;D session which are mandatory for everyone to go through. Fun at work is what EY believes in and the Managers are of top class. All in all an awesome please to work. ", " Apart on floor growth EY also provides great deal of qualified Study opportunities for e.g. ACCA,CPA and CFA. People can grow well. EY provides a great work Life balance and is a women oriented firm.The hardest part of job is that work has to be performed in accordance with the strict Deadlines but on other hand there is so much learning involved. EY spends a lot of cost on the trainings to maintain the quality standards and they have always been knowledgeable sessions. ", " 1) Check emails  2) Allocate work to the team  3) Explain and coach the staff  4) Review the team's work  5) Send status emails to the Local team ", " Good work environment, great Management. Learnt undertaking delegated project work, to provide support and information to intermediaries/clients.  Significant experience gained in overseeing operations for driving business by effective relationship management and delivery of value added services. ", " I worked as Project lead for advisory projects. Worked on SAP SD / RETAIL/ ISU AND CRM PROJECTS. ", " Happy worked in day shift and all the co workers where helpful friendly. hardest part deadlines, cultures and co workers and friendly environment. ", " One of the best companies to work in Bangalore. Being the top 4 companies in auditing i got the opportunity to work with Ernst and Young. ", " good palce to work wonderful co workers and would love to go back ", " Great work environment. Lots of support from the management. Wonderful Co-workers.. Get to learn a lot if you are a fresher. ", " I would like to say that over all it was gud experience for me in EY, I have learnt professionalism,deal with the problems and complete the task on or before stipulated time given which is most important thing. Co-workers were very helpful, they always ready to resolve eachother problems.  Hardest part as such nothing but during month end &amp; year end as we had to work hard and strech for making reports and present it to management. Every day I used to go to lunch with my team mates and used to do lot of fun &amp; share our thought to impove process. ", " Fantastic place to work at.  It's aggressive which is the need of the hour.  It produces high quality professionals and doesn't let anyone lag. ", " \"Ernst &amp; young\" -: For many people in India its just a dream company. It was my dream come true when I cleared the interviews held in my college campus.  During my tenure with EY I truely felt that it is one of the best places to work. The management, my colleagues &amp; peers were not only supportive but also friendly which helped to learn my work within few days. The friday fun activities, annual day celebration, cricket, n various activities had really kept my spirit alive and this had encouraged me to work efficiently. ", " Lots of opportunities for growth and well managed; Very competitive and enthusiastic spirit ", " Best place to work At,  PMDP is done without any differentiation among the employees you get the true worth rewarded. Mixed culture respected. ", " A good brand name to work with. The working environment is good. ", " Working in EY is a challenge because the assignments assigned to you are not simple or easy to crack.  However, with the help of my seniors and team mates [co-workers], I was able to complete my assignments within the given frame of time. I learned/ un-learned/ re-learned at EY everyday and this experience was amazing and challenging at the same time. ", " I\u2019m someone who thinks positively and can execute difficult tasks, who is modest, hard-working, who wants to be judged by individual performance. I am confident in my ability to produce and I do the necessary work to tilt the odds so that the best will happen.  The favourite parts of my present job included the ability to work independently (trust from employers). Everything that I do here is appreciated by everyone and I did not feel left out in any way. I felt the leadership team is great as well.  Challenges are part and parcel of life and without challenge life is boring. Every day has a new beginning and brings new challenges, so we can't be able to judge which challenge is the toughest. The challenge comes to us because we are capable of resolving that in a right way and with a positive attitude. ", " Good exposure for front end consulting Long hours and poor pay do not make it worth the while ", " EY is a flexible work place. There is not much work pressure and I like the work culture. But in terms of salary and benefits it has good scope once you have invested a long career in the firm. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " I worked on in E&amp;Y as an advanced accosiate for EMS-CES Procee.  I Learnt to be proactive good teaming Communication ", " Its an awesome experience to be in Ernst and Young, and the exposure is so international and of great quality. For a fresher, starting at EY is the best \"feather on the hat\" on his resume!   Its a graet learning experience as well being able to learn and understand new dimensions... and also to be able to interact with different people ", " The company has a great culture. Its fun to work there and and you don't know when the day ends. The people are very supportive and encouraging.  My role was almost similar to an associate working in the TDS team. Apart from the process, I learnt about how it is to go in an organisation and adapt to the culture and got the opportunity to explore other departments as well. ", " Great workplace, here you can manage your professional life with personal as well. Work n work!! Some times fun n masti ", " My experience was very good. I learned a lot . Management was very good and staff was very professional. Good Corporate culture. ", " A typical day at work is highly challenging with lots of operational difficulties..like low network connectivity, lots of adhoc work requests, zero work life balance.  However if you have proven yourself for few years then the management will consider flexi work options ", " EY is a very good company where I got many opportunities to work in various projects. ", " Ernst &amp; Young one of the Big 4 has a dynamic culture. Since it is my first job so i learnt a lot about professionalism. Management here is very responsible. ", " The job that I do deals in preparing tax returns for individuals of various clients and doing tax analyst, overall work environment is very good but, the hard work that is put in during the entire time does not seed acceptable level of fruitfulness, gets discouraging after a point.  However if you are not keen of having a career in core finance field then it is good place that has very high growth opportunities after 3 years. ", " Ernst &amp; Young (EY) is a very highly qualified firm where a team of professionals work together. The management of the Company is very co-operative. Being a part of EY for the last 6 years, I have transformed myself from a im-matured personnel to a matured professional. The hardest part of the job is the im-balanced work and personal life which is compelling the staff to leave the organization. ", " Have to stretch long hours including on weekends. Work life imbalance ", " It was a splendid experience to wok with one of the big 4. It was just like a dream come true. Had a learning experience. learned something or the other every single day. Learnt the skills to work for long duration hours and under pressure. A lot of pressure for deadlines etc. ", " 1. A typical day at work:  I establish a priority list of things to accomplish. Priority A, B and C. Priority A contains must do items. I let nothing get in the way of starting and completing these.   Priority B is very important, too. I make every attempt to complete these. However, priority B items can be somewhat negotiated if not completed.   Priority C items are those maintenance things that should be done but won't affect operations much if not necessarily done that day.   Sometimes priority C items take care of themselves. The important key to success is to accurately identify the proper category of priority.  2. What you learned:  The most important thing I have learned is to have an effective communications and keeping things on schedule  3. Management (Management Style, I suppose):  I try to encourage my team to come with a solution rather than directing them. I like being able to lead my team, but I want to know that they are working to help solve problems as well.   4. Co-workers  People who respect me and who value my contributions strongly.  5. The hardest part of the job:  The most difficult task is to motivate and manage employees to get something planned and completed on time and within the budget.    6. The most enjoyable part of the job:  I'm an accountant. As part of my job, I have the opportunity to interact with personalities in multiple discipline and industries with varied range of experience and expertise. Its been a learning experience through out my career and I think this is the most rewording thing for me!       ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\">  ", " Lot of Work Work Pressure Fun with Colleagues Stress Busters Communication with Clients Challenging. ", " Good work place to grew up career and better encouragement from seniors to get guidance.  Nice work culture towards efficiency ", " Extremely competent and dynamic professional with rich and varied exposure of over 1.6 years in backend operations Corporate Taxation \u2013 US Indirect Tax. Experience in managing client expectations and reporting process (Client specific requirements).  Possess exceptional interpersonal skills, comprehensive problem detection/ solving abilities. Committed to deadlines and schedules. Organized and well structured at work.   ", " I attended a lot of soft skills trainings which included advanced course on excel, giving presentations, how to handle work pressure and writing effective business emails.   ", " reports are to be meet on each dead lines . Colleagues are very helpfuss  ", " The company is so good, The training which they are providing is excellent. It has been made lot of changes in my career also in my life. ", " Company wanted to start over a new functional area for which it conducted research Worked as Research Analysis "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " It was very good working experience with EY. I Learned to be a professional employee from EY. it was amazing experience with EY. EY value their employees same as their clients. ", " Working with EY was a good experience.Got lot of opportunities to learn ,develop and explore ", " Work starts off by reading breakfast news about regional developments  Get to reply to mails  EY provides learning across verticals, competencies and how to work in a multi-cultural environment. ", " As it was my first Job I have learned so many things. How to manage, how to tackle, when to taken action. how to complete your work in short period of time. process knowledge and many more activities. ", " Requirements gathering, providing solutions for SAP SCM, writing functional specifications, technical specifications, system config's, system integration with different modules and systems and system designing. ", " It was a typical day work. The firm had the felxi options too. it was very useful for female employees. ", " Worked as an associate in EMS (Engagement Managerial Service) Great team mates. Non-accounting (tax department) Friendly atmosphere Fun at work ", " I was involved in statutory audits/ tax audits/limited reviews of various companies across industries which include Hewlett Packard India, Sasken Communication Technologies, Taib Capital, i2 Technologies etc ", " Everywork is based on instructions from onshore managers team. so you need not think. Everything works mechanic.   No application of mind is required is the only drawback.  All others including remuneration is excellant ", " Its good to work with this kind if environment, Lots of learning, High growth, Fun world. ", " Got very good exposure on corporate environment, client handling, interaction with different team on technical feasibility. ", " Everyday was a learning for me at EY.   Had got maximum exposure inspite being an intern.  Was able to handle individual tasks &amp; direct contact with clients.  Many trainings &amp; knowledge was shared. ", " I had a very challenging job where there was something new I learnt on a daily basis and that's what was exciting. ", " Exceptionally placed out of the big 4 firms, The best firm in taxation by miles Lots of opportunities to grab and grow ", " It is a very good place to lean and lots of platform and independence to prove oneself. ", " busy season was unorganised, however the rest of the days were good and various focus team coaching were held to improve team dynamics and performance. ", " Typical day: Usually very hectic with too many assignments to handle, clients calls, meetings etc. Good learning: Handling work pressure, developed consultancy skills. Co-workers: Helpful ", " I have learned a lot from my lovely employer EY  It's the best place I have ever seen to learn new things in the mainstream and in general.  Good luck...!! ", " Though EY gave me good exprosure and experience working with the stakeholders at a distance. I am currently working with the Business Development Leaders/Partners directly. ", " Good to be a part of EY as I have learned a lot and excelled in professional life. Would certainly recommend it to my friends "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Big &amp; renowned organisation where large number of people working under one roof  First time I have got the chance to work with such a big organisation &amp; with different kind of profile altogether.  But change is good &amp; it's always required in life, so looking out for challenging role in life ", " Complete HR gamut Learning to know people Friendly management Cooperative Co-workers Not yet come accross the hardest part of the job Engaging with people ", " It was for a contract period or would have loved to work there for a lifetime. I worked on Mutual Funds, Private Equity, Investment banking, did some financial tie outs and learnt a lot. ", " A good company to work with. Full of opportunities for the candidates who want to learn. You will get a world class exposure; will get opportunity to interact with clients all round the world. They provide you with all possible support that you would require in your day to day life.  A company full of opportunities to work with. ", " My co workers were very supportive.The hardest part of the job was delivering the over burdened work on time without delay and this was also the most enjoyable part of the job because of the adreline rush it gave. ", " It was amazing working at Ernst &amp; Young . EY values people more than anything else . In terms of Exposure:  - Confirming the Accuracy, Completeness and Consistency of Financial Statements of companies pertaining to various industrial sectors in consonance with US GAAP &amp; Dutch GAAP. -Providing assurance services to various classes of transactions by clients in accordance with EY Global Audit Methodology -Benchmarking Project for the verification of Financial Statements in consonance with IFRS. -Tie Out of Financial Statement with Previous quarters &amp; years, -Lead Sheet Roll Forwarding, -Accounts Receivable Procedures ", " My workplace was very comfortable for me. I use to come at office always at time, had a cup of tea, will greet my team mates and will start with checking up of my mails and confirming that i have done all my duties. I will then start my work with my regular duties. My team was very much co-operative and helpful. I would discuss with my team mates if any urgent matter or issue arises. We are also handling calls through which we would get certain number of tasks to get completed. Meetings will be there with our team leads where we discuss our work improvements and drawbacks. The hardest part of the job will be when a sudden issue arises and it should be completed within the day. Working with a wonderful supporting team made each and every day as the most enjoyable day of my life. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is very reputed organization to work for, it gives a chance to learn from the best and we sincere believe in quality. ", " It was great learning experience while working with Ernst &amp; Young (EY). The key responsibilities were preparation of financial models, powerpoint presentations, report writing, financial analysis etc. Co- workers are helpful and friendly. The hardest part was limited guidance from manager as the whole team was in another location. With limited guidance from manager, it took little longer to know about the procedures followed in EY. ", " - Usually it is very tiring day since there is no surety on leaving for the day.  - It is a good learning experience. Handled various tax matters of many multinational companies  - Very well organized company  - Very helpful people around, very knowledgeable, smart with good personality  - Work timings and less challenges  - Fun events ", " E&amp;Y is a good place to work. EY deeply believes in employee skill development and fun at work. ", " A typical day consists of mail checking, scheduling, followups, template review, core task execution, daily stand up meetings, effort tracking and reporting  Management is decent not more of people driven but business driven  Co workers are typical humans responding very much the human way. But good knowledge share and corporate culture  The hardest part of the job would be managing the ever growing expectation of managers ( for example : increasing the quality from 99.85% to 100%)  Learning. is the most enjoyable part of job. Frequent exposure to new processes and protocols. being flexible to inculcate the revised process definition and expectation. ", " Working on daily, weekly, monthly and ad-hoc reports. How to dissect a large amount of data so that it can be used for decision making and performance checking purpose. The management was very involved in the day to day process and easy to approach. The co-workers were very helpful and I was able to learn a lot very quickly. The best part of the job was working on automating or improving the reports. ", " Been involved in the best projects in the Advisory Services ", " A brilliant place to start off your career as a CA.  The learning and exposure was was good as I got an opportunity to understand the nuances of the retail, automobile, pharma and oil and gas sector and the various different business models.  A typical day at work would consist of handling queries raised by clients on various income tax related issues. Got an opportunity to work on huge deals and understanding the nuances from the seller as well as the buyers side of the deal.  Co-workers consisted of CA and lawyers who specialized in taxation. The team was in a very similar age group.  Most important part of the job was ideation and deriving other tax management techniques. ", " E &amp; Y is a great place to work. I enjoy coming to work everyday. I have learnt a lot to list down few things are communication, Team and people handling, Knowledge enhancement and has a great working relationship with co-workers.  The only hardest part is that people's perception makes a big impact in any one's growth which sometines becomes hardest go accept.  The most enjoyable part of my job was during the initial stages where I was handling almost everything from Recruitment, training and operations ", " Every day starts with similar job responsibilities if you have been working on similar type of engagements. Best things so far have been their training programmes which will give a better understanding of asset management, insurance,banking and capital market operations. Management needs to be more careful when it comes to deal with lower level of employees sometime at lower level it is felt that it has been separated. Great co-workers, sometime it is very hectic due to deadlines and no work life balance in those cases and long hours. ", " Ernst &amp; Young will be always special to me being my first job. I learned so many concepts and had so much fun as well. It helped me a lot to groom me as an individual. ", " stressful a great place for learning great management audit periods breaks ", " Its good to work with this kind if environment, Lots of learning, High growth, Fun world. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " I was worked in the team Quality and Risk Management where areas we look into globally. ", " A good organisation to work with, extremely good to start a career with. The growth and learning has been tremendous. ", " Very good to work with the company, colleagues and management. ", " E&amp;Y is a good place to work. EY deeply believes in employee skill development and fun at work. ", " It is good place to start working for however learning curve is not good. ", " Working at this company is a pleasure and helps to maintain work life balance. ", " Entrepreneurial environment at EY - it helps you take charge of your own career ", " Development of professional attitude and approach while working with high performing teams ", " Good work place to start career  Good learning environment  Good management.  Motivational Leaders ", " Learned many things... good and bad times but a good place to work.. had a great time working with EY ", " EY is a great company to work, good work culture and management. ", " The company provides a great learning experience of varied nature. Every day a new challenge is waiting for you. ", " EY is a very good MNC in terms of work-life balance and job culture. ", " It is a very good place to lean and lots of platform and independence to prove oneself. ", " I have enjoyed and created many cherish able memories working for one of the big 4 consulting/auditing firms .  My typical Day at work would require me to provide consultancy to the client  &amp; prepare themselves for facing the  Organization wide information security and business continuity Audits.  I have to constantly update and discuss the requirements/ actionables/ achievements with senior management of some of the top companies( Client facing role). Understanding Management's Bird eye view strategies processing through all the flows to get it  implemented on the ground as well as working as a bridge between the concerns of management and ground teams has given me immense learning regarding different perspectives and shades of management.  The best part is the fact that we work , innovate , improve and develop as a team who is constantly there to support each other in times of need or for just being there.  The enjoyable part is to transform the requirements of the designed policy in to an effectively functional Process./ doing internal audits for identifying the weakness and taking steps to strengthen them. ", " New challenges. Learning opportunities.  Internal techincal tranning. ", " everything was nice and co workers.  The most enjoyable part was new projects ", " Good company to work. Excellent work environment long working hours less promotions ", " EY helped me to learn a lot of things ranging from people skills, auditing and softwares ", " Amazing opportunities and exposure ..great projects to work on "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Each and every moment is enjoyable.The company was giving full support. Had so many entertaining programs. it was not just a working place some thing more than that. ", " Producative fun place to work. I been working in this firm nov 2011. ", " The part of job that i enjoyed the most is understanding operation of different sectors like telecom, technology, infra etc ", " EY has the best people culture and protection for employees. ", " At Ernst &amp; Young I really had a good learning experience which was fulfilling and enriching. There were some really stressful days at work but it was all worth it. I learned team work and being responsible for the work I do. The training sessions helped me to improve my knowledge. The management had work organized and structured in a very efficient way. My team leader and colleagues were very helpful and supportive and were always happy to guide in their field of expertise. The hardest part of the job was to complete the job in time and meet the deadlines as sometimes it required stretching and working for really long hours. The most enjoyable part of the job was getting to know a lot of things on the job and really being able to differentiate the theory and practical nature of work. Team lunches and outings were an added bonus. ", " Working at EY never felt tough. The working culture, support from the seniors made it very easy. Even though the workload was much but didnt felt the pressure. Though there were some some days when used to work for more than 12 hrs, but the overall experience was good and satisfying. ", " work life balance and team work lacking  Starts day at 9.00 am My learning is basically related to only Direct Taxation so my profile and learning gets limited just to direct tax only and does not get any accounts, indirect tax or audit exposure.  Co- workers outside the team who are fellow consultants are welcoming and helpful.  Extracting the knowledge and guidance on information required being a fresher and working in the system for the first time. Also work life balance issues are there.  Trainings and Residential schools where we get to meet new People accrosse the board and interact and do networking. ", " This was a super duper place to work. They were so considerate towards women. I used to wait to go to work in the morning. I thoroughly enjoyed working with this company.  Given a chance I would like to work here again. ", " In E&amp;Y GSS, everyone live on the EY Values and demonstrate them at workplace. We have open door policy all the time. Management and the work culture is great. ", " The company has good work and life balance. The managers are supportive of your actions. ", " The project is concerned with analyzing data provided by client. Studying complexity of data and identifying ways to process data to perform validations as well as observe any exceptions and queries need to be confirmed by the client. At the time after getting confirmation from client preparing final deliverable as per the requirement as well as preparing procedure memo stating all the exception, assumptions and manipulation performed during the whole process. Best part while doing project was troubleshooting on validation result. Analyzing data and recognizing different approaches to get better validation results. Each and every client result in some kind of learning. Learning of approach, observation points and while preparing final procedure memo learning the appropriate way to note the observations ", " Good exposure and working environment. Exciting Career growth. Motivation is high. ", " Having over 6 years plus post qualification experience in risk based internal audit, process review, SOX documentation and testing, dealer reviews and preparation of standard operating procedures. Industry exposure - IT and manufacturing.  Specialties Risk based internal audit ", " A typical day at Ernst &amp; young would be loads of work which will keep you occupied till the end of the day with lots and lots of learning and supporting team leads and managers who are available when ever they are needed. The co-workers were very supportive and we all togather believed in team work &amp; that was indeed the most enjoyable part of the the job\"we enjoyed as a team\" ", " It has been a true learning experience at E&amp;Y till now. Although the work profile is quite hectic but the exposure that one receives at E&amp;Y is very broad ", " In the matter of 4 months, I gained vast amount of knowledge &amp; management skills &amp; the best part is that the working on Microsoft Office has been a great enhancement in this period.  The ambiance was great, Great people team, skillful managed. ", " I had given an assignment for Branding the companies approach at college level and to find out what the other big companies had to offer to the freshers and moreover the big four . ", " It is really nice living with EY values and work culture, helps to find our potentials and to develop the career accordingly. ", " Great work place and knowledge. Excellent work culture. Excellent lateral and upward relationship ", " Great place to work with talented people all around. Knowledge portal. Benefit on personal and professional grounds "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is a great place to work. It has a great organizational culture and employee attitude. The working hours are a little stressful especially during the Audit busy season where we are required to work for at least 55 to 60 hours a week. But during the off busy seasons the work life balance is great. ", " Have everything except work life balance which is one of the most signbifacant to me as without that no body able to motivated to do some quality work.Money is not everything. ", " I loved working as a intern at EY . It was very hands on and I learned a lot about working with peers and team building .  The hardest part of the job was working efficiently , but after I got the hang of everything . It was a great experience ! ", " EY has a very demanding work environment. One must always be on top of EY objectives. Management is very demanding with little understanding for anything outside of EY. However it is a great place to gain work experience and exposure to many work related situations across a multitude of industries. Work days are long in hours but short in percieved time. There never seems to be enough hours in the day. EY will prepare you to excel where ever your career path leads. ", " Best company I have ever worked in where a staff can build himself and enjor my life. Great team work, job culture and organization. I training and knowledge recieved from working between various staff is exceptional. ", " Use market knowledge to help clients manage their exposure to risk.  Valuations  Create open, robust valuations as part of corporate transactions, providing the objective advice that our clients will rely on. ", " After being in the accounting and finance field for 17 years, my skill-set is broad and I know how to work in a fast paced environment. There were always new skills to learn which is explained in my resume. ", " I have worked here for 5 years and I can say that they are flexible with your life outside of work.  The job culture there is one that is supportive and we all encourage each others growth through Professional Networks. ", " Great organisation for the launch of an individuals career. Very friendly and open atmosphere. Plenty of opportunity for growth and the opportunity to be exposed to a range of different fields. ", " Overall environment at EY is very challenging as you need to be able to stay ahead of your peers. Constant checks by Manager ensure performance is on par and ample learning opportunities are available to improve one's skills and knowledge. ", " This is a great firm and great place to work. The hours can be tough at times, but the advancement within the firm and your professional career will be worth it if you can stick it out. ", " Easy to grow and learn new things at the same time,huge exposure and fun culture and workplace ,get to work in different industries that we learn and study in different business processes and reengineering ", " Most colleagues really enjoyed their time at the company. The team I was in had a change of management that led to a number of people leaving. There was scope to work from home, if required, on a ad hoc basis. ", " You are able to work for different clients, work teams and IT type of projects. It is a perfect place to learn. Your constantly being trained and have the opportunity to be part of one of the most important companies. ", " I do not have anything positive to say about EY. Long hours, low pay, extensive travelling, very little work life balance. No flexibility. Not a great place unless you are a Partner. ", " Very well diverse as well as caring and understanding company.   Family oriented and appreciative of it's hard working staff. Extremely accommodating and reasonable as well. ", " No opportunities to progress, people are overworked, not a friendly environment. in summary, I would not recommend this company to prospective candidates ", " Teamwork is a def. Great company. Always room to grow. Good management. I had great exposure to many aspects of HR. They have an open door policy which works well ", " Great culture and work home life balance. Wonderful teams and lots of learning opportunities. My initial role was altered and changed unexpectedly. it seemed that I was hired to hold a position that was being reserved for another individual. ", " Good company to work for.  You can really make an impact in Fortune 500 companies/clients.  Long hours and excessive travel are motivating me to look elsewhere. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Global accounting firm with great compensation and benefits. Opportunities for specialization and advancement. Smart professional co-workers and good management. ", " EY is a great place to work. The hours are long, but it is worth it if you can handle it. The advancement opportunities within EY are numerous as well. ", " Working at EY was a great experience.I have learned a lot from the professionals. Great team members supporting each other. Good educational opportunity. Sometimes deadlines were tight but always managable. Sometimes needed overtime. The workplace and culture is amazing. ", " Gives the right tools to become a successful young professional within the finance and mergers and acquisitions industry. ", " Fair compensation and benefits. Work life balance not a priority due to nature of projects assigned on. Clear cut job advancement with set standards for each promotion. ", " Work at EY as you may all know requires significant time commitment. However, the best part of this type of job is that you learn a lot because you come across companies from various industries. Another advantage is that job promotion is guaranteed if you work well. Some of the disadvantages include: poor work-life balance, low salary benefits. ", " EY is a well diversified company that provides great Compensation and Employee Benefits for all of it's employees. It is however hard to manage the work life balance ", " Ey offers an excellent career plan, but the salary is bad. Stability in employment is great. The benefits offered are excellent. The company requires a huge amount of overtime. ", " Management not wiling to negotiate, salary not that attractive. You can learn a lot by having clients in different industries. Didn't get the company culture. ", " Team environment, very supportive, decent benefits, good culture.  They help advance your career and continually strive keep employees interested.  Coworkers are great. ", " People are energetic and everyone is hardworking and determined. The work load varies, with some months having light work and other months are intense. Most of the employees are also professionals. ", " Good culture; internal core business professionals have limited opportunity for advancement. Pay is decent, but mostly front loaded (lower 401k match benefits). ", " Amazing culture! You can literally stay there for the people. My only advice is to know what you want to do before applying because it's hard to transfer to other departments afterwards. Great pay and benefits too! ", " Teamwork is a def. Great company. Always room to grow. Good management. I had great exposure to many aspects of HR. They have an open door policy which works well ", " EY has a very demanding work environment. One must always be on top of EY objectives. Management is very demanding with little understanding for anything outside of EY. However it is a great place to gain work experience and exposure to many work related situations across a multitude of industries. Work days are long in hours but short in percieved time. There never seems to be enough hours in the day. EY will prepare you to excel where ever your career path leads. ", " Similar to big 4 work environment, long hours but flexible WFH policies. Not a lot of transparency re salary. Supportive of internal transfers and \"boomerangs\" ", " People focus Work life balance Great compensation Team environment  Excellent client portfolio Exposure to big projects ", " It provides very professional environment for its employees along with sufficient learning and gowth opportunities. Moreover, handsome salary is provided to employees to keep them motivated. ", " The workforce is exceptional! I'm surrounded by smart, motivated, hard-working, tenacious people. It is very invigorating to work in this environment. I'm required to bring my very best to work everyday to keep up with the pace and that brings out great things in me. I have learned and developed a lot in this environment. The flexible work arrangement is nice: flexible work hours and location is welcomed and encouraged. The benefits are great. The opportunity to move into different roles isn't easy but is possible if you're patient and know the direction you want to go. ", " Worked with the firm for 16 years as an Office Manager and Executive Assistant.  Office environment at Times Square location is great, many departments and co-workers are wonderful to work with. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " EY is a typical high pressure consulting environment. If you go into the organization not knowing this, you would have been ill-informed. The working hours are long and client is king, which means that deadlines can be unreasonable and though teams may have conflict, the work must be delivered.   No two days in EY are the same. Client meetings, report writing, data analysis, recommendation synthesis, team meetings, conferences, presentations - all of these and/or a combination of these may happen on a daily basis for multiple clients, at multiple sites for multiple project scopes of work.  The hardest part of the job is knowing when to stop for the day and knowing how much work is too much. Your day can be as long as 12-15 hours. It pays to know the importance and priority of your checkpoints on a checklist before diving into the work.  Since EY's advisory department has a number of different services, it pays to know which kind of service you are interested in since this will be your expertise for the next few years in the firm, even though you may be shuffled between departments within advisory due to overlapping knowledge. ", " Excellent, life/work balance, real nice compensation package, free diner through busy season, very friendly people, you really can learn a lot, management very open ", " Good exposure to various businesses  Knowledgeable management and seniors  Robust methodology and reporting  Good trainings   Informal and less stressful ", " The EY experience is one that stays with you for life!!  The environment is conducive for ambitious, career driven and hard working individuals to excel and attain their true potential. The people and culture are amazing whereby excellence is achieved through great team synergies and efforts. Most importantly, the ever accessible flat leadership style promotes collaboration, the courage to learn through making mistakes.  No engagement is ever the same as the next, thereby making for a very dynamic, fast paced and steep learning work environment. ", " I enjoy working with EY. The environment is very relaxed and trusting. I don't feel like there is much room for growth unless you are in a finance related role. ", " Fun Filled and motivated staff despite setbacks such as extremely low pay which does frustrate an occasional employee. I learned a lot about teamwork and how to deal with clients especially difficult ones. Apart from that I also learnt how to get what I had in my mind across to someone to convince them of a solution they don't have much technical expertise about.   Management have a lot of conflicts which effect the junior staff members who are in a vast majority. Co-workers were absolutely friendly and always willing to let a hand even if that particular job  or engagement does not concern them.  The hardest part of the job is very generic with all employers in this industry and that is to meet deadlines given by difficult to deal with clients. The most enjoyable part of the whole EY experience is the strong bonding between all the employees through various social meets held by EY for their employees. ", " The most challenging aspect of working for EY for an introvert like me is that because of the remote work lifestyle people have to make an effort to establish and maintain relationships with coworkers.  However, this flexibility is probably one of the most enjoyable things about the job. ", " It is a great place to learn and be exposed to the medium and high management level at clients, including C-Level executives (at Advisory Services at least). ", " Be ready for non stop action packed days Many learning opportunities available Great benefits Smart hard working people Management should work to be more in tune with employees, however. flexible work schedule ", " All the staff are very helpful and kind. Open to answer any questions I had. Always ready to help and guide me in my work. Learned a lot about the world of audit and accounting ", " Very much enjoyed my time with EY.  Great company with amazing benefits.  Great co-workers and opportunities!  Great for those who enjoy traveling and challenging opportunities. ", " This is a large corporation with many benefits and opportunities. This has been a learning and growing experience. No two days are ever the same, things are always changing. ", " Working at EY has its pros and cons. It is a reputable company that does promote career growth. However, work life balance is hard to achieve in salary positions. Also, promotion and competitive compensation is hard to come by. The company encourages \"boomerangs\" which means, if you leave the company to find a better salary (which is common) you can come back and THEN the company will pay you more. Until then - the company does not pay competitive wages ", " I worked for almost five years at Ernst &amp; Young, where I was a Senior Consultant of Human Capital team. I collected and analyzed statistical data in order to define main trends in labor market in the frame of salary survey for the clients (major companies in Finance, Oil and Gas, Mining, FMCG, IT and Telecommunications, Pharmacy). ", " Relaxed atmosphere, resulting in a productive workplace. Very good work-life balance.  Workforce turnover is very high, however, due to a poor salary structure across-the-board. ", " I have learned a lot very quickly at EY. Superb on the job coaching and great benefits. It is a very fast paced environment but you will learn a lot if you put in the effort. ", " For 14 years EY provided me:  meaningful work, excellent life work balance, a comprehensive benefits package and teaming. EY's leaders articulated a strategic vision for the employees. The Human Resources department was forward thinking and fast paced. ", " I was told that I wouldn't have to travel in my role, however, within weeks I was traveling each week on a project outside of my skill set. The firm is too big and there is little effort on your success. ", " Great work culture, several opportunities to grow, good work life balance and decent compensation. Just require the necessary certifications and hardwork to move up. ", " In our workplace our managers are kind and fun and my co-workers are so friendly we hang out once a week.Its just some of the company benefits its little bit unfair to others. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Increased knowledge of several companies. Filing was a major part of working with this company. Most enjoyable part was getting to know different companies. ", " EY its a best company to me, is the one give me lot exposure,people are friendly treat each other equally.i enjoyed to work with them ", " EY is a great place to launch your career.  I had opportunities I do not think I would be given anywhere else.  You have the opportunities to be exposed to operations of various different clients ranging from retail, to pharmaceuticals to finance.  I was an assurance auditor and my experience will differ from say those in Anti Money Laundering division.  Audit work can be dry and tedious so curb expectations. ", " My experience with EY has been the best job experience I have ever encountered. I work with a wonderful team that is caring and supportive! I couldn't have asked for a better internship! ", " Enjoyed the accounting firm environment. Meeting different clients and typing of variety of clients documents at any one time.  Balancing of Financial statements with and liaising with bookkeepers, reconciliation of petty cash. Arranging meetings with executives and partners.  Arranging seminars ", "  \tParticipated in the team performing due diligence for the purchase of a retail Company for a strategic corporate buyer  \tAnalyzed information from historical annual financial statements and other information gathered to prepare statistical tables and charts that were presented to the client interested to bid for the specific Company   \tIdentified creditors with ambiguous credit score which increased the negotiating power of the byer that led to a 10% reduction of the bidding price. ", " EY is a great company to work for if you're willing to put in a lot of work. A lot of work. Seriously when tax time comes, forget your life. ", " I am a boomerang to EY.  I liked it so much, I was an employee twice.  The career is very structured and competitive but yet there is a formal promotion progress and a supporting structure to get you towards a new level each year. ", " Great people to work with and amazing training. Easy to move up but need the certifications to do so.  Coworkers care about you and management focuses on your interests outside of work ", " Cons: Long hours / bad work vs life balance / bad people management / lose interest in the job as the staffing ressources are not well managed  Pros: Great opportunities to discover lots of industries International mobility ", " EY was the best 3 months of my life, it contained a lot of great new things to learn, I would love to go back there as a employee not as a trainee, the best part was being able to challenge myself to work with tax and audit in the same time. ", " EY helped me develop my consulting (soft skills) and experience different aspects of the financial services and banking industry. EY is a fast paced and team orientated work environment. ", " was great. I enjoyed the work. I worked hard.. However the content of the work is not what I am looking forward going forward in my career. I enjoyed my time there but it was time for a change. ", " co-operation is the key to success, importance of being a team player, brush up my language and communication skills, more active ", " Although I was a contractor (with my contract being extended several times) I was treated like an employee, and offered all of the perks that the employees were. I was also offered a full time employee role here. The cafe and catering are amazing - lots of variety and a high standard of nutrition. And excellent prices - I think it may be subsidised by the company. EY provides a very high achieving work ethic and culture which I admire. EY also provides very flexible working arrangements and will even offer some employees work mobility. My employers/seniors were extremely experienced, well educated and very supportive. I would highly recommend anyone to work for EY. ", " Amazing culture! You can literally stay there for the people. My only advice is to know what you want to do before applying because it's hard to transfer to other departments afterwards. Great pay and benefits too! ", " Ernst &amp; Young is a fast paced tax firm.  Every day was go go go. I like to be busy all the time so I enjoyed the fast pace.  They work 7 days a week.  I was able to use all of my skills at E&amp;Y.  I booked travel arrangements, catered lunches and booked function halls and events. ", " N/A  typical day includes responding to lots of emails. and lots of meetings. I work with the individual tax department so we are busy around this time of the year. ", " Working at EY was a great experience.I have learned a lot from the professionals. Great team members supporting each other. Good educational opportunity. Sometimes deadlines were tight but always managable. Sometimes needed overtime. The workplace and culture is amazing. ", " Workplace culture makes you feel looked after.  Global IT organisational structure adds complexity, cost and duration to project delivery. IT culture is process focused rather than outcome focused. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Fun working environment, i learned a lot and been able to work with accounting systems and principles in real life. The most enjoyable part of the job is about teamwork. ", " Nice atmosphere in Prague office, interesting projects, development depends on a manager. The team is fast growing, a lot of opportunities are there. Sometimes overtime is necessary ", " E&amp;Y Karachi provided me a great start in my accounting career. I was provided with opportunities to work across diversified set of industries to assist my overall development. ", " hard working colleagues. there's a lot to learn. the environment is okay. people work closely. very good opportunity to work there ", " EY focuses not only on your career development, but also making sure that you're happy on the job. EY is truly dedicated to your skills and well-being. ", " EY is a great place to start your career in public accounting. There are amazing opportunities to learn and advance your career here. ", " The company is good overall, considering its size and global presence. However, the advisory practice is not the strongest and the ability to advance is somewhat ambiguous and depends on the group or partners with which you are aligned. ", " EY is a very efficient workplace but no worklife balance. This is a place to learn everything in a effective manner and have a great learning curve compared to other MNC. ", " Worked as senior consultant. Worked with several fortune 500 companies. Selected as one of the 20 people to start the SAP Delivery Center to provide SAP services. Excellent experience in gathering and delivering to client requirements. ", " EY is an inspiring organization with good learning and professional development opportunities.The inclusive work environment attracts high performers and helps employees achieve their dreams. ", " Most of my work didn't require a lot of interaction with other employees. I mainly did a lot of research and data collections. ", " EY provided me a platform to sharpen my consulting and problem solving skills. It was an opportunity to be exposed to multidisciplinary client environment. My time at EY brought out in me other latent potentials.   EY being a global firm was a perfect blend of multi ethnic and racial blend. It had as one of its goals Diversity &amp; Inclusiveness.  Overall it was a great place to work. ", " The Edmonton team is great, unfortunately the management of our team is out of Calgary and Toronto, which often means there is a lack of physical presence in the office and lack of day to day leadership. ", " I had the opportunity to worked with some of the brightest people. Exceptional learning and development throughout my career with the Firm. Great teaming and work environment. ", " Good top notch company with lots of fun and smart peopoe to work with. Good training offered. Good on the job coaching. Nice office. Can not think of anything bad about this company. ", " Management not wiling to negotiate, salary not that attractive. You can learn a lot by having clients in different industries. Didn't get the company culture. ", " It has a culture of learning and acceptance. Employees and colleagues are ready to assist you with tasks/jobs. I would definitely recommend this experience. ", " EY is a great place to learn and gain exposure working with clients. You are constantly working on different projects with different teams, and learn to work with a variety of backgrounds and working style. ", " Being with EY is one of the best decisions I made. It has a great culture of taking care of its people. This made its people in good working conditions. ", " Similar to big 4 work environment, long hours but flexible WFH policies. Not a lot of transparency re salary. Supportive of internal transfers and \"boomerangs\" "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " There is an established process for promotion, although the employee evaluation process is subjective. Salary is not very competitive when compared to industry. The people are highly competitive - sometimes it is like a dog eat dog environment. ", " EY has nice people there. You need to pay attention to your utilization rate.  Busy season hours varies, it depends on the team. They held training every year ", " EY is a very diverse work place where your exposure is high and gives an opportunity to gain exponential knowledge in a shot span of time. ", " I accelerated my career at EY over 10 years, and felt supported throughout the whole time. I especially enjoyed the RDP process, that was an accelerated leadership programme. ", " Knowledge sharing; different industry knowledge; ability to obtain the most updated info regarding to accounting, tax and regulation etc; strong teamwork; highly motivated; project basis; ", " 5 years in EY has given me sufficient time to be involved in a variety of engagements, such as valuation, due diligence, privatization, financial modeling and M&amp;A advisory. ", " Fresh graduate will have the biggest learning curve at EY.  It also gives you the major network you needed to advance in a public accounting industry. ", " The culture and the people at EY were unparalleled. The ability to create a sustainable work-life balance for yourself is amazing. The most enjoyable part of the job is the people that you encounter. Every single person I met in every department was filled with positivity and the desire to create a better working world. ", " The place has a lot of technical people with different skills on various technologies which are pretty on demand in the day to day market, which indeed gives you a optimal knowledge for us to work in along with several other technologies. The peaceful environment at the work place also adds a lot of zeal to the employees. ", " Global organization offering multiple avenues of professional growth and training.  Ample opportunities for CPA's and IT professionals in client serving positions. Ample opportunities within the firm for internal positions in a wide variety of additional positions. ", " Easy to reach to management level, such as Principles/ Partners.  Friendly colleagues with lots of brilliant ideas in daily work. Quite good resources to gain insights from different areas of work. Long hours consulting job with no OT payment. ", " It's not about the Big 4 firms themselves as an organization but the practice group you work with on a day to day basis. One firm can have an amazing reputation as being the best place to work ever but if your practice group is run by an idiot you will be miserable. It's important to understand who you will be working with everyday. Also, there's a lot of talk and literature on the websites about moving to different practice areas. As a firm policy it is said to be an easy process but you will get resistance at every turn because it essentially ruins your groups short-term planning goals and is a pain in the butt to work around your desire to want to work in Luxembourg for 6 months. ", " Publications say all the right things, but day to day life as an employee is difficult, lack of collaboration leads to multiple groups trying to solve the same problems with no sharing of learnings and ownership is interesting. ", " EY was an awesome company to work for. I struggled to get used to the corporate culture as i have always been in an academic environment, however that didn't hamper my time working there. My days were always productive and the positive energy from my co-workers made everyday enjoyable. ", " Excellent company to work with. The company really cares about its employee, the management are always there to support its employees in anyway they can. ", " Excellent place where you learn a lot of things and also you find great people there, another great thing is the opportunity to develop your skills and communication with a lot of people. ", " I was placed in the financial audit team where I helped the team to review the supporting documents. As a student who havent took the audit class before, the team members patiently taught me the process and it was a great experience for me. The internship really helped me to succeed in my audit class as I have experienced the process before. ", " EY strongly advocates the work/life balance.  From leadership down, there is a clear sense that everyone cares about employees as people.  There are opportunities to work from home which help balance work and life.  Leadership is excellent and reward hard-working professionals. ", " Been here for a few months and i have been working fine. Unfortunately, not a lot of challenges and work is repetitive. Limited room for growth. However, great name to have on your resume. Good experience if you can move within the organization ", " Very inclusive place of work. Diversity is immensely appreciated and enforced. The people are friendly and opportunities are intense. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " I have learned to be a good team player as teaming is one of our values and make integrity my watchword. The environment is relatively friendly as everyone even the partners are approachable. The hardest part of the job is the long hours one has to work sometimes in order to meet clients deadlines ", " Expected busy season workloads with audit deadlines. Much more relaxed than other firms and even offices across the region. Enjoy the people that I work with. ", " Excellent place to learn and grow. Diverse culture and competent people and Management. You will learn everyday and experience varied engagements and projects across industries. ", " The company is very much rounded and is highly regarded as the best advisory services firm in Supply Chain. The colleagues are highly skilled, projects are quite interesting and give a lot of exposure. However, the company is highly siloed and it is very difficult to move on to other aspects and functions like PE or Wealth management tracks. ", " Enjoyed the accounting firm environment. Meeting different clients and typing of variety of clients documents at any one time.  Balancing of Financial statements with and liaising with bookkeepers, reconciliation of petty cash. Arranging meetings with executives and partners.  Arranging seminars ", " Good culture, but long hours:  People are nice and helpful, they are willing to discuss with you questions you have during your work ", " This company boasts about Work Life balance and valuing it's employees but if you are in a support staff position such as an Executive Assistant, you are not given any flexibility in schedule, are given overwhelming amounts of work and expected to perform miracles.  And if you do manage to get your work load done, you are not rewarded for it and it is almost impossible to get a promotion or raise unless you are the manage'r pet.  Supervisor of the staff is never around and has no idea what the team does everyday.  Partners are condescending and show no appreciation whatsoever.  Worst experience of my life. ", " I worked for E&amp;Y a long time ago as an Auditor. This was my introduction to the corporate world and I am glad this provided with a lot of experience and knowledge in such a short period of time. ", " Not conducive to home work life balance. Strong over tone of career suicide. Heavy Contractor FTE environment. Over processed with multiple reporting systems. ", " EY does not assign projects based on a particular person's skills and/or experience. Instead, projects are assigned based solely on a person's rank. This leads to tasks being done by those who are not qualified and/or have zero interest in a particular task.   The team I was on is extremely \"cliquish\" and hard to get involved with. However, I don't think this is necessarily reflective of the company as a whole.  The hardest part of the job is trying to stay motivated. The tasks I am assigned are generally something that could be handled by a person with 1-2 years of experience. However, I have over 20 years of experience. Thus, I get bored easily. ", " EY is a culture which expects you to provide your very best. It's also generally forgiving of mistakes, appreciating these as part of the learning and development process. Not an organisation for those expecting an easy time, especially if you're client facing. ", " Work Day: Fast paced, high functioning, goal oriented, client delivery  Key Learnings: Financial marketing and client education regarding services. Base design and customization for market DMAs and client contacts. Print on demand.  Management: Mentoring, training, job execution ", " EY is a great company to work for when you are building your portfolio of skill sets.  People learn so much from the company, the team environment, the accounting firm culture, clients we work with, and current events of the business and industries who hire us.  I am very grateful for what this company has given me in terms of growth, learning experiences, and network. ", " Plethora of opportunities for professionals in the consulting industry and also this business support industry. High-performing team culture that promotes knowledge sharing and supporting academic endeavors and career advancement ", " I do not have anything positive to say about EY. Long hours, low pay, extensive travelling, very little work life balance. No flexibility. Not a great place unless you are a Partner. ", " Good company to work for.  You can really make an impact in Fortune 500 companies/clients.  Long hours and excessive travel are motivating me to look elsewhere. ", " A typical day is working through different engagments in the same day. Being multitask and proactive is a must. I learned how to map the local account of the entities to the Lux GAAP. I learned how to prepare and review a financial statment,checking the internal consistency and the casting and footing. The hardest part of the job is the conversion of Lux GAAP to the IFRS. ", " Most colleagues really enjoyed their time at the company. The team I was in had a change of management that led to a number of people leaving. There was scope to work from home, if required, on a ad hoc basis. ", "  Substantive procedures for inventory (fashion retail industry).  Setting up accounting system (including internal control and application of SFRS 38).  Provides forecasting (for operating &amp; investing decisions) and working capital management services. Applying knowledge in advance Excel techniques, Macros and Super Pivot to forecast revenue and all accounts for investor presentation. ", " so I never spent any great amount of time at the corporate offices.  This makes it very difficult to make any good contacts on a corporate level, although UTC did provide me with that.  I learned to deal with various state agencies as this was part of my duties.  My co-workers were very friendly and created an environment where good work was praised. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " As EY is committed to doing its part in building a better working world, it is always the great place to work for.  Being from the Audit &amp; Assurance field, most of the times I am in the client places doing audits.Communicating with the client related to various issues and getting it resolved in a timely manner is the great learning for me in EY.  Co workers are absolutely supportive and believes in team work and spirit.  Enjoyable part of  the job is to travel various places at the time of audits and meeting new peoples having different cultures.  Challenging part here is the strict deadlines to complete the client deliverables and immediately switching over to the next client as soon as the earlier client related work gets completed. ", " The relationships you build at EY will last a life time. The experiences you gain from working at EY are invaluable and equip you with many great transferable skills to leverage during the next chapter of your life. Great place to start your career. ", " Global accounting firm with great compensation and benefits. Opportunities for specialization and advancement. Smart professional co-workers and good management. ", " Helpful and collaborative environment with very competent staff. Knowledge sharing and new ideas are welcomed, as are questions. ", " It was a good opportunity to work for a multinational company, I gained a lot of experience. I used my previous experience as well to develop my duties and responsibilities. ", " I have learned to be a good team player as teaming is one of our values and make integrity my watchword. The environment is relatively friendly as everyone even the partners are approachable. The hardest part of the job is the long hours one has to work sometimes in order to meet clients deadlines ", " nothing to say at this time due to being let go after ten years only so the firm can save money. good company to start your career with ", " management cannot keep promises not open to new ideas despite their claims a major disappointment since I expected them to be world class ", " Poor work / life balance Archaic management style No consideration for employees  However, still a Big 4 with a \"can do\" attitude ", " Great company, great pay, great people, great environment. I would recommend this job to anyone looking to go back to college. ", " EY is a professional working place which provides its employees with an opportunity to view many different audit cycles. Internal Audit cycles have provided me the skills to identify internal controls and tests its efficiency and effectiveness to ensure that they are designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the achievement of operational objectives. Staff and workers are very skilled, fun filled and cooperative enabling me to deal effectively with the difficult situations. ", " You have to get lucky to get placed on projects you would like to work on.  There is lots to learn, tons of client interactions, and you better like traveling. ", " A place where new challenges come everyday, and where your knowledge is to be proven everytime.  Great colleagues, great environment, a good place to work ", " Audit, on the computer all day. You are always going to be dealing with clients and working on a tight deadline.   Auditing Banks and other companies in the capital market. ", " I am glad to be part EY family. There is lot of learning happening each day. The team members are quite supportive and we quite often have training sessions. I learned tableau software from EY ", " I really had a great time working with nice peoples, Besides, i've been taught to learn how to work in a worldwide professional company . The environment was peaceful and comfortable. I earned some experiences to be more matured and discipline. ", " my work environment is stimulating and I have learned a lot about challenges various organization faces and the management and co-workers are very supportive. I can not think of the hardest part about my job. ", " My co-workers are very supportive and easy moving,they supported me alot in each and every step.I love working with them. ", " Good place to learn - given responsibility. Its a case of who you know not what you know in order to raise up through the ranks. Expectations are high. Clientele demanding. Can be long hours and weekend work ", " Good culture, but long hours:  People are nice and helpful, they are willing to discuss with you questions you have during your work "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Many new people. Significant percentage of staff are recent graduates to less than 5 years of working experience.  Culture is to provide freedom to the new people and not actually have an apprenticeship culture.  As such, work experience including sales, client and people management skills are rather erratic and spotty in many practice sectors.    Services may offer some new innovations due to technology but underlying underpinnings of business and management strategy may not be there. . ", " EY has been a great company to work for and i am happy to have been given the opportunity to work here as i learnt a lot. The company supports further learning and education. ", " excellent environment great experience great knowledge friend people to work with career development the hardest part in this job will be the work pressure one will experience during the busy season ", " I have worked with EY 7 years. I have known most of the emolpyees in the compnay (around 400 employees), they are my best friends now. You can meet anyone in the compnay from a Manager to the office Managing Partnet. They have open door policy. However, If you are thinking to work in EY you need to sacrifice (family, time, social life) sometimes. You need to meet your deadline no matter what. despite of all that, EY is the best place to start your career with. ", " EY was a good learning experience for me but it was a cutthroat, competitive culture and the expectations went beyond your immediate project. Work life balance was hard to come by and there was constant stress ", "  Substantive procedures for inventory (fashion retail industry).  Setting up accounting system (including internal control and application of SFRS 38).  Provides forecasting (for operating &amp; investing decisions) and working capital management services. Applying knowledge in advance Excel techniques, Macros and Super Pivot to forecast revenue and all accounts for investor presentation. ", " People comprises not only clients, but also those working at the firm. As a professional service organization, retaining highly talented personnel and growing with them is vital for the progress of the client, firm and the professionals. ", " Very much enjoyed my time with EY.  Great company with amazing benefits.  Great co-workers and opportunities!  Great for those who enjoy traveling and challenging opportunities. ", " Excellent place to learn and grow. Diverse culture and competent people and Management. You will learn everyday and experience varied engagements and projects across industries. ", " The work was fine, however because you are stiudying for qualifications at the same i have to go to class friday and saturday. This on top of the weekly travelling makes it a role not suitable for me. ", " the new location is not the greatest as it is not directly on a LRT or bus route. The staff are very friendly and the work life balance is great. ", " Each day brings with it new opportunities as the nature of the work is dynamic (i.e., projects are different and allow for growth).  Corporate culture is one that is collaborative (versus competitive) which supports teaming. ", " EY is a fast pace environment.  Days go by quickly as the job is always on the go.  I have learned to never give up as there are many resources available to get you through the day.  The people at EY are great to work with and everyone is willing to help you get through the day in anyway that they can.  It was hard trying to meet so many RUSH deadlines, but with all the resources and people available, I was confident I could accommodate my customers needs. ", " Excellent, life/work balance, real nice compensation package, free diner through busy season, very friendly people, you really can learn a lot, management very open ", " Challenging projects, every minute you stay in Big 4 is an education, is the brain storming, is the unique opportunities, ability to meet with people and management from various industries and with the unique experience ", " While EY is as competitive as other consulting firms, you get the sense that it is more collaborative, supportive and people-focused than the rest. This was commented on by a lot of new joiners.  Depending on the team, there can be some politics although the broad culture is people-oriented.  The annual performance review process and promotion cycle is, however, stressful and time-consuming and often leaves many unhappy. ", " My tenure at EY was challenging, enlightening, and enjoyable. It's a very professional and friendly place to work. My co-workers and supervisors were fair and demanding; and, they were patient in their training and mentoring. ", " Definitely a great place to learn along with supportive colleagues and seniors. Gave me an opportunity to enhance my understanding of my course(pursuing ACCA) and helped me to apply it to the finance world . ", " Fast paced environment where you get the opportunity to take on new challenges daily.  You get experience and feedback from team members and can have the opportunity to work with multiple types of clients. ", " EY is a huge multinational company with true international culture, which provides great opportunities for those who want to start and/or develop their careers. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Overall the company is great to work for with a good culture and great people.  Must love to travel for work throughout your career to continue to move forward with the company ", " I learnt how to properly manage files and was a positive working space with helpful co workers and excellent facilities. ", " Excellent place to work at and Excel. Global mobility is a plus at EY but the worklife balance is tough to maintain while working in an audit firm so thats where it lacks points, ", " When the Business Support Center was launched a few years ago it presented a challenge since it was newly formed. It also presented an opportunity to learn a variety of different skills and become a much broader team as we merged cross country. ", " Good stepping stone in career. May risk to be a generalist instead of specialist. Friendly work environment and culture with born and bred EY colleagues. ", " EY is an excellent company to work with. EY has a great work culture, regular training program for consistent carrier growth and transparency in every decision. ", " Not a bad place to work.  Top management needs to exercise more humane touch or be understanding. Sometimes, excellence, fast, does not go with high volume of work load. ", " Team environment, very supportive, decent benefits, good culture.  They help advance your career and continually strive keep employees interested.  Coworkers are great. ", " Talented co-workers, good management. Long hours, redundant work sometimes, but good experience overall. Great learning opportunities for consulting roles. ", " Ernst and Young is a great place to work due to the employees of the firm. Everyone that I have come in contact with during my time at the firm has been helpful and supportive. ", " To long ago to remember. Just that we did a lot of mail shots to various companies we would send them booklets of interest associated with their business interests ", " Busy season is a very demanding time of year, but once out of busy season there is a lot of flexibility.   Co-workers are professional and also very competitive.   The hardest part of the job is managing multiple accounts and you're expected to be available all hours of the day, even on vacation.  The most enjoyable part of the job is the flexibility and the vacation package. ", " I got a chance to join the vacation program organised by Ernst and Young in the Assurance department. While working in the department, I got the opportunity to work at the client's office. Due to I was an undergraduate trainee, I did most of the vouching work and handle some of the sections as well. The hardest part and also the most enjoyable part of the job might be communicating with the clients. This program has exposed me to many different skills, such as computer skills and the most important, communication skills. Overall, I think that I had really learnt a lot during the program. ", " EY is a good place to work. The learning curve is very steep but attainable. Workers get out of it, what you put in, and it is ultimately one's responsibility to ensure that you are successful.   There often can be mentors, but due to the high level of productivity it can be hard to get another individual (peer, senior or executive) to take interest in your future.   The perks are enjoyable, good benefits, flexibility exists when there are no deadline. ", " Created audit paperwork based on client information for annual verification    Audited items in company account using extracted financial vouchers     Learned industry-standard Excel skills such as Lookups and Pivot Tables ", " Great place to work, many opportunities for growth different job roles and possibilities to engage with senior leadership ", " EY is a stable and secure place to advance your career and work with other like-minded individuals. I was satisfied with my time spent there, it just want not conducive to my end career goals. ", " Good place to start a career, but not great for working mothers.  Company  allows flexibility, but depending on your group it is possible that members of the group (including managers) frown upon if it if you do take advantage of those flexibilities.  Expect to work over 70 hours a week - this includes charge work and non charge work.  The company overall is great, but management has been changing for the worst in the past 2 years. ", " The firm is also good for beginners. However, one should come after completing his/ her qualification because there is work over load and you will not get proper time to study. You will learn to work under team environment and will become more technically strong. The stay    should not be more than 3 years. The firm does not pay well but there is job stability. ", " EY was a really great work place to develop career path in financial service industry, suitable for both freshers to develop "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " They have a long way to achieve their 2020 vision.  The first thing they should focus on is listening to their staff and keeping them happy. ", " The Company is as advertised. Big 4 with great pedigree. Would recommend it as a great starting point in one's career. Stay as long as you possibly can. ", " My time in Silicon Valley EY office was short but informative. The bay area offices are very challenging with large and complicated clients. Long hours, lots of work, too few seniors but what you learn in unparalleled in the public accounting industry. Quite a unique set of offices. ", " Good exposure to various businesses  Knowledgeable management and seniors  Robust methodology and reporting  Good trainings   Informal and less stressful ", "  \tPlanned the manuscripts of different accounting subjects with Microsoft Excel   \tResolved customer concerns through effective communication  \tIdentified potential risks through analysis of financial performance   \tEarned the Ernst &amp; Young Outstanding Performance Award among the interns ", " It's nice because you work with a lot of very smart people and work is pretty flexible.  Hours are long around busy season which is typically January - April but depending on your position busy season starts more around November. ", " This is a large corporation with many benefits and opportunities. This has been a learning and growing experience. No two days are ever the same, things are always changing. ", " Plethora of opportunities for professionals in the consulting industry and also this business support industry. High-performing team culture that promotes knowledge sharing and supporting academic endeavors and career advancement ", " You will be visiting many offices and would be seeing very different office cultures in each of them. This is the best place to learn as you will get exposed to various issues that you need to solve based on the accounting standards and policies that are adopted by the company being audited. Very good place to work if you are simultaneously studying for exams as you will have many other colleagues that are studying just like you and would have people that can encourage you and assist you whenever you face a stumbling block in your study as well as career life. ", " EY was a great place to gain experience and learn a tremendous amount as an accountant and auditor. The Company provides various opportunities to grow and develop career skills that will benefit you in the future. Although the hours are difficult to bear, it is a great initial job right out of school. ", " Good and safe environment where colleagues respect each other's space and life. Management is terrible, as the system is too bureaucratic, low pay, short hours but safe job. Best for later stages in career. ", " You will get much exposure and opportunities from the firm. However, some time lacking of staffing resources could happen and you will need to be prepared to finish engagement on your own. ", " I enjoy working with EY. The environment is very relaxed and trusting. I don't feel like there is much room for growth unless you are in a finance related role. ", " In EY I had a great opportunity to learn different accounting policies and apply in different clients. I had an opportunity also to work with different team every week, which made me more flexible with people. ", " It was a very good experience working with EY, Staff and workers are very skilled and working environment is very professional. ", " bad place to work. long hours, boring work, no job satisfaction. if you like moving, using your mind and going home before 9 this is NOT the place for you. ", " EY does not assign projects based on a particular person's skills and/or experience. Instead, projects are assigned based solely on a person's rank. This leads to tasks being done by those who are not qualified and/or have zero interest in a particular task.   The team I was on is extremely \"cliquish\" and hard to get involved with. However, I don't think this is necessarily reflective of the company as a whole.  The hardest part of the job is trying to stay motivated. The tasks I am assigned are generally something that could be handled by a person with 1-2 years of experience. However, I have over 20 years of experience. Thus, I get bored easily. ", " Ey is place which you can gain invaluable experience. Good place to meet nice people but terrible working hours. you have to really committed to your work and sometimes work and life balance can not be achieved easily. ", " It is a great place to learn and be exposed to the medium and high management level at clients, including C-Level executives (at Advisory Services at least). ", " EY is a great place to work. The culture is second to none. I have been afforded the opportunity to have work/life balance throughout my career here as well as opportunity for growth. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Multiple career opportunities, positive and empowering teams and management. Teams are fun to work with and it is easy to approach more senior members. ", " Typical day was generally well planned and overall schedules were drawn up quite in advance. Most enjoyable part of working here was that you get exposed to a wide variety of industries and learn so much on the job. ", " .design auidting strategies and determine risks .execute and perform auidting proceduces .assist in preparing financial statements with client  .prepare auditing reports ", " An enjoyable company to work for so long you have the correct management in place.  People ( non management) in certain areas are very friendly, supportive and at hand to help support you whenever required. ", " Worked with the firm for 16 years as an Office Manager and Executive Assistant.  Office environment at Times Square location is great, many departments and co-workers are wonderful to work with. ", " I worked for E&amp;Y a long time ago as an Auditor. This was my introduction to the corporate world and I am glad this provided with a lot of experience and knowledge in such a short period of time. ", " - Steep learning curve in the first few years - Work life balance not very good - Job security: good - Advancement: good  Like many other large professional services companies, work-life balance in EY is not very good, especially during busy seasons. ", " Great company to work for, professional environment.Loved the firm, but things did not work out with the test that is required to be passed. ", " Very serious environment. working hard getting things done on a typical day. would work here in the future if I could love working here ", " It was proud to be working with EY. It gave me international exposure and I wish to continue with the organization like this. ", " Improved on my excel skills.  Improved my reporting and technical accounting skills.  developed a lot of attributes regarding communication style, attention to detail and analytical thinking. ", " The EY experience is one that stays with you for life!!  The environment is conducive for ambitious, career driven and hard working individuals to excel and attain their true potential. The people and culture are amazing whereby excellence is achieved through great team synergies and efforts. Most importantly, the ever accessible flat leadership style promotes collaboration, the courage to learn through making mistakes.  No engagement is ever the same as the next, thereby making for a very dynamic, fast paced and steep learning work environment. ", " Excellent company, looking for new challenges to progress my career further within the financial industry and relocate to the Leeds area. ", " EY is a great place to work. I've learned so much over the years and worked with a lot of wonderful people. After 23 years I still enjoy what I do. The day is challenging but rewarding. I've made life long friendships. ", " To overcome stress is something that could be quickly adaptable.  A typical day at work would be when staff are poorly allocated, eg: when a client office is within 15 mins from home however one is being sent to client place which takes more than two hours of travel\u007f,while there is an employee who lives close by to the same client. In learning there is no shortage, every colleague has something different and new to teach. At a good day at work where you observe a hectic of Issues at clients, the appreciation provided by the immediate boss is much lesser than the client.  The most enjoyable part of the job is visiting clients in breathtaking locations. ", " EY is well established firm with lots of exposure and learning opportunities. You get an opportunity to engage with people from different business units e.g Tax, Advisory, IT cyber security and get to know the exciting things they do. ", " worked for 14 years,  started as the admin assistant and after hnc in accounts became a client handler in trusts. prepared trust accounts. made lifelong friends ", " I have been working at EY for more than 4 years and it has given me many opportunities to growth both personal and professional working experience.   I have engaged into many projects with both local Vietnamese and Singaporean banks and foreign financial institutions. ", " good working relationship with colleagues and direct superiors. I have been exposed with different aspects of accounting cycle which has become a foundation of my professional experience ", " Public accounting is tough.  Especially for an experienced hire.  This is a place that will chew you up and spit you out when they no longer need you.  Not a great place for work life balance. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " I think this was the best way for me to see what an internship did for me. I think it was great time meeting the team and enjoying myself when i was there. I asked many questions and saw most of the clients had a lot of money that needed to be checked. ", " Learned a lot there, really enjoyed the people and the opportunity they gave me.  I was working in the law department, and followed the young lawyers of the firm around, had access to some files and was able to learn a lot about data management. ", " EY is a great place to work.  Lots of extra activities going on, you can get as involved as you'd like.  They treat their employees very well, particularly in the Boston office. People are generally very nice and helpful.  Learning to get around the company is the most difficult part of the job but once you figure that out, it truly is a great company. ", " management cannot keep promises not open to new ideas despite their claims a major disappointment since I expected them to be world class ", " EY has a people focused dynamic that is rare in consulting.  Its audit heritage bleeds into its consulting wing and creates a strong culture of integrity.  Overall work loads are fair and balanced.  I enjoy how I am able to continue to grow professionally as well as deliver excellence on projects. ", " A typical day at work is unexpecting, may have many surprises be it pleasant or unpleasant. Management needs to improve in managing staffs.  The most enjoyable part of the job is your supporting peers. ", " Not a bad place to work.  Top management needs to exercise more humane touch or be understanding. Sometimes, excellence, fast, does not go with high volume of work load. ", " Smart people to work with.  Excellent training, compensation and benefits.  Ability to advance quickly through the organization.  Global advancement. ", " Good top notch company with lots of fun and smart peopoe to work with. Good training offered. Good on the job coaching. Nice office. Can not think of anything bad about this company. ", " EY was a really great work place to develop career path in financial service industry, suitable for both freshers to develop ", " It has a culture of learning and acceptance. Employees and colleagues are ready to assist you with tasks/jobs. I would definitely recommend this experience. ", " Being with EY is one of the best decisions I made. It has a great culture of taking care of its people. This made its people in good working conditions. ", " I really had a great time working with nice peoples, Besides, i've been taught to learn how to work in a worldwide professional company . The environment was peaceful and comfortable. I earned some experiences to be more matured and discipline. ", " There  are advantage and  disadvantage.  Advantage: I had the opportunity of meeting new people and client's industry are very interesting. There are proffesional very interested on having quality in deliverables.  Disadvantage: There is not life balance.  For instance, people is booked to perform their job for less time or hours budget than  the project needs therefore it is necessary work extra hours and any of  them are paid. Managers instead of negotiate higher fees with the clients they keep the same budget and blame the team for spending more hours. On the other hand Partners and Director blame the team for not charge the real hours. ", " My former work place is fun and enjoyable,we are on show business. checking trainees attendance, lectures, dance warm -ups and in my private office, writing....modules manuals etc....workmates peek to say hello before their respective classes....we have lots of fun together brainstorming on the shows music social graces classes and the likes while enjoyably earning well too. management was haqving fun,too taking care of us,their subordinates. it was a waonderful experience with the academy.the only hard part is the almost always time constraints but its part of it all and a very good condiment for the main goal. ", " Translation is much needed by this company on daily basis. I learned new skills and attended new training courses. EY Management is very qualified and mercy while coworkers are very friendly and cooperative. The hardest part of the job is still the quality of translation that client should accept it and the most enjoyable part of it is continuous training and online learning. ", " EY has been a great company to work for and i am happy to have been given the opportunity to work here as i learnt a lot. The company supports further learning and education. ", " EY is a very efficient workplace but no worklife balance. This is a place to learn everything in a effective manner and have a great learning curve compared to other MNC. ", " Publications say all the right things, but day to day life as an employee is difficult, lack of collaboration leads to multiple groups trying to solve the same problems with no sharing of learnings and ownership is interesting. ", " People comprises not only clients, but also those working at the firm. As a professional service organization, retaining highly talented personnel and growing with them is vital for the progress of the client, firm and the professionals. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " In our workplace our managers are kind and fun and my co-workers are so friendly we hang out once a week.Its just some of the company benefits its little bit unfair to others. ", " EY is a great company to work for if you are starting a carreer and is interested in learning a lot of different things (just like the other Big Fours). People there are flexible and easy to work with, and it is easy to change within the firm if you are not \"fitting in\". The cons: EY growth through mergers has been proportionately high in the last years, so a lot of processes and org structures are not quite consolidated, which hinders meritocracy and \"predictability\" in terms of what professionals can expect for their careers. It is a mix of cultures - which sometimes it's a good thing, but at times leads to conflicts and attrition. ", " My experience at EY was very beneficial and I was able to gain valuable knowledge.  My current motivation would be to start a new experience in a company and apply my knowledge to grow within the structure. ", " Enjoyed working at EY, grew in my career path, excellent team to work with. Enjoyed glorious days at EY.   Gained a lot of varied experience and exposure ", " - Focused on client delivery  - Driving additional initiatives - FSO Lunch &amp; Learn , FSO Townhall Committee - Managed resources to deliver client engagements - Cross functional teams  - Diversity ", " Good company to start the carrer and get plenty of experience on several projects. Highly skilled co-workers. Conection to high management and sensitve topics.  No routine and so many options... ", " Learned a lot there, really enjoyed the people and the opportunity they gave me.  I was working in the law department, and followed the young lawyers of the firm around, had access to some files and was able to learn a lot about data management. ", " Gave me a good insight into the working world. It taught me what is expected in the work place and all the employees were welcoming and communicated with me well. Overall I enjoyed my time there. ", " This was a 3 week work experience which included me taking on the role of a typical accountant as well as me learning valuable information related to the running of a professional company. ", " EY has a strong culture and is a great place to work. Every place has their pros/cons and every group is different.  Just being will to travel if you are a consultant. ", " EY has a lot of opportunity for new hires to start and grow a career. Now is a great time to join consulting practice as its growth has shot up a ton in the last 5 years. ", " It was a great experience and I learn alot. I like the culture and the people and the organizational structure. They will prepare you for the accounting world and help shape your skills. ", " Learnt from many professional people with specific knowledge with regard to the industry. It is always challenging since the work assignment may contain something that is completely new, but help is always provided. ", " Be ready for non stop action packed days Many learning opportunities available Great benefits Smart hard working people Management should work to be more in tune with employees, however. flexible work schedule ", " The people that you work with will have your back and will work with you on your problems. If you vocalize that you are having problems on a project, management will take the time to go through your responsibilities with you and work to create a plan that will enable you to accomplish your goals and the requirements of the job. ", " I spent 13 years with EY. Learnt alot, gained plenty of experience and developed my skills tremendously.   Working as a consultant is good if you are single and willing to spend 15 hours at work. ", " A typical day with working for EY, will be going out to my clients, perform internal audit reviews.  This allows me to be part of a team which I enjoy. I believe that we can accomplish more if we work together as a team.  Also allows me to communicate with management at the client. ", " i have learned that respect, trust, honesty and support makes a great team.  having to work with managers/mentors who are willing to spend their time guiding and counselling makes an experienced working days. ", " Busy workload, low pay, slow promotion, workspace very limited; good training. culture depends. high turnover; not too much to comment , stay there not long ", " Work from 9 a.m to 5 p.m with 1.5 hours for lunch. Sometimes work after 5 p.m. The manager of my group is very nice and taught me a lot like quality the first and never stop reading to improve myself. My colleagues are all hard-working and then create a positive working atmosphere, improved working efficiency.  The hardest part of the internship is that I am totally fresher and meet many first time during working and then I need to spend more time to finish work. And always feel pressure during the internship The most enjoyable part of the job is that I did learn a lot and feel the  comfortable working environment. And know about the difference between study and work more clearly. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Great colleagues and clients; intense atmosphere but very rewarding.  An opportunity to learn a great deal at a leading organization.    Assignment to projects can occasionally be somewhat arbitrary. ", " I was told that I wouldn't have to travel in my role, however, within weeks I was traveling each week on a project outside of my skill set. The firm is too big and there is little effort on your success. ", " Typical Big Four sytle. very busy in peak season with endless overtime, and considerable amount of idle time in off-peak season. Very high turn over rate. ", " The staff is very dedicated and focused. It is a multi-cultural environment. There is a big scope of learning and experience to gain. ", " All the staff are very helpful and kind. Open to answer any questions I had. Always ready to help and guide me in my work. Learned a lot about the world of audit and accounting ", " A great place to work. Innovative technology. Great team and camaraderie. Loved the culture there.  Fun place to work. Several events during the year and we were well fed. The hardest part of the job was there was no opportunity to move upward. ", " very demand role in assurance, travel a lot, over time. efficient management  client base work client face skills project base work team work ", " Every person knows about audit life !!  The long hours, extensive knoledge in accounting practice, the diversity of clients and industries during one's tenure.  Constant and comprehensive trainings throughout the year in Audit methodologies, IFRS, Time management, etc...  Salaries and benefits at start are and the lower end of the scale, however, gets a henfty push once in the managerial level.  BIG FOUR in general are the best way to secure your future in the financial career. ", " one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty ", " Significant client portfolio in all sizes, challenging interesting opportunities. IPO's, M&amp;A, audit under IFRS, USGAAP, Greek GAAP, special audit projects. Great team spirit even under extreme pressure in meeting the deadlines of multiple projects ", " EY is a culture which expects you to provide your very best. It's also generally forgiving of mistakes, appreciating these as part of the learning and development process. Not an organisation for those expecting an easy time, especially if you're client facing. ", " Colleagues are very friendly and supportive. It highly appreciates employees. Respect is key in daily interaction.Diversity &amp; Inclusiveness is key fac ", " Work at EY as you may all know requires significant time commitment. However, the best part of this type of job is that you learn a lot because you come across companies from various industries. Another advantage is that job promotion is guaranteed if you work well. Some of the disadvantages include: poor work-life balance, low salary benefits. ", " Such a great environment  Lot to learn  Fun place to work  Great appreciations  Nice benefits  and they have a very good policies on transport and hike.  As a whole a good place to work on ", " In peak season, we always go to clients' office do field work and we have to finish our work under time pressure. I have learned good communication skills with clients, managers, other experts and colleagues. Time management is extreme important to do this job.  After applicate and use my professional knowledge learned at school in working, I had a huge improvement on my technical skills and accounting, business knowledge. Colleagues are excellent people. we should work together, live together, share interest things together. ", " \uf0d8\tFinancial Statements Analysis and Interpretation:  My training at Ernst &amp; Young Ford Rhodes Sidat Hyder, Chartered Accountants provided opportunities to understand the significance of various account balances in measuring the position and performance of the enterprises and interpret the financial statements for the purposes of stakeholders, lenders and government agencies. ", " Wonderful place for young adults to learn the business, great technique and method  to analyse market. The team work is impressive. It is  intense but also fun and interesting. ", " I was working as a Vacation work student in my Honours year at EY. Assisted with their engagement findings and learned about the company and what Internal Auditing is about in practice. ", " The day starts by going to clients and performing audit procedures. Afterwards, coming back to the office and entering my timesheet. This gives experience in multitasking especially when you have a portfolio of clients to work on.  report to audit managers and partners was part of the duties and management is forthcoming with regards to issues raised during audits. We worked as a team and our efforts were results driven.  The job at times required us to put in long hours and use some of the weekend time, thus giving me less time with family and friends.  Being an auditor at this global firm gave me the experience that i would not get at any other place. ", " The staff was very helpful and provided adequate training, so I could become an effective team member. The assignments as an Intern provided a wide range of exposure to the transfer pricing world and allowed me to get a thorough understanding of what transfer pricing entailed. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " - Get more knowledge &amp; experience in Auditning - Facing the difficult situation better - More confident in communicating with client, boss, other staffs ", " E&amp;Y has open seating.  When you come in, you swipe your card, and select a seat for that day, or week, insuring that no workstations are left idle.  Free coffee! ", " EY focuses on building a better working environment and hence focuses on building good working relations with its staff in order to enhance performance and productivity ", " EY has a people focused dynamic that is rare in consulting.  Its audit heritage bleeds into its consulting wing and creates a strong culture of integrity.  Overall work loads are fair and balanced.  I enjoy how I am able to continue to grow professionally as well as deliver excellence on projects. ", " I worked for almost five years at Ernst &amp; Young, where I was a Senior Consultant of Human Capital team. I collected and analyzed statistical data in order to define main trends in labor market in the frame of salary survey for the clients (major companies in Finance, Oil and Gas, Mining, FMCG, IT and Telecommunications, Pharmacy). ", " EY has created a very friendly environment and people are amiable and generous in sharing knowledge. Also, there is always something to learn in EY, and there is a lot of things to learn. ", " Training is lacking. There needs to be more of an investment in its people. Great place diversity. The amount of work can be overwhelming. ", " Great people. great learning opportunities. I was given freedom to develop my team as I saw fit. Had support from senior management to make us #1 ", " A very good place to grow if you find good mentors who can guide you. There is lot of industry knowledge required which makes the job interesting.   People who are both social and workaholic would thrive in this firm ", " challenging but rewarding environment  I learned a lot and worked with many different clients. Senior level mangers really care about their employees and do everything they can to help them out and teach them. ", " Relaxed atmosphere, resulting in a productive workplace. Very good work-life balance.  Workforce turnover is very high, however, due to a poor salary structure across-the-board. ", " EY is a typical high pressure consulting environment. If you go into the organization not knowing this, you would have been ill-informed. The working hours are long and client is king, which means that deadlines can be unreasonable and though teams may have conflict, the work must be delivered.   No two days in EY are the same. Client meetings, report writing, data analysis, recommendation synthesis, team meetings, conferences, presentations - all of these and/or a combination of these may happen on a daily basis for multiple clients, at multiple sites for multiple project scopes of work.  The hardest part of the job is knowing when to stop for the day and knowing how much work is too much. Your day can be as long as 12-15 hours. It pays to know the importance and priority of your checkpoints on a checklist before diving into the work.  Since EY's advisory department has a number of different services, it pays to know which kind of service you are interested in since this will be your expertise for the next few years in the firm, even though you may be shuffled between departments within advisory due to overlapping knowledge. ", " I have worked at EY for 5 years and I loved it and thrived. But your experience largely depends on your direct manager. My current manager is awful (an exception in this firm, I believe), which is why I'm looking for another opportunity. ", " I thoroughly enjoyed working there, the organisation culture was great and the projects you are assigned to push you to your limits which is what working for me is all about! Management is filled by experienced professionals and you learn a lot from them. ", " EY used to be a great company to work for. They valued their people and promoted from within.  It all changed when the family culture turned to a corporate culture. CIOs come and go every 3-4 years. IT organizations get turned up side down and many people got fired.   Since the company went globalization, what's left of the IT jobs have steadily been outsourced to other countries. Now the IT jobs in USA have been chipped away and shipped overseas where they can hire 3-4 employees for the price of one. ", " I was an assoicate for the first two year then i got promoted to engagement auditor level I was working with different team each week in each client i go to. I leant the work principles and leadership, how to deal with clients, building professional realtionships ", " Great company to work for.  Hired because of knowledge of Lilly.  Supported 200 EY consultants.  Proud to say that Partners of the firm would only allow me to work on their laptops. ", " From my own perspective, EY provides a great opportunity to leverage my past experience and utilize what I have learned from B school. The most attractive part of this company is its open air and efficient communication between lines, both top down and bottom up. ", " Translation is much needed by this company on daily basis. I learned new skills and attended new training courses. EY Management is very qualified and mercy while coworkers are very friendly and cooperative. The hardest part of the job is still the quality of translation that client should accept it and the most enjoyable part of it is continuous training and online learning. ", " Tough hours but a good work environment.  Opportunities for gained exposure in different markets.  Work-life balance can be a challenge during busy season. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " The work experience that I have completed at EY has provided me with a great insight into the world of business. The staff are very genuine, and the atmosphere is very friendly. ", " EY is a very diverse work place where your exposure is high and gives an opportunity to gain exponential knowledge in a shot span of time. ", " EY praises work/life/balance - THERE IS NO SUCH THING for Executive Assistants!  The EA SUPERVISOR in Hartford, CT was swearing, harassing and very hostile towards employees, whereas if employees knew she was coming in the office they would avoid her as best they could.   Your desk is not your own - you MUST remove all personal belongings at the end of each day.   There are also cameras in the ceilings so they can monitor every move you make during the course of the day.  Oh and don't think about talking in a normal work like voice, because it's too loud and distracting! ", " EY is a great company to work for if you're willing to put in a lot of work. A lot of work. Seriously when tax time comes, forget your life. ", " co-operation is the key to success, importance of being a team player, brush up my language and communication skills, more active ", " This was only a temporary internship of 2 months. Made some good friends and my manager was an awesome guy. Before I could learn more, my internship ended. ", " Fun working environment, i learned a lot and been able to work with accounting systems and principles in real life. The most enjoyable part of the job is about teamwork. ", " This was my first employment and i enjoyed it a lot. I learned a lot there and it helped me to improve individually and give a boost to my career. I received many help from different individual from different hierarchy and I was often appreciated for my work. ", " EY is a great place to learn and gain exposure working with clients. You are constantly working on different projects with different teams, and learn to work with a variety of backgrounds and working style. ", " I loved my experience at EY Venezuela. I had the opportunity to work with the executives, different departments and service lines of the firm. The work environment is multidisciplinary and very productive, with wide opportunities to learn and grow within the firm. ", "  \tPlanned the manuscripts of different accounting subjects with Microsoft Excel   \tResolved customer concerns through effective communication  \tIdentified potential risks through analysis of financial performance   \tEarned the Ernst &amp; Young Outstanding Performance Award among the interns ", " At EY you have a very structured career plan and everyone helps you to be on the path for promotions. It's a very young environment and you really feel part of a team. ", " EY was a great company to work for.  The job content, challenge and advancement opportunities were outstanding.  I would work for EY any day. ", " I loved working as a intern at EY . It was very hands on and I learned a lot about working with peers and team building .  The hardest part of the job was working efficiently , but after I got the hang of everything . It was a great experience ! ", " EY is a great company to work for if you are client facing. Do not go into the ASA program as the stigma is horrible. Your treated like a glorified EA and cant move into the client side at all ", " The coworkers are great and management helps individuals to get necessary training the most enjoyable part was defect triage meeting and getting in discussions with the end users I learned a lot while working with EY specially from all the colleagues The hardest part of the job was to keep up with ever chnaging requirements ", " EY is an excellent place to grow professionally. Without any doubts a perfect place to start a career. Work environment is always nice and management put a lot of effort to keep it this way.  Work/life balance usually is very poor but it helps you to learn a lot in a very short time. This is perfect for career starters. On the other hand, if you are experienced professional, you should enjoy a lot your work, you should don't care working long hours and you should  be very focus on your career, otherwise you will be leaving the company in a year.  Compensation is average for the industry.  Management focus on career advancement of every employee. ", " Good Working Environment,  A lot of self learning and colleges is helpful. Prepare for long hours of OT during peak period. ", " Use market knowledge to help clients manage their exposure to risk.  Valuations  Create open, robust valuations as part of corporate transactions, providing the objective advice that our clients will rely on. ", " I am glad to be part EY family. There is lot of learning happening each day. The team members are quite supportive and we quite often have training sessions. I learned tableau software from EY "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Typical day was generally well planned and overall schedules were drawn up quite in advance. Most enjoyable part of working here was that you get exposed to a wide variety of industries and learn so much on the job. ", " EY helped me develop my consulting (soft skills) and experience different aspects of the financial services and banking industry. EY is a fast paced and team orientated work environment. ", " N/A  typical day includes responding to lots of emails. and lots of meetings. I work with the individual tax department so we are busy around this time of the year. ", " Great place to work. Provides you with the right level of exposure to a variety or areas. They do expect you to travel across the country depending on clients needs. ", " My tenure at EY was challenging, enlightening, and enjoyable. It's a very professional and friendly place to work. My co-workers and supervisors were fair and demanding; and, they were patient in their training and mentoring. ", " To long ago to remember. Just that we did a lot of mail shots to various companies we would send them booklets of interest associated with their business interests ", " you never really feel time, great career path, career advancements, i had really excellent experience there. excellent place to start up a career ", " EY is a great place to work. I've learned so much over the years and worked with a lot of wonderful people. After 23 years I still enjoy what I do. The day is challenging but rewarding. I've made life long friendships. ", " \uf0d8\tFinancial Statements Analysis and Interpretation:  My training at Ernst &amp; Young Ford Rhodes Sidat Hyder, Chartered Accountants provided opportunities to understand the significance of various account balances in measuring the position and performance of the enterprises and interpret the financial statements for the purposes of stakeholders, lenders and government agencies. ", " I love the company and how they concentrate on building a person. And I like the environment. I worked in a big team and everyone was intelligent and nice. ", " Fast paced environment where you get the opportunity to take on new challenges daily.  You get experience and feedback from team members and can have the opportunity to work with multiple types of clients. ", " Created audit paperwork based on client information for annual verification    Audited items in company account using extracted financial vouchers     Learned industry-standard Excel skills such as Lookups and Pivot Tables ", " At EY, they say ' building a better working world'.   As part of the world\u2019s highest performing teams, I got the chance deliver real insight and value. In the process, i I got the chance have the chance to build relationships with people from all over the world and from a variety of industries, and those relationships will help you to learn, develop and shape my career. ", " work starts 8:30 and ends 5:00 during regular seasons,  more overtime during busy season (around 10hours perday) conduct field work at the client's site get coached by senior staff and managers prepare and document the working papers get the managers to review the working papers clear the review notes from managers have to study the CPA knowledge after work  co-workers are very helpful  managerment are very experienced ", " Very well diverse as well as caring and understanding company.   Family oriented and appreciative of it's hard working staff. Extremely accommodating and reasonable as well. ", " \u25cfPrepared partnership ,corporation returns ,trust and individual returns,International returns for large client \u25cfBeing very proficient in software such as Gosystem RS,Onesource,CCH,Checkpoint RIA and BNA etc \u25cfReivew tax returns and helped staff prepare the tax provisions ,walkthrough and test of controls \u25cfReviewing the workpapers prepared by staff during year-end tax provision by applying ASC740 \u25cfTax review for a couple of clients in NEO ohio ", " No opportunities to progress, people are overworked, not a friendly environment. in summary, I would not recommend this company to prospective candidates ", " Long hours. Great opportunity to expand and grow. Easy access to management. work with big companies. Great systems in place to help employees ", " Working at EY has been rewarding and progressive. I have learned a significant lot in accountancy and analysis as well as advisory and I have met some of the finest personalities that has better placed me in the corporate world. ", " - Dynamic workplace with very nice and considerate people - People culture - Employee views, preferences, interests and career goal matters. Very supportive management - Good compensation as compared to market rates for the same position - Great learning and growth opportunities - "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " EY provides excellent job training and fosters a professional work environment.  It is a great place to get started, grow and learn, and build a career. ", " Chilled and nice place to work, in corporate environment. Company is focused on diversity and different industry sections. ", " The work life balance is hard to keep the balance, but experience is wonderful and benefit for your next job. It is a great start job for younger profession. ", " professional Environment with an 8 to 4 work time with lots of overtime which was not paid for. The experience was an enjoyable and learning one co workers are usually very helpful as well as management. ", " Organised project plan for the day.  Working in Ernst &amp; Young was the best years of my entire career.  I started as a Training Assistant and promoted to HR Training Manager.   The management was excellent in looking after their employees with regard to compensation, professional development and career growth.  My team was excellent and each member demonstrated their commitment and hard work in achieving the team goals and objectives.  Lots of work pressure in meeting deadlines.  I gained various HR skills and knowledge which helped me in my career growth. My value and contribution were recognised. ", " Great experience as an intern in the Asset Management practice working on hedge funds and private equity funds performing associate level tasks throughout the summer ", " Good company with great leadership, but can get a bit too bureaucratic. Lots of internal opportunities as well, but the only downfall is when you work in consulting, utilization matters more than any of the other activities you do. ", " Fun Filled and motivated staff despite setbacks such as extremely low pay which does frustrate an occasional employee. I learned a lot about teamwork and how to deal with clients especially difficult ones. Apart from that I also learnt how to get what I had in my mind across to someone to convince them of a solution they don't have much technical expertise about.   Management have a lot of conflicts which effect the junior staff members who are in a vast majority. Co-workers were absolutely friendly and always willing to let a hand even if that particular job  or engagement does not concern them.  The hardest part of the job is very generic with all employers in this industry and that is to meet deadlines given by difficult to deal with clients. The most enjoyable part of the whole EY experience is the strong bonding between all the employees through various social meets held by EY for their employees. ", " Great firm to work for. Never a dull moment.  Opportunity for advancement if one holds a degree in accounting.  Must be able to work more than 40+ weekly. ", " You can learn a lot through the flat structure and go through almost all the products:Forex, futures, Options, bonds,and company valuation for PE/VC purpose. ", " Good people to work with. Management needs improvement. There is no open and clear communication from senior management.  Too much bureaucracy and focus on growth versus the workforce ", " This was my first employment and i enjoyed it a lot. I learned a lot there and it helped me to improve individually and give a boost to my career. I received many help from different individual from different hierarchy and I was often appreciated for my work. ", " Excellent organization to gain experience across various clients. It allows for opportunities to to learn new skills and meet lots of people. ", " I did not get the EY experience.  We are an acquired company so the rules, boundaries and growth was different.  EY outside of our merger had the culture that we were told about.  If one comes in as a regular EY employee the transition would be much smoother.  The community at large seemed to be very pleased with the support and the ability to be supported. The company has many methods for growth but one has to ask their co-workers and management to guide them so that you can move forward.  Do not put these tasks in any one person's hands.  Make sure you have a Mentor and Sponsor that can share the unspoken rules with you.  Find organizations to join to network with others so you can get the advise you need to move forward. ", " Coming in at 8 in the morning. Read EY daily news and begin working on workpapers. Long hours during busy season but great team will compensate the hours. Learned to work efficiently, research for tough questions, work in teams, and client interaction. ", " A typical day at work is checking my emails to see what my work was for the day I have learned to always ask questions  Management was always present and involved My co-workers worked well together The hardest part of the job were the long hours The most enjoyable part of the job was learning ", " The most challenging aspect of working for EY for an introvert like me is that because of the remote work lifestyle people have to make an effort to establish and maintain relationships with coworkers.  However, this flexibility is probably one of the most enjoyable things about the job. ", " EY provided me a friendly and informative environment. Everyone was very cooperative. For a fresher, they were very understanding and enabled me to learn on the job. ", " Good Working Environment,  A lot of self learning and colleges is helpful. Prepare for long hours of OT during peak period. ", " Usually overworked and that hinders the work life balance, however great company to work for and has great culture. Management does not have an say on what upper management decides. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " A typical day at work is unexpecting, may have many surprises be it pleasant or unpleasant. Management needs to improve in managing staffs.  The most enjoyable part of the job is your supporting peers. ", " I have been working in high performing teams that encourage learning and career development. Alongside my client work I have been studying for my ACA exams and have passed the certificate level of my exams. ", " I loved every moment of it. Everyone was great. Did a lot of work and paid really well. Would recommend to everyone. I learned collaboration, teamwork and organisational skills. ", " You learn to manage your time efficiently, multitasking, work with many sectors. It's a big school that gets your ready to start your career as manager in few years. ", " you never really feel time, great career path, career advancements, i had really excellent experience there. excellent place to start up a career ", " Challenging consulting environment and get to solve new problems every day. Always an opportunity to do something new provide value and move up the chain. ", " Typical day varied workload, working for busy partners who rarely acknowledge you, I learned how to updated wins and losses Nice offices, Work varied and pleasant co-workers   The hardest part of the job was trying to organise someone who clearly didn't want to be organised and who had a separate agenda. ", " Diversity is not well received and accepted. There is obvious division of minority and white/locals. ", " If you got it in you, nothing can stop you. Designation does not matter; you are allowed to take charge and lead per your capabilities.  Also, gives you a great exposure with working on different clients and traveling to different client sites. ", " Good place to work, Good learning and training opportunities. very high caliber and competitive team. Strong processes and knowledge sharing frameworks in place to speed up delivery, proposals and collaboration. ", " You will learn a lot and different Management styles. But the performance reviews are not honest, most are based on how close you are with Practice Manager. If the guy doesn't like you, you are gone. The MDS based reviews are useless, they only judge you based on who has experience on particular technology needed at that time. If you have technical experience in other technology shove it somewhere, it is no use for them. They also ask you not to talk about your experience with New tools as it is a flag to the client - that something is not right. There is no training or mentor ship, counselors are useless they try to save there skin and never help you out. You are your own counselor!  Find everything about practice before joining the firm. This is not that great if you are experienced hire. You have to start from scratch and with less money you used to get.   They are trying to change strategy Model on backs of hard working employees, but the senior management are reaping benefits. Overall the model will fail, as companies don't want to pay that much money for an hour and expenses. Clients are getting less paid consultants everywhere, so they might use EY for short term to get things going and dump them when their engines are running smoothly.  I don't know why CEO wants to 2020 vision and 50 B dollars? instead of focusing on the issues and reality that all are facing in this country. Hopefully they don't think they are too Big to fail firm. ", " Too Formal No career development No life balance Very Negative atmosphere Very Bad culture Nothing to learn No added Value ", " Working at E&amp;Y was great for a variety point of view. I was able to get involved in a lot of different projects. Every day was different and there was always a lot of travel. ", " good place to work; good diversity and inclusiveness.  very stable company with great benefits.  I would work for them again except I am seeking training position for which they do not have in Houston. ", " I had the opportunity to be sent on a mission from the very beginning of my experience at EY. This was challenging as I was very independent on the job, interacting directly with the client and various stakeholders, although I had to report regularly to my EY manager and senior manager. The projects I had to work on were very interesting, the tasks diverse and challenging. I learnt how to prioritize and work efficiently in a fast-paced environment. Although I was mainly at the client site, I could feel that I was part of the EY team and could always rely on that which I really appreciated. ", " Teamwork is key. Great environment. Everyone is friendly and hard working. I had a great time. Everyone spoke to each other and made each other feel like everyone was part of a family. ", " One of the best places to work, learn, improve and grow in one's career. Great team of peers and managers. Though I think it could've been somewhat a different place to work had been some global competition in the country such as KPMG, Bain &amp; Co. and others. ", " Typical day-Performed detailed analytical and substantive procedures over significant financial statement fluctuations Performed /analyzed client internal controls over financial reporting, identify issues, and involved in making recommendations to management.  Management- Great ", " EY has been a great place to work and learn through extensive experience across industries. The management is highly focused on high performance teaming and rewarding the right behavior. Overall, it is a exceptional experience which helps throughout your professional career. ", " Fast paced learning every aspect of a business. Young work force very involved and inclusive environment. Hardest part of the job is going through busy season. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Great place, great people, great leader, always ready to help, its like working with friends and family, Good Salary for starter, great benefits, ", " Working at EY has its pros and cons. It is a reputable company that does promote career growth. However, work life balance is hard to achieve in salary positions. Also, promotion and competitive compensation is hard to come by. The company encourages \"boomerangs\" which means, if you leave the company to find a better salary (which is common) you can come back and THEN the company will pay you more. Until then - the company does not pay competitive wages ", " A challenging environment, with a large array of projects from various fields such as energy, judicial and manufacturing. ", " Constantly surrounded by smart hard working people. Typical day varies depending on the client. The office often goes to happy hour after work. ", " working in a project was very fun and exciting. there were challenging days however we just has fun. We never really spent much time there as the project had to be moved ", " Come into the Office and do the same thing everyday. advancements are very good, but the 401k isn't great when first hired. Everyone in the office is in different groups because they are on different project. I'm the only one on my project so it gets boring. ", " Ernst and Young has a very intense and focused mission on making 50 billion dollars by 2020. Nothing but the best would be the most exact way to describe the expectation they have for all those who work for them. Hours worked can be anywhere from 40 to 100 a week depending on the timing within the season. As auditing is intense, the time for fun is limited, but most teams know when to have fun. ", " At EY, they say ' building a better working world'.   As part of the world\u2019s highest performing teams, I got the chance deliver real insight and value. In the process, i I got the chance have the chance to build relationships with people from all over the world and from a variety of industries, and those relationships will help you to learn, develop and shape my career. ", " EY is a great company where your voice can be heard and respected. I would recommend my friends to work with EY.  For people who just start their career, EY is great as you will have the chance to explore different clients in different industries and figure out what your passion really is. ", " I had great exposure to all c-suite executives at all of my clients and the pace of work was quick , keeping my mind always active ", " High turnover rate, but great individual development plan, perfect for new grads. Long working hours for associates and consultants, supportive environment for new comers. ", " Growth can translate into positives and negatives.  Postive are new end-to-end people/HR/talent capabilities. Negative: growing pains typical of a practice in transition ", " The job was always challenging and productive. The employees from managers to partners were all great people to work with day to day. Even though I had to commute to different offices, it was always great working for this company until they also did their restructuring. ", " Motivated by constant progress.  I find it exciting to implement new ideas and see them through to fruition.  I find the most satisfaction in implementing \u201cout-of-the-box\u201d ideas that ultimately prove their value. ", " EY is definitely a great place to grown in the external auditing area. The work culture and the people are great to work with. ", " Ernst and Young provided me the opportunity to learn a lot and thus enhance my skills. The open work culture helped a lot to make the atmosphere friendly and work better. The most important benefit was to meet clients and work for financial sectors like TD Bank, Home Trust Company, Ontario Pension Board, etc. This helped me to improve my client facing skills and improve my communication skills. Also co workers were very helpful. ", " I loved my experience at EY Venezuela. I had the opportunity to work with the executives, different departments and service lines of the firm. The work environment is multidisciplinary and very productive, with wide opportunities to learn and grow within the firm. ", " This place is definitely a great place for an accountant to gain knowledge and experience. A lot of exposure in different environments and dealing with different kind of clients. One of the best firm with amazing circle of people. Tones of activities throughout the year for everyone to participate.  For those hunger for challenging tasks, this place is definitely for you! ", " A typical day at work would consist of continuous client and internal team communication regarding updates or issues that have arisen.  I learned a tremendous amount regarding internal control environments; several accounting frameworks, attention to detail, and how to manage a team and a portfolio of clients.  Management at times could have provided better coaching.  Co-workers were great both professionally and casually.  Hardest part of the job was the lack of continual development when tasks became mundane and repetitive.   The most enjoyable part of the job was working with others and travelling. ", " If you want to learn and grow as a professional, EY is the place you need to be at. You can get multiple opportunities to learn other workstreams "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Fantastic place to start your career where you work with smart people, in a fast paced environment where a lot is expected. ", " The firm is a great place to develop your career in any of the firm's practice areas.  It is a demanding environment but opportunities are many if you decide that a client serving role is the best place to be. ", " At EY you will work hard and learn a lot about soft skills and management. Nevertheless, the work-life balance will not be the best. Multicultural teams with diverse backgrounds are the rule and the partners are making the best efforts to empower women. ", " Looking after over 6000 on site clients , helping with their technical needs. I've learn't how to work and cope in a large corporate environment, handling complex issues. Management, are very helpful and understanding of their staff.  I work with some ogf teh best people I have worked in my 25 year career.  The hardest part of my job, is not having enough time to do all that I need to.  Enjoyable part, is helping people. ", " If you want to learn and grow as a professional, EY is the place you need to be at. You can get multiple opportunities to learn other workstreams. You also get a chance to work with Subject Matter Resources (SMRs) on areas you dont specialize in!  Competitive pay and lots of other benefits. ", " organzation of conferences or social events autonomy - stress management - coordination  too hierarchy  amazing co-workers  anticipation ", " Excellent IT Environment Talented Team Scrum Celebrations Good Managers Learning New Technologies Excellent Management Enjoyed Working at EY ", " Working at Ernst and Young was an incredible honor and an awesome experience. I gained so many skills from this internship and got connected with many powerful people. But most of all, everybody made me feel like I was apart of the team ", " working with Ernst and Young was not a good place to work in my country because your inputs were not valued. you would have to work long hours and even on weekends, you were feeling like you are being used for others benefit. ", " I learnt a lesson for life at  this job, that I will never forget in my working career.  Over all it was a good company with a lot to offer. ", " The working environment is very nice and comfortable. The senior are willing and patiently guiding me in completing my tasks. ", " Typical day required working with a team and documenting audit evidences. Some travel required but also the flexibility to work at home. ", " I really enjoy working with the people at EY. Everyone I have met thus far have been very outgoing and sociable. EY really invests in their people whether it is networking events or happy hours. If I were to continue my career with EY, it would be mainly due to the people I have encountered and the people that I will encounter in the future. ", " Public Accounting is all about Chargeable Hours and generating revenue and absolutely nothing else, no matter what they advertise in their recruiting. ", " I learned a lot at EY but I did not like the corporate culture and felt that there was little effort to create a work/life balance for employees. ", " The coworkers are great and management helps individuals to get necessary training the most enjoyable part was defect triage meeting and getting in discussions with the end users I learned a lot while working with EY specially from all the colleagues The hardest part of the job was to keep up with ever chnaging requirements ", " - Hectic schedules - Meeting tough deadlines - Managing the team and managers and partners at the same time - Free environment and flexibility to work - Great platform to showcase your skills ", " Working at EY has been rewarding and progressive. I have learned a significant lot in accountancy and analysis as well as advisory and I have met some of the finest personalities that has better placed me in the corporate world. ", " This personally taught me what industry I should avoid, as I discovered that it wasn't tailored to me. It taught me also how to improve my presentation skills and the different dimensions to the professional services industry ", " Normally i was assigned to assist senior auditors in order to complete the audit assignment. More than two months was assigned for field audit with different audit teams within my three months internship program. All of my seniors are willing to answer every single question being asked and do me a favor whenever needed. During my internship over there, i learned a lot of knowledge about audit's work. Besides, it is needed to update my work progress daily to senior or director. I was assigned to handle audit assignment for some dormant companies. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " They work you hard here but the experience cannot be beat.  Lots of companies look for big 4 accounting but expect to work 9-6 for 7 months of the year and 830am-11pm during busy season from January to May ", " Ernst &amp; Young is one of the Big 4 Accounting firm. Getting inducted there and leaning was awesome. Working there helped me to enhance my skills and motivated me for future growth. ", " My day-to-day job involves efficiently managing others, communicating complex data to the technical team and breaking down this information for clients and stakeholders.  Problem-solving and troubleshooting are tasks which I face on a daily basis and am confident at resolving. When there is an issue, as often happens in facility operation, I am sure to investigate the issue fully, scope out the best methods to resolve it, probe implications of each method, and communicate the data clearly with all relevant team members. ", " Good technical leadership, training for future roles, build a collaborative environment to work.  Provided exposure to different industry sectors and different management styles. ", " My basic workday would include checking email for new and pending assignments. Complete and submit analysis for ongoing projects. attend several conference calls  keeping the team informed accomplishments, progress, setbacks or challenges. Maintained an effective and open line of communication with all levels of management and co workers. I learned allot about risk and resiliency. The  hardest part of the job was leaving once the internship was over. The most enjoyable part of the job were the daily challenges and the people I got to meet and glean from. ", " \u25cfPrepared partnership ,corporation returns ,trust and individual returns,International returns for large client \u25cfBeing very proficient in software such as Gosystem RS,Onesource,CCH,Checkpoint RIA and BNA etc \u25cfReivew tax returns and helped staff prepare the tax provisions ,walkthrough and test of controls \u25cfReviewing the workpapers prepared by staff during year-end tax provision by applying ASC740 \u25cfTax review for a couple of clients in NEO ohio ", " Get to the office, continue with the whatever project is at hand and complete it as soon as possible. There are people willing to help you if needed. ", " The company has good management. However the pressure is high. Anyway I can learn a lot in this company. If you are young and want to engage in financial industry, it's a good choice. ", " This workplace is a fast paced culture based on delivering the high quality client service. Attention to detail is required and performance is based off of expectations set when you join the firm. ", " Long hours. Great opportunity to expand and grow. Easy access to management. work with big companies. Great systems in place to help employees ", " I was attached to two different tax departments during my time here. First was People Advisory Services (PAS), which is about personal tax. It was during their peak period so it was typical for everyone to have overtime, even interns (I was an intern there). But, despite the long hours, everyone in the office was very cheerful and fun to work with. That makes the gruesome hours much less gruesome and even though I was only an intern, everyone treated me well and I was able to learn a lot through finalising the tax returns the staff drafted. The managers, supervisors and seniors are all very down to earth and we communicate constantly throughout the whole period. That had allowed us to bond well, which made us a good team. When I was transferred to the second department, Transaction tax department, it was much less hectic and there were days where I wasn't given any work to do (most probably due to the fact that I was only an intern). I wasn't able to learn anything at all other than amending some agreements and printing them for the seniors/managers.  Overall, it was a great balance for me to experience both the peak period and slack period in the three months in EY. ", " EY was a learning environment, bringing an international culture of professionalism and organization. Often the pressure was high due to multiple clients and deliverables. However, everyday life was productive and fun due to the multiple teams of young professionals interested in  learning and bringing value to their work. The hardest part of the job was long hours often overnight. However, receiving positive client feedback was always offsetting long hours and hard work. ", " Lot of travel fast paced work environment Nice colleague, good relationship with manager Flexible time arrangement  Learned a lot stress ", " The workload at a big four is not light as you will be working late many weekdays and possibly weekends. You will really develop some time management and prioritization skills due to this type of schedule since your peers will be putting in the same hours you are, if not more. Just spending that amount of time with my coworkers really helped create a camaraderie between our team and despite how tough some days were, you can tell management cares about everyone's development. ", " You learn much about working in teams, project management, maintaining and growing relationships with clients as well as highly specific subject matter. You will learn while here but what you will learn is entirely up to you, and there will be barriers from management as to what type of work you can and cannot support. Large time investment required to have a decision in where you want your career to take you. Typical of most corporations. ", " Heavy work-load but not good benefit (Salary, Compensation) Have to work Over-time, but it is unpaid. Company culture is normal. ", " Good, smart people. An interesting place to start a career since you get exposed to a wide range of people and industries. ", " Expected busy season workloads with audit deadlines. Much more relaxed than other firms and even offices across the region. Enjoy the people that I work with. ", " Learned a lot of things such as management communication training interviewing skills and how an organisation works. People there are very cooperative. Worked in the field in hard areas of Pakistan to complete assignments to gather data. ", " + a typical day at work: from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm, 1 hour break for lunch + busy season (around 4 months per year): overtime + what I learned: team leader skill; professional experiences; teamwork, networking, and client communication in financial service. + management: managing my own detailed work and the whole team's efficiency; effectively communicate and discuss my team's work with employers at upper level and Clients. + my co-workers: friendly, supportive, open-minded, open-hearted + the hardest part: huge workload, time constraint, during busy season there is high pressure + the most enjoyable part: flexible, self-controlled and independent working; supportive working environment; meaningful Team-building events during the year with colleagues. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " It was a good learning experience working here. The superiors focus on quality and ensure the staff is well trained in the process. ", " Challenging environment to quickly succeed, especially on the Advisory-side.  Make sure to have strong / experienced counselors and advisors. Always ask for training / guidance / etc... impossible to identify what resources are available without support. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job is you can independently lead a complicated project from head to toe with a pleasant and supportive team. The team was brainstorming together and worked so hard and brought the most valuable deliverables to clients with great satisfactions. ", " Extremely demanding but rewarding envoronment. The Company is part of top 100 best companies to work for.One of the Big 4 Accounting firms. ", " Good training ground for CPA professionals A lot of things to learn and challenges to face Good working environment Conflict or disagreement with clients regarding significant issues noted ", " I recommend this company if you are looking for a challenge and willing to learn in a fast pace work environment.  Long hours and a lot of travel.  This is due to the nature of the client base and location. ", " busy but can learn a lot if you are keen to learn. I had a good mentor who taught me not only about the job, but also how to balance work and life, and be positive, be optimistic. Working in a team was fun and supportive. ", "  \tPerformed in-depth financial, operational and commercial due diligence analyzing historical and projected financials, credit risk, investment merits, competition, industry dynamics, buyers/suppliers review and regulatory environment. Prepared and presented to management  \tThoroughly analyzed financials of potential acquisition targets, built financial models and evaluated various capital structures to reduce beta &amp; unsystematic risk while adding alpha  \tPerformed valuations using DCF, precedent transactions and company comparables  \tSupervised and concurrently managed three analysts on various projects and transaction  \tKey assignments included due diligence of Dubai Contracting Company for acquisition,  financial model &amp; business valuation for Al Madina Cement Company for capital raising purposes and financial and commercial due diligence of Oman National Transport Company to evaluate strategic options for restructuring ", " One of the most important companies in the world where I have the opportunity to work. I learnt how to work in busy seasons and achieve the deadlines. ", " Everyday was a beginning of something new and you'd learn something new all the time. So going to work was fun and everyone in the engagement team was fun to be around, and also taught me so many things. It was a real pleasure to get an insight of what corporate life is all about. ", " Job work (3), salary (3), job security (3), management (3), job culture (4). Overall rating (3).  Good environment, the best thing is people you work with. ", " This is a great company and the people are high achievers. It is a fast paced environment which makes everyday different. ", " anybody can said that this company is excellent in every way, the infrastructure, the culture, the policies, procedures, very formal, very oriented to develop professional grown ", " Will give you a load of experience in short period of time, but no work life balance  Travel in the advisory practice is 100%  Typical work week is 80 hours ", " Project work Based on client site Client centric mindset Professional Hard working Fun place Supportive co workers Great company values ", " EY is a good place to work and gain experience but they claim to have a good work/life balance and that is not true. Most jobs at EY expect you to work a lot of hours throughout the year and if you are not on the client serving side, you do not get the same career guidance and job growth. I find it hard to progress at a place like EY without having a CPA. The benefits and pay are good if you stay for a number of years and get great reviews. In the end, the amount of hours and workloads have no end in sight and employee appreciation is not as positive as in years' past. Most of the focus is on increasing revenues and gaining clients. There is not a lot of focus on their own people. ", " In the company, we do our jobs efficiently and try to help each others when someone makes mistakes. The teamwork is very important in EY, from the partner to the junior, everybody has the same goal. ", " A typical day is working through different engagments in the same day. Being multitask and proactive is a must. I learned how to map the local account of the entities to the Lux GAAP. I learned how to prepare and review a financial statment,checking the internal consistency and the casting and footing. The hardest part of the job is the conversion of Lux GAAP to the IFRS. ", " poor work life balance , discrimination based on nationality and age. Long hours and no over time paid. Good learning opportunities and exposure to various geographical markets across MENA. ", " Being part of a Big Four was my first experience after I graduated, as I wasn't working in the field I studied, I didn't stay long but I definitely learned a lot about the respect of the policies, working hard and late sometimes, be there for colleagues, also always keep my brain trained. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " A result and performance oriented professional with 8+ years of diverse experience in customer/client facing roles. Excellent presentation and communication skills.Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with a go-getter attitude ", " - Everyday I learn something new, but you have to work lots of hours. - Very rewording and the work environment is great. - Ability to work in team &amp; individual with high attention to detail. ", " Working as a Senior Auditor has been a great experience. My day at work involves examining and analyzing journal and ledger entries, inventories, assets and liabilities. Prepare detail report on audit findings and make recommendations to improve established accounting and management practices. Supervise and train/educate articulating students and other staff auditors. ", " Ernst &amp; Young Law LLP has a great work life balance that allows anyone to meet commitments outside of work hours, if need be. ", " As an auditor I had the responsibility of performing different audit procedures in a very short time due to the delivery date signed with the client. This meant that me and my team had to make lots of sacrifices, stay long work hours at the office just to finish our duties so that the financial statements could be signed. With this experience I had the chance to be more efficient with my time, to be patient with the job and my co workers and to accept that to be able to be at the top I had to start from the bottom. ", " Great place to start a career.  Definitely has propelled my career.  Would recommend any college student to start in public accounting. ", " It\u00b4s a company where you can learn a lot and you must be very competitive to work there. A multinational company, in brazil with about 2,000 employers. ", " This was my first job out of college.  Was a wonderful experience.  As time when on, found the work/life balance to be challenging. ", " learn different things and you acquire experience in your respective field , the hardest part of the job is the long hours, there is no work life balance .  Diversity, meeting different people form different backgrounds and expanding on expertise ", " EY is one of the big four audit firms. I was in the branch of audit. We provide audit service to public and non-public companies. EY is professional. In addition, It concentrates a lot in people of the firm. I feel so happy in the firm. ", " -Great company -Employees are treated respectfully  -I learned how to be professional in an office atmosphere  -Coworkers were friendly and helpful ", " Although I had sufficient support at the partner level, the marketplace may not support the firm's vision.  Overall, I had a positive experience with the firm, supporting clients, driving revenue, and providing technology service delivery. ", " I feel like my experience here has been invaluable; every day it seems like I learn something new. The hardest part is definitely the hours, which shouldn't be a surprise to anyone. I enjoy the responsibility given from day #1, as well as the ability to interact with my team and client on a daily basis. ", " EY is a great organisation to work with multiple options to grow and explore and is a great place for women employees to work. ", " Great office and everyone works as a team. Management is very considerate and caring of employees. Offers excellent work/life balance and competitive salaries. ", " The company culture is Great, the work environment Is Ideal &amp; Professional, the only drawback is the Seasonal Nature of some jobs , BUT in spite of this it rates as my all time Favourite Job. ", " The Firm is indeed a very good training ground for fresh grads. A lot of experiences and opportunities are offered by the Firm to employees. It shaped us into a well-rounded professional and individual as well. Despite the pressure and competitive working environment, I still enjoyed working with my colleagues. By sharing same ob experiences, we were united to work as one. ", " The learning curve is huge. You are expected to perform at a senior level within your first year. Financial services office opens many opportunities in the finance industry. ", " AT EY, our motto is building a better working world. We are dedicated at doing things excellently. Learning and improvement is a must, not an option. I love it because it gives you an opportunity to grow and develop new skills. ", " Great people to work with. Amazing culture. I just hope management would be straight forward with leadership prospect "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Enjoy working at E&amp;Y, Seniors are very helpful and its a place to learn and grow I work at EY as a senior, however for some of my clients I am currently a tax acting manager. There is an odd work life balance of working 80-90 hour work weeks during busy seasons and leaving at 5pm everyday during non-busy seasons. The most enjoyable part of my job here is the coaching you receive from various senior managers that know tax backwards and forwards. ", " Ernst and Young is a great employer. There is immense learning potential for anyone who wants to join this firm.  Ernst and young grooms you  as a strong professional. ", " EY very flexible after you've worked there for 1 year. It's really nice to be able to work from home. Also nice that you can transfer anywhere within the company. ", " A case was in play when i interned hence the routine was pretty hectic and there were long hours. Overall the team was very helpful and was a great experience. ", " Great place to work, smart people.  But long hours and lots of travel.   If you end up with good clients, and minimal travel, it's awesome. ", " As an intern, barely got any work to do. Had very flexible hours on the job. Enjoyed working with my manager and my team they always made sure I was learning something everyday even if that meant shadowing them. ", " A typical work day at EY is okay gets hectic at times but its alright. The management is good and its a pleasure working under them. My colleagues are the best and we work together as a team. Hardest part about my job was starting to manage the twitter profile of one of the partners and Senior manager of EY. What i enjoy most about my job is having to work on partner events and having to prepare gift for them. ", " worked on mostly technology related project, got a great mentor and help. great flexibility in terms of work and life balance. ", " Being a Big four firm, and market leader provides you the best learning opportunities and professional people to work with. ", " Big firm focused on accounting related services. Learn valuable experience that transfers well into the marketplace. Opportunities to be involved in many tasks and learn a wide range of skills. ", " I work at EY as a senior, however for some of my clients I am currently a tax acting manager. There is an odd work life balance of working 80-90 hour work weeks during busy seasons and leaving at 5pm everyday during non-busy seasons. The most enjoyable part of my job here is the coaching you receive from various senior managers that know tax backwards and forwards. ", " Typical day at work - until very late night There is a lot to learn - But that comes with the stress of not having weekends or personal life. Management - Hit and miss, some departments might have reasonable managers others have it really bad Co-workers - Most co-workers were nice since we spent that much time in office together. Still, some were eager to step on bodies to move up. ", " It was very busy and I did not have time for myself, which is exactly what I'm looking for. If you are looking for good experience then EY is your place. ", " Its a huge company with many expectations of career evolution but, the salary is not worth it.  The learning is massive and fast but you will be working long hours, which wasn't a problem to me. ", " so I never spent any great amount of time at the corporate offices.  This makes it very difficult to make any good contacts on a corporate level, although UTC did provide me with that.  I learned to deal with various state agencies as this was part of my duties.  My co-workers were very friendly and created an environment where good work was praised. ", " The Advisory arm of EY provides its employees with great opportunities across multiple industries. The teams consist of very competent employees with great personalities who are vested in the development of junior members. ", " A very nice place to start your career and lots of learning opportunities by interacting with different clients and teams. ", " Great firm as a new graduate and CPA candidate. Great people and culture. Learn a lot here and everyone was willing to help you. ", " Typical day at work would be answering warm transferred calls from level 1, assisting employees either office based or remotely, but logging onto the laptops or talking them over the phone with step by step solutions in solving their IT issues. ", " My typical day at work is busy and engaging, I start with a to do list which I make sure I achive like 75% daily, I learnt not to procrastinate, I try to support my fellow workers and I do not hesitate to ask for help when needed. The hardest part of my Job is to deal with pressure from clients three of four at the same time, I enjoy my job because I meet a lot of people. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " There is no better school in this world than a Big4. Being exposed to so many industries and processes, you learn at the speed of light. No other workplace can claim to do that. They invest in you and your training a lot. However, compensation and benefits to not keep up with the learning and experience curves. ", " Chilled and nice place to work, in corporate environment. Company is focused on diversity and different industry sections. ", " I recommend this company if you are looking for a challenge and willing to learn in a fast pace work environment.  Long hours and a lot of travel.  This is due to the nature of the client base and location. ", " Greatest Achievements High Adaptability : The greatest achievement is to be able to indulge and accept new assignment and culture more quickly. Personal Grooming: Another accomplishment was understanding the nature of humans and overcoming persecution with a positive attitude. Convincing ability: Getting thinks done using friendly environment and Constructive arguments. Leadership Skills : I have lead the team of 3 individuals in a friendly manner. ACCA Qualification Financial Accounting : I was involved in many assignments where we ensured compliance with international and local standards. Management Accounting : Management Reports were also part of scope in many assignment which were checked for availability, completeness and accuracy. high Command over Excel : There were assignments where commendable grip over the excel workings were needed that developed passion of using Excel. Internal Auditing : I worked for 4 years under this role and obtained command over risk management and process improvement mechanism. ", " This place is definitely a great place for an accountant to gain knowledge and experience. A lot of exposure in different environments and dealing with different kind of clients. One of the best firm with amazing circle of people. Tones of activities throughout the year for everyone to participate.  For those hunger for challenging tasks, this place is definitely for you! ", " Excellent organization to gain experience across various clients. It allows for opportunities to to learn new skills and meet lots of people. ", " Great company. Very little work/life balance (8am-7pm), no company culture. The tasks are stimulating and challenging but the environment is far from ideal. ", " Challenging consulting environment and get to solve new problems every day. Always an opportunity to do something new provide value and move up the chain. ", " EY is a great place for learning as you will get the exposure to different clients and able to see different side of the accounting be it AP, AR, GL, Conso and others. ", " If you love accounting, this is the place for you. It is a great place to start your career and continue advancing in the accounting field specializing in large corporations. You will be preparing tax returns and income tax provisions for large corporations under the management of your colleagues. It is a pyramid based structure. In essence, you will advance every year unless you dont try. ", " EY put a lot efforts to give its employee a better working place. Work load is not that high, unless you push yourself. People are nice and easy to get along with. ", " You work under pressure but you learn a lot from engagements and your peers and supervisors. can be stressful at busy seasons. ", " Pros Great culture. People are amazing. Cons Work/life balance is lacking in some cases Advice to Management Empower employees to further improve processes. Remove internal company politics. ", " I would like to say that time spent in Dubai Ernst and Young (\"EY\") office was incredible. EY Dubai is really multinational and multicultural company, where everyone respect each other. The most enjoyable part of my work is that I had an opportunity to work with different nationality people from various countries. They used to share with me a lot of interesting facts and stories about their countries.  The management of the company is very loyal and  every time eager to help you in each and every tough situations. ", " It\u00b4s a company where you can learn a lot and you must be very competitive to work there. A multinational company, in brazil with about 2,000 employers. ", " Extremely demanding but rewarding envoronment. The Company is part of top 100 best companies to work for.One of the Big 4 Accounting firms. ", " At EY, the best aspects, in my opinion, were the opportunities to learn technical skills quickly, have training in many areas, to learn to develop a management style quickly and the networking opportunities.  In addition, the individuals at EY are overall very talented and dynamic individuals.  The worst aspects, in my opinion, were the many stressful situations, the long hours, the unpredictability of one's day and fear of a poor review despite the efforts put forth.   Despite any negative aspects, I know I have grown from this opportunity and that the relationships I made at EY are everlasting.  Therefore, I recommend the experience. ", " Improved my skills and expanded my experience with the overwhelming job duties and responsibilities.  Very unbalanced and unfair practices on the department level with limited opportunity for advancement due to favoritism and racial preferences from the dept management and leadership \"team.\" ", " I work at EY as a senior, however for some of my clients I am currently a tax acting manager. There is an odd work life balance of working 80-90 hour work weeks during busy seasons and leaving at 5pm everyday during non-busy seasons. The most enjoyable part of my job here is the coaching you receive from various senior managers that know tax backwards and forwards. ", " EY provided me a friendly and informative environment. Everyone was very cooperative. For a fresher, they were very understanding and enabled me to learn on the job. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " I gained my first professional experience at Ernst &amp; Young, a worldwide known multinational professional services firm. Being a transfer pricing analyst was a great learning experience, which helped me to develop my teamwork skills and my capacity to delegate functions. I learnt to delegate better by choosing the team I wanted to work with, based on their strengths and the tasks I needed them to perform. I also learnt to organize myself better and developed the ability to focus in many different clients, always being able to help my team when they needed me but never leaving my duties aside. Now I can say that I successfully learnt how to deal with a team under stress, and as a result I never missed a deadline. ", " Great place to work and grow. As in any other place, one needs observe their progress and make necessary changes. Great culture. ", " I worked here as a clerk for a year. It was the most hostile work environment I have ever worked in. The management team consisted of 5 lawyers and 4 managers, all of whom were female. It was difficult to work under 9 female managers, especially when there was clear animosity between said management. Staff were treated like minions, working overtime consistently and being scrutinized when overtime was submitted to management for review. But not working overtime resulted in management considering you to be a poor, lazy worker. The people who thrive in this environment are people who do not care for a work/life balance, have little regard for other human beings, and have robotic like tendencies. Not a fit for you if you are mostly human and care to have a social life.    Most clerks I worked with complained of anxiety, stress, and even depression on a consistent basis.   Toxic horrible place to work. ", " I had the privilege to work with individuals who were knowledgeable in their fields of expertise,  displayed compassion, professionalism and was always willing to help. ", " Great Growth prospect, young people, lots of learning opportunities, Valuation department is fun, diverse people, excellent coworkers and great bosses. ", " Good work environment, good culture. Lack of interpersonal relationships with clients though. Would recommend for a entry level position ", " Core business services you will find people who are either passionate about their job and jump different levels wherever the door opens or those who are comfortable in their job. It is not the 'up or out' motto that you see from the client serving side. Diversity &amp; Inclusiveness is very strong at EY yet in some groups it is lacking in the 'people first' environment. Too many priorities at task and some upper management is becoming 'JP Morgan' with uncertainty which IT group is going to Alpharetta.   EY has great benefits and is focused in helping employees developing their career through training. The offices are moving to become more agile which has it's plus and minuses.   All around it truly is a great company but should reinvest in the IT infrastructure to attract the millennials and retain talent. When you know the right people, they will be your sponsor in bettering your career and helping their own career. ", " I don't have much to say about this position, but I moved on to bigger and better things.  I also can't speak about the entire firm, but my office which was an island unto itself. ", " At any client service firm, you essentially have no personal life as was the case with EY. It's a great firm with great compensation opportunities and learning opportunities, but if your priority isn't to advance in your career, then I would not recommend working here. ", " EY was a fun workplace, It has a staff compliment of people that are roughly the same age hence it covers the social aspect of life well. There is also a high work ethic in the office. ", " It was a very rewarding experience since I was able to work with great professionals all around the company. This internship allowed me to obtain numerous technical skills as well as develop a strong network. Overall it was a positive experience that allowed me to grow both professionally and personally. ", " Due to signing official secrets act I am not able to write a review for this company. I left in 1999 so therefore I am not able to give an up to date review even if I could remember. ", " You get more experience than you would working in easy 9-5 jobs but it comes at the cost of long work hours, working over weekends and even holidays.   Pay is not competitive in Finance roles when compared to other companies. But working for here is comparable to going to a prestigious school, once you're done with it you'll have a really big name to back you up.  There is a focus on work-life balance but it is all bluff and not real. If you work your 40 hours a week you're seen as lazy and same if you take advantage of working from home. The culture is work extended hours regardless if there isn't any work to get through.  Work politics are a big part of this firm, network yourself well and you'll move up quickly and you'll have a good time working. But do the opposite and you'll hate what you do. ", " EY provide a challenging environment that help to growth the professional career. Constantly providing milestones to keep each professional with the tools and knowledge required by the accounting profession. ", " I would like to say that time spent in Dubai Ernst and Young (\"EY\") office was incredible. EY Dubai is really multinational and multicultural company, where everyone respect each other. The most enjoyable part of my work is that I had an opportunity to work with different nationality people from various countries. They used to share with me a lot of interesting facts and stories about their countries.  The management of the company is very loyal and  every time eager to help you in each and every tough situations. ", " Great management able to work on your strengths and help you build your weakness.  Loved the corporate setting. I would recommend working for this company if offered a position. ", " Good experience within EY Transaction Advisory Services, learned a lot about M&amp;A integration and separation programs. ", " A good place to start your career Work and Life Balance pre senior years Strong presence in the Financial Services Industry ", " Your whole growth was dependent on how you please your boss rather than your competence. Salary was too low.  I worked as trainee and our peon was earning more than me. ", " Good brand, easily identifiable. Good reputation  Flexible working  Significant growth plans  Great clients  Difficult working structure "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Nature of work will hone one's skills and talents. Work includes training and development. An ideal place for professionals who desire for continuous professional progress. ", " My typical day at work is filled with making a things to list the day before, start with priorities and end with the less priority tasks. It also involves field work, like liaising with suppliers and banks. I supervise colleagues and make sure office operations are running smoothly. hardest part of the job is crisis management, handling last minute tasks that have immediate deadlines, really disorganize me. Even inconsistencies that come up during working hours like things that need urgent repairs sometimes suppliers don't keep their work and come in immediately.  The most enjoyable part is that amidst all the busy schedules, I have supportive friends ", " Ernst and Young is a Big 4 Accounting giant that teaches its new hires about business and how to survive in the dog-eat-dog world. Some of the reputation of Ernst and Young being a meat grinder for new hires (long hours, difficult deadlines) is warranted, but the groups I worked with in Seattle and Salt Lake were great teams who made the accounting routine fun. As a Manager in Salt Lake we would occasionally have late night dart tourneys where heckling and intimidation were undertaken to excess at times (I was a participant--not a leader in the insaneness). I always took pride in the work I performed at E&amp;Y in that we did quality work in a timely fashion. The clients paid top dollar for our work, but they appreciated the end product and rarely disputed the bills. ", " Typical day at work would be logging into computer/database and oversee all incoming requests by client servers. Process all incoming tax returns and ship out to IRS Agency.  I learned to manage my own projects. communication, work together as a team, make executive decisions and work under pressure.  Co-workers were amazing, very dependable and generous to work with, all had great positive attitude.  In essence the job itself was not hard, the only challenging thing was to make sure that all the work got done in a timely manner.  The most enjoyable part of my job would have been working with great co-workers. Good co-workers make it very comfortable to work with. ", " In the area that I worked in, I believe there wasn't enough ethnic and gender diversity in the most senior roles. As a racial minority, I didn't feel well represented and didn't have role models like myself to look up to who could help me see the possibilities in my own career development. A typical day at work involved working mainly at client premises. This was really nice as I got to meet and work with a lot of different people. I also really liked working in teams with different people on a daily basis. I made some good friends.  The hardest parts of the job were; &gt;sometimes had to deal with uncooperative clients. This wasn't always the case though, most were very helpful. &gt;sometimes had to deal with overly ambitious team members within the audit team, especially when approaching annual performance appraisals. ", " A typical day involves assisting with corporate tax compliance for both domestic and foreign entities, individual returns, trust and estates. Drafting responses to notices. I also assist with quarterly analysis of tax Provision. I prepare weekly analysis of budget to actual of every engagement that I work on. One great thing about my job is that I learn something new every day. I learn to manage people above and below me. The hardest part of my job is managing people in different engagements simultaneously. The most enjoyable part of my job is the opportunity to work with a group of intelligent people with different backgrounds and from different cultures. ", " Its the best way to keep up to date with all accounting and auditing practices. Learning and building a network is the key benefit anyone would gain working in EY.  A diverse culture to work in is a really good way to coexist in a business of any kind. Further the hardcore training obtained is a life time experience and also is true to the last dot( no pain , no gain),however the environment is such that though its tough the help and support you obtain from your seniors is splendid. This makes work fun and also lacks boredom and I assure you no one is going to have ennui here.  Lastly its a great place to work ", " You can learn a lot through the flat structure and go through almost all the products:Forex, futures, Options, bonds,and company valuation for PE/VC purpose. ", " IT Department is horrible, no job security, too much red tape to get anything done, no rewards.  Upper management never has your back, people fired if business complains and the business is always complaining.  IT has gone through a lot of changes in last few years which have not worked out and most jobs are going abroad and to Atlanta so morale is extremely low.  No-one likes working there, both employees and consultants as they are always trying to get rid of you or make your life miserable.  EY somehow wins awards for a great place to work but that apparently only applies to the service lines (accounting, audit, etc).  Core services like IT are seen as big cost centers and treated poorly. ", " Busy season is very hectic but after that is a good time to take breaks like vacation which is not difficult to be approved. Management are concerned about your thoughts about your job, and provides feedback. Training is provided when requested which is very good. Although some of my peers are judgmental, most people that worked here behaved professionally. Good sick and vacation time package and also good pay. I will recommend this place as one of the best place to work for. ", " While working at EY, I learned much about my skill sets, attributes and how far my dedication work principles and teamwork were strengths of mine. On a day to day basis, I maintained heavy client contact, and developed my time management skills after being placed on an 'At-Risk' client to secure their account to upcoming renewal. The hardest part of my job was doubting myself and potential when dealing with state regulations, DOL policies; however, through collaboration with leadership, I was able to make decisions on my own and handle the client relationship without direct supervision.  The most enjoyable part of my position at EY was the relationship that I developed with many of my corporate clients and their local and regional leaders. I was education on the Human Resource policy wiring and review which I found satisfaction in due to my passion for learning and improvement. ", " The job was always challenging and productive. The employees from managers to partners were all great people to work with day to day. Even though I had to commute to different offices, it was always great working for this company until they also did their restructuring. ", " poor work life balance , discrimination based on nationality and age. Long hours and no over time paid. Good learning opportunities and exposure to various geographical markets across MENA. ", " The most enjoyable part of the job is you can independently lead a complicated project from head to toe with a pleasant and supportive team. The team was brainstorming together and worked so hard and brought the most valuable deliverables to clients with great satisfactions. ", " Constantly surrounded by smart hard working people. Typical day varies depending on the client. The office often goes to happy hour after work. ", " I would start my day with going through my emails and telephone messages, prioritizing them in order of urgency. My day was varied and very busy which was great, I would do the incoming and outgoing mail, arrange meetings and meeting rooms, as well as making sure all hospitality was well prepared, I managed the reception and also covered when it was required, along with filing and organizing mine and my managers office area, Id do a stationary stock check and id distribute this to the designated areas, also ensure all IT equipment was ordered and delivered to the right person.  My manager and I had very similar work ethics so we worked very smoothly together and because of this we were able to become a very strong well organized team. this in turn made every day an enjoyable day for me, it wasn't like being at work as i enjoyed my role so much.   The hardest part of my job was choosing to leave to raise my family as I loved my job. ", " I currently work at Ernst &amp; Young, and have had a generally positive experience.  I'm assigned to one large engagement, and I've had to work on a variety of different projects related to this client.  It's been hard work, and it's often been challenging, but I enjoy the opportunity. Others around me are hard working and smart.  Management is generally strong and attune to new trends. I feel that the firm and the department are doing the right things.  It's been great to have been part of such an organization.   The hardest part of my job is dealing with abrupt deadlines, and finding that a core competency can often pin you in a certain role.  The most enjoyable part of my job is working with international teams. ", " The environment is trying hard to change and promoting diversity and opportunities for women but the actual experience is not really there yet. The culture finds it hard to truly accept diversity of thought and approach. ", " There's no denying E&amp;Y's impact on your resume. If you can handle the long hours and (generally) extremely boring and tedious work, you can make a great career for yourself or, at a minimum, add a strong bullet to your resume.  Work hours can be long but the firm can also be very flexible when you need time off or have personal needs to work out. The work is often extremely repetative at the lower levels and the job becomes more of a sales position as you increase in rank. Pay is average (although EY likes to make you think otherwise).  Great place to start your career and as long as you can handle traveling and the stress of not knowing where you'll physically be from week to week, you'll be glad you did. Definitely not for me, but there are plenty of people who would be a great fit here. ", " At Ernst &amp; Young the work environment is very competitive and it is  an excellent workplace to improve the capabilities in the advisory practice. I had the chance to learn about the definition of the operational model of leasing companies and the management of information flows. Additionally, I learnt how to deal and work with a different context as Latin America. In this task, I have to recognize that both colleagues and management were really helpful throughout all the process.  What I like the most was the possibility of tackle problems  with different clients, each one with a different scenario. The typical day at work is very related to the client and to the project managed. The constant contact with the client is the key to understand and to deliver solutions the client is looking for. Once found it and defined, working to implement this solution is the best part of the job. On the other hand, sometimes is hard to find the right balance between work and private life. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " - A typical day at work mainly comprised of communication / meetings with the client, coaching and reviewing the work of subordinates , executing the audit documentation - During my tenure, I have learned among other things, client management, understanding of UK &amp; Irish GAAP/ IFRS, shared service audits work, correspondence with EY Local teams in different countries and managing everyone (Partner, client, audit, managers, assistants) - ", " Great place to work. The flexible hours and ability to work from home made a big difference, especially as I was working with people from around the world and needed to work out of normal hours at times. The staff and management are dedicated people, a pleasure to work with and for. I enjoyed this experience. ", " Great opportunities for development and working with professionals are provided. We work according to strict deadlines, and manage engagements parallelly, this way in most of the cases work and life are not in balance. There is a continuous communication with Clients. ", " First Job and started from the bottom and worked my way up.  Excellent co-workers and boss who always challenged me and never  doubted my ability. ", " My final grading \"***\" is simply not to affect the good professionals working in the organisation. My grading would have been a \"**\"  My experience in this company, over the ten years, varies from working with a highly executive team in the ITS department, to a painful experience at the Global Delivery Network. ITS, International Tax Services, Transfer Pricing, had good executive management and highly trained and skillful managers, where workload was huge in terms of administrative tasks, but where enthusiasm and leadership encouraged a large team of professionals to do their best and developed a high-performance team.  The salaries at the company are significantly lower than for similar positions in other companies, some times much much lower, setting their trained bilingual employees salaries at the same level as surveillance guards or cleaning personnel, etc.  The administrative functions for the company as a whole (HHRR, GENERAL SERVICES, others) lack good professional organisation and standards. Ranks and salaries are managed discretionally, at least for the administrative functions and separately from each other. A rank does not imply a salary or salary range..., they express. A non-bilingual and unskilled clerk might have a much higher salary than other qualified and bilingual employees with good performance.  The performance appraisal system for administrative assistants is unprofessional and twisted according to political needs/binds, personal preferences, and no objective parameters (quantifiable) are measured or pondered to reach a final grade. Resort to intangibles ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> is always the \"tricky\" variable for voluntary reinterpretation of facts for the sake of political convenience.  The Leadership for the Global Delivery Network in Argentina differs substantially from the global executive leadership I came across in serious companies such as Schlumberger and Executive Directors  would account for average low rank junior managers in some cases, if not undeserving of the latter as well.  Employees work way beyond regular work schedules, including Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays and workweeks overnight continuously for a month, for example, for a certain due date, even though this was not my case. ", " working with Big four company needs a lot of efforts which may isolate you from you culture and life. politics played around dome of director are not following structure ", " Intense hard working environment, open teams. Working for the company is fine, but generally depends on the particular BU ", " Great work culture and strongly bonded Global teams and great place for recent graduates looking for a great career. The teams a really friendly and has an open door policy where a staff assistant can go and talk to the partner. ", " The workers are mostly in their twenties or thirties. The environment is laid back, but it's still very serious and productive at the same time. ", " Great people, lots to learn Great learning environment for those pursuing CPA designation, excellent educational program to prepare for Common Final Evaluation (CFE) Lacks work life balance ", " Supporting multiple executives, all levels, with different personalities has kept me on my toes and learning something new and amazing everyday!  Flexible environment, supportive management and amazing teaming. ", " As the slogan for EY is \" A building a better working world\" . I have grown immensely professionally and individual at EY.  Team work is crucial at EY .I have enjoyed the most part of it . ", " Great place to work.  Repetitive work but good learning experience.  Free lunch from time to time, free coffee, bagel Thursdays. ", " The job work / life balance is really nice.  Management is very supportive of that.  Makes a difference especially when you have children. ", " Working for a Big 4 company provides opportunities to manage large projects, teams from start to finish. My experience with EY has been extremely beneficial from a project management, coaching and overall engagement management perspective. Areas for improvement for EY would be Company culture and the management teams ability to manage their employees. ", " This company boasts about Work Life balance and valuing it's employees but if you are in a support staff position such as an Executive Assistant, you are not given any flexibility in schedule, are given overwhelming amounts of work and expected to perform miracles.  And if you do manage to get your work load done, you are not rewarded for it and it is almost impossible to get a promotion or raise unless you are the manage'r pet.  Supervisor of the staff is never around and has no idea what the team does everyday.  Partners are condescending and show no appreciation whatsoever.  Worst experience of my life. ", " EY had a strong corporate culture with mentor programs, strong CPE training programs, and opportunities to advance. As a proposal manager I had a large amount of autonomy for accomplishing my objectives. I had a sponsor/ mentor to help me get promoted and become the proposal manager lead for the Mid-Atlantic. ", " EY starting salary for 2016 intake is \u00a327,000 for London office. Lower than the other Big Four, but definitely a progressive learning environment and excellent advancement opportunities. ", " Very strong, reputable firm which is a leader in innovation, diversity inclusiveness and client service delivery.  Teaming culture. Simply a great firm to learn and grow. ", " EY as a whole is a great company. However, the Financial Services group (FSO) part of EY is a poor group to work in. Bad management. Horrible working hours for 9 months of the year (65-75 hours in office constantly and weekends mandatory) but great working hours the remaining three months. High level of recent turnover. Lost the majority of high level performers due to insufficient pay to hours ratio.  The job: This is a tax job focused primarily on serving asset management clients in private equity and hedge funds. You will create workbooks and ultimately tax returns. Consider whether you enjoy and want to do tax for life. Skills are not very transferable to other organizations and even tax knowledge is very niche to the industry. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Entering the company as a manager is tough, because they want you to do everything on your own. The problem, I came for EPC which was much different then consulting. They want everything fast. In EPC, everything takes time. ", " I have learned to work when under pressure which I personally feel is a great achievement especially when meeting deadlines is a crucial part of our job . The appreciation after is indeed a great motivation . Of-course the management is always ready to help and guides us immensely . ", " A good place to work, learn and define values, accompanied casuistry important infrastructure and also a good corporate image with good human material ", " Its a good place to start your career.    You learn a lot and at the learning happens at a good pace.   There are more than enough opportunities to travel as well. ", " I became a very competent business and systems analyst.  I received ample opportunity to lead the design and development of a number of systems ", " ensuring that you apply the forensic methodology, ensuring that the deliverables meet the required standards, ensuring that there was teaming, traveling was part of my daily routine. nothing was routine any time of the day something else will come up which was different then the previous day and the task, growth was there however very much limited ", " A day with EY could be worth more than a week at university, the level of learning is high and one gets to learn about different subject, unlike university when have enrolled for a law degree your learning will be curtailed to law. I have been expose to information I could have not imagined of, from project management tool, policy drafting, research techniques and tools, benchmarking, etc. The stuff collectively work together to achieve their mission \"build a better working world\". Everyday is fruitful and the support you get from co-workers is enough to help you motivate yourself to believe in yourself in every task they give you. ", " Professional environment. Balanced growth. Competitive salaries. Excellent management. Diversified staff and skill set. Presences worldwide. Worldwide recognition. ", " Worked there for more than 2 years. Full of young people. Everyone push themselves to work towards being the best. Very easy atmosphere. ", " Worked there for more than 2 years. Full of young people, very easy atmosphere. Everyone push them selves to work towards the best. ", " Very concerned about employee welfare. Long hours . Low pay. Schedules change a lot. Management is not always available. ", " Perhaps a better place for early career individuals who are willing and able to make work their first priority. I met a lot of smart and really good people at EY, but also came to feel pigeon-holed into a job that was clearly not going anywhere and I felt my significant efforts to expand into new opportunity areas was never seriously considered despite the fact that I invested financially and time wise personally in formal education to have applicable skills along with my very significant experience. Culture at this firm was special but seems to me to have been damaged as more people were brought in at senior level who did not really value the importance of culture. ", " EY is a great place to work and learn. It has great culture and great people to work with. Management is polite and always ready to hear how their teams are doing and what can be done to make them grow in their career. ", " Absolutely fun place to work with teaming as one of EYs greatest strengths. Training is always available to staff who would like to further their career. Management at EY are fair and always available and practice an open door policy. Partners and co-workers strive to put their best foot forward to proceed in building a better relationship. The hardest and most enjoyable part of my job is achieved by dealing with whatever comes my way and making the most of it. ", " I reported to a director that clearly didn't value, respect or even like women. The women in the group were tolerated as long as we didn't offer any opinions or participate in any way.   Our director was blatant about offering any and all 'perks' (tickets to football games, etc) that were given to him by suppliers to all the men in the group. The women were never included.   It was a horrible atmosphere. ", " - Dynamic workplace with very nice and considerate people - People culture - Employee views, preferences, interests and career goal matters. Very supportive management - Good compensation as compared to market rates for the same position - Great learning and growth opportunities - ", " Totally career motive firm. really enjoyable work here. mentors are really good and supportive. lots of travel involved within country and out of country ", " I enjoy the most when during the fraud investigation, we make discrete physical visits to the culprits. Though, the intensity of the visits is intense ", " Overall, good impression. Reasonable salary, challenging tasks and friendly environment. The company provides interesting training to its employees on a regular basis. ", " Great place to be: culture and educational opportunities are second to none provided you have support from management "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Growth can translate into positives and negatives.  Postive are new end-to-end people/HR/talent capabilities. Negative: growing pains typical of a practice in transition ", " EY provides professional  and personal growth to all the employees combined with a good salary and benefits. The job culture is magnificent all the procedures and policies were created to benefit the employees and the organization as well. ", " An employer like EY needs no introduction. It has been one of the best learning experiences for me. My learning was not just limited to Accounting and Audit procedures but covered elements like \"how to successfully interact with the management and how to meet the deadlines with efficient planning and team work\". In a nutshell, it's been everything that a fresh accounting graduate would require to build a successful career in accountancy. ", " Great company to start at right after college, but there is no point in staying here long term if you actually want a life outside of work. The \"work life balance\" they preach is simply not there, plus this firm is probably the one out of the big 4 that pays the least - bonuses are miserable (even when you have a good rating or get promoted) and the benefits are worthless (the 401K matching is only 25% after a year of employment). ", " Totally career motive firm. really enjoyable work here. mentors are really good and supportive. lots of travel involved within country and out of country ", " EY is attempting to double the size of their firm, which brings with it a lot of opportunities.  However, there is a lot of risk for such growth and there were times where I had little to do because engagements were not being sold.  The culture is great and encourages creative thought and frequent interaction with leadership. ", " Ernst and Young was as fantastic company to work for with good hours and good management team . Projected myself in all areas of the business and continued good relationships with co workers. Being part of the EY culture was overwhelming. ", " EY is a family friendly company that pays attention to the needs and wants of its employees. EY has a deep commitment to diversity which is something I greatly appreciate. ", " EY has all benefits that a big four can offer. A good career plan and development, good people to work and opportunities to learn about various parts of an organization ", " EY was a great place to work for, I credit Ernst &amp; Young to showing me about what growth in the workplace means.  I went from working as the mail delivery guy, to becoming a hoteling coordinator, then a IT technician and lastly I trained the IT portion of EY's new hire on-boarding presentations.  Now that's growth! Management was always encouraging and pushed you to succeed.  My coworkers were the best, the looked out for my well being on and off the job. ", " Absolutely loved working for EY!  Worked with hundreds of clients and colleagues.  A very fast paced office environment with a strong structure and a great learning environment for the employee.  There was nothing hard about working with EY with the exception of continuing to keep up with the information to create a greater employee.  EY, continued to find ways to best serve their clients by ensuring their employees were on the cutting edge of technology as well as information.  They were people friendly and had an easy way to provide career paths for long term employees.    There were routines as well as new projects constantly causing great evolving of talent, skills and growth.  This is one of the greatest companies to be employed. ", " If you want to learn and grow as a professional, EY is the place you need to be at. You can get multiple opportunities to learn other workstreams ", " Being employed on this project has been an amazing professional and personal journey for me.  I have discovered how much I enjoy working with claims and that I would like to continue working in this field. It has taught our entire team how to be flexible and to adapt to an ever changing environment instantly. It has certainly made me more resilient and flexible.   It is unfortunate that this has been a temporary employment opportunity as I would love to stay on had it been a permanent employment opportunity. ", " They work you hard here but the experience cannot be beat.  Lots of companies look for big 4 accounting but expect to work 9-6 for 7 months of the year and 830am-11pm during busy season from January to May ", " Great start to a career in professional services, which will set you up nicely for a move into industry or continued career in professional services. With a big name comes big clients and that is where a fresh graduate from college should aspire to gain experience. Management up top is a hit or miss-- some are great at what they do and manage people very well; others are managers because of the guaranteed promotion track. ", " Working at Ernst and Young was an incredible honor and an awesome experience. I gained so many skills from this internship and got connected with many powerful people. But most of all, everybody made me feel like I was apart of the team ", " Ernst &amp; Young is one of the Big 4 Accounting firm. Getting inducted there and leaning was awesome. Working there helped me to enhance my skills and motivated me for future growth. ", " Great place to work, smart people.  But long hours and lots of travel.   If you end up with good clients, and minimal travel, it's awesome. ", " Overall working in EY was a privilege for me as I developed as a manager there. With the support of my Executive Director and Partner, I was able to polish my leadership skills.  Further, working in a relatively unstable economic environment makes one feel like driving on a tough road, which presents with learning opportunities which are rarely presented elsewhere. ", " Every day at EY come with new challenges and responsibilities. I have learned great interpersonal skills, high quality auditing and finance exposure. The management is very professional in EY People are like family in EY. Great people to work with. Long hours and meeting the client deadlines. Free lunches, international exposure and variety of challenges. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Has started as a Junior and left the company after 5 years as a Manager  Advantages The atmosphere is quite pleasant . The company invests heavily in employee training and gives great importance to the quality of consultants. The firm's human resources policy a lot of attention to developments and changing careers consultants.  Disadvantages The biggest drawbacks noticed the balance between working life and private life. On some missions , consultants have sometimes to work two or three weekends in a row and a with a huge number of hours . ", " EY had a challenging environment which is expected for a public practice firm.  However, it allowed me to learn fundamental financial skills that i use even today.  It was because of EY that I was able to become a professional accountant today. ", " I do not wish to provide a review of this company as it has been over 10 years since I've worked with the company.  I would recommend it to others who are applying for employment there. ", " EY is a great company to work for.  IT training is needed, but can be obtained in other methods.  Company is very large and loses focus with keeping things at such a high global level.  Needs to be local focused as well. ", " This is my first  ITjob at Ernst &amp; Young.  They make sure you feel welcome working there.  My boss was fantastic. I still think he was the best person to work for. ", " EY is a great place for a person work for. Management is open to new discussions and business approach. Values are taking deeply into consideration when discussing people development. ", " Great company and work environment. The staff was very friendly yet helpful. The Most enjoyable part of the job was working alongside colleagues and learning from them. ", " EY is a fast-paced environment that requires extensive networking skills and teaming.  I have worked with many diverse groups of individuals at senior levels of leadership within this firm. EY offers a very challenging environment because of the complexity of its professional service offerings.  The most enjoyable part of the job is that I have a lot of responsibility and make strategic decisions every day.  I enjoy supporting a sales-driven organization where I can see the impact of my efforts. ", " I learned a lot and met some very smart people. They have a strong client list and the projects were interesting. The atmosphere is corporate but collegial. ", " E&amp;Y is one of the biggest audit firms worldwide and possess a very wide network. During my short stay at EY, i have participated to some missions. ", " I have worked fot his company for 4 years and the thing I like the most is that it is never boring. You will always have something different to do there, always something new to learn, and the people you work with, they make the whole package a win-win situation.  Best place to work. ", " A great place to work and start your career! I've learned so much in my time there and have had multiple promotions.  Management has been very good to work for and very flexible. ", " I'm worked as Trainee Risk Adviser / Internal Auditor in EY Pakistan (MNC Big4 Audit &amp; Consultancy Firm). Following responsibilities were entrusted are follow. - Risk advisory &amp; Internal Audit Services - Special assignments for instances; Valuation services, Tax consultation, impact Assessment, Product/project costing, and due diligence assignment. ", " 1. If you love tech, this is a great place. No doubt you'll talk tech (mostly the MSFT stack) from enterprise to consumer - from PCs to phones to Xboxes - from datacenter to desktop. 2. What were GREAT benefits are now VERY GOOD (took a small step down) but still probably better than you'll find at 99% of large corporations. ", " This is a great place to work. I am only leaving because they do not have an office in my home town and I would like to be closer to my family. ", " A project based work environment with something to learn on each new assignment. The work takes an individual to different clients and new locations which was exciting both personally and professionally. ", " Incredible work culture, continuous learning, tremendous mentoring 360, people are through and through professional and always willing to engage and support. ", " Specific to assurance (audit) service line. Experience based on teaming. In some experience, work/life balance in non-existent and upper management is solely concerned with completing projects and not team satisfaction. Other situations allow for better work/life balance and great experiences. Very involved in the community and strive for excellence in the product of each audit. benefits are satisfactory but not the best. For the most part, unless one is a truly poor worker, thee is job security and promotion on the allotted timeline. ", " EY is a family friendly company that pays attention to the needs and wants of its employees. EY has a deep commitment to diversity which is something I greatly appreciate. ", " EY provides great opportunities to work across a variety of companies and industries; the client service offerings extend far beyond auditing, and provide staff with great chances to work on interesting challenges and projects. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Great place to work for working mothers. They are very open to flexible arrangements, working from home, etc. I would go back there again if another opportunity presented itself. ", " EY has all benefits that a big four can offer. A good career plan and development, good people to work and opportunities to learn about various parts of an organization ", " Working at EY is always a memorable experience. On the job learning and flexible working environment are the main reasons which induce me to work here. ", " EY strives to ensure the employee is happy which in turns displays a positive attitude towards your peers and clients for a productive environment. ", " Pros Great culture. People are amazing. Cons Work/life balance is lacking in some cases Advice to Management Empower employees to further improve processes. Remove internal company politics. ", " One of the big four companies and fun to work at this place. The excitement of Vision  2020 and a good place to grow and develop work skills ", " Overall a very good company.  Compensation is at market rate and people are great to work with.  You get a wide range of experience and is a collaborative environment.  International practice is dynamic and growing. ", " Overall great experience. Enjoyed my time at this company. Management was great to get along with and they supported each and every tam member ", " I worked between two sites and i absolutely loved it. My colleagues were like my family and i am still in touch with some of them till today. ", " OK experience Very hardworking, smart people. Consulting is fastest-growing part of the firm. Some opportunities for extensive travel, personal development. ", " I got tremendous learning experience and training.  Opportunity to attend overseas expo and exhibitions.  The global big pictures started emerging in the horizen which opened up many avenues. ", " EY is a dream work place for its employees.  The very powerful brand value of this global firm, and its values are a encouragement to staff.  It is a good place to build ones career and continue to enjoy the work, or move on with their careers. I enjoyed the work culture, and the opportunities that were given to me to learn and grow in the organisation. Nothing in particular that I didnt like or enjoy.  I have had my bad days, like in any organization. ", " Corporate culture is quite stressful with a focus on tasks completion versus relationship building. However, new hires usually experience steep learning curve until work stress pushes them out the door. ", " Absolutely loved working for EY!  Worked with hundreds of clients and colleagues.  A very fast paced office environment with a strong structure and a great learning environment for the employee.  There was nothing hard about working with EY with the exception of continuing to keep up with the information to create a greater employee.  EY, continued to find ways to best serve their clients by ensuring their employees were on the cutting edge of technology as well as information.  They were people friendly and had an easy way to provide career paths for long term employees.    There were routines as well as new projects constantly causing great evolving of talent, skills and growth.  This is one of the greatest companies to be employed. ", " EY is the perfect place to start your career right after graduating from university. Is a place where you have to know how to work with pressure while joggling several engagements at the same time. Maintaining a good and clear communication with team members and the client is a plus and the key to timely complete the engagement.   Even thou the job is time consuming you obtained a vast knowledge on many industries. ", " this is a great company to work for as long as you learn how to navigate through politics. the company has gone through several unsuccessful re-orgs in the past 2-3 years. each re-org impacts employees in a negative manner and makes you earn the trust of management all over again. however, if you manage to connect with the right partners who are top performers then your career is set. The firm has an aggressive growth model that is clearly impacting the staff. especially when it comes to acquisitions, the company is not mature enough to keeping the talent. they do a great job acquiring the company however, the on boarding of the new employees needs improvement. the culture appears to be solid but there are a lot of high ranking individuals that does not live by the culture it boasts. ", " I learned auditing skills, Management of work and people, understanding of working environment of different industries and how things run over there. ", " EY is one of the big 4 audit firms. Working in EY helped to keep me updated with the latest IFRS and accounting &amp; auditing issues.   The working environment is stressful, but you learn to manage your work and reduce stress at the end. ", " Phenomenal leadership, caring culture, great firm!  I would work at EY again because they value professional development and truly live by their core value integrity. ", " Excellent opportunities for training and advancement.  This company takes care of its employees,  A great benefit package is available. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is a pioneer and champion when it comes to corporate knowledge management, fostering a knowledge sharing culture and recruiting and grooming leading experts in the field of knowledge management. Company boasts among best experts in the field of KM, including internationally referenced authors and authorities in the field of KM. ", " A very nice place to start your career and lots of learning opportunities by interacting with different clients and teams. ", " Management has no time to properly train. Very client oriented, not employee oriented environment. ", " First thing that I noticed when I started working at E&amp;Y was the people in the company. All of them looks happy, even when they are with a lot of taks. That means the company is a good place to work.  I am looking altertives because I want to get international experience. ", " Positive:  young environment  Negative:  low salary compared to hours at work looong hours at work (no work/life balance) No job security Stress ", " One of our client was creating problems for us to complete work on time by not providing us the required information. I tried really hard but there was no response. Getting data from client could sometimes be the most important and the hardest part of an assignment.   This is where one of my senior stepped in and found out a solution to the situation which was to go visit the client at his premises and to this my management agreed.   Visiting the client not only resolved my problem but did also made me learn a lot about an industry that provides jet fuel to different airlines. This also made me understand the fact that it gets really difficult for a client to ignore your requirements when you are there at his premises. ", " The central HR for EY US, the SCC, does not allow for any upward movement or real job training. Being an entry level employee in this environment will not help to further any career but the benefits and pay are reasonable ", " A typical work day includes either going to client meetings, discussing strategies for documentation, documenting workpapers, testing client's design efficiency &amp; operating effectiveness, or conducting internal meetings.  I have improved my time management &amp; organization skills through this career as well have gained experience in client relationship building, client communication, and presentation skills. ", " -a lot of growth opportunities -good training ground -a lot of learning opportunities -hardest part is long hours especially the busy season -a lot of deadlines  overall, it is a good experience for 2 to 3 years, afterwhich i think it is better to change career or look for another job if you value work-life balance. ", " The work was varied and interesting.  The staff and management were supportive and fun to work with.  I was able to set up an autism support network to support staff and families who may have been affected by ASDs. ", " - typical day would start out with morning meetings, then clearing out all the remedy tickets from the que. Reaching out to clients with their issues with resolutions. - management - okay - co workers - great group and team players - hardest part - saying no - the most enjoyable - satifaction of completing projects, tickets, clients reviews on job done ", " Main responsibilities\uff1a  Assisting the audit team to carry out auditing work including meeting       clients, collecting bank statements; taking inventory count;   Verifying the information by liaising between the bank or third party and the clients;  Making independent visits to clients to collect information;  I learnt attention to detail; team work; time management and communication skills. ", " It is a great company to start your career. You will learn so many things differently depends on the project you're assigned to. Fun workplace since most of my coworkers are still around my age. Work-life balance could be a problem sometimes. But overall, it is definitely worth to try. ", " Some groups are great, others are not. Working for EY is not the same for everyone, not even close. If you work within Finance/Tax technology, you will have limited tools and resources available to you. If you are organized and believe in the appropriate use of Project Management/Agile principles then you should look elsewhere. EY is slowly getting there, SLOWLY.  By comparison, KPMG is significantly more organized and has a lot more on the ball in terms of how they utilized technology and develop their in house tax compliance applications. The thing that limits KPMG from being more of a leader within the industry is they are not known for having as strong of a tax practice as EY. If that was an even playing field, KPMG would have left EY in the dust a long time ago.  Also, just to clarify, I am not and have never been an employee of KPMG. ", " After I had my baby boy I was offered a redundant package and like a few of us that were offered this package and took It, I did take the package as well. EY is a great pace to be, they offer diversity and share culture. ", " I have learned to work when under pressure which I personally feel is a great achievement especially when meeting deadlines is a crucial part of our job . The appreciation after is indeed a great motivation . Of-course the management is always ready to help and guides us immensely . ", " I worked at EY full-time for 2 weeks Pros -Good expense policy (appropriate allowances for breakfast/dinner and you can keep all rewards points for airfare, lodging, rental cars, etc). -Culture is very people oriented. Flexibility and employee work/life balance is stressed greatly by management. EY stresses the importance of taking care of one another. Great maternity / parental leave policies and very flexible work arrangements are available when you need it. I often worked remote from my wife's apartment when we were long distance. -Work life balance is awesome (don't believe the rumors, if you're a smart person and you produce good work, EY will reward you with a generous work life balance). -Vacation policy! 21 days for managers plus 3 personal days and unlimited sick days. -Most teams will work from home on Fridays when traveling -EY has a program where you can decide not to accept a blackberry and instead have EY pay your personal cell bill (up to $150 / month for managers). -Events thrown by EY are larger than life (especially the events when you're promoted to Manager, Sr Manager, or Partner). They are truly amazing experiences. -Opportunity to see many different companies across a broad range of industries -Lots of professional development opportunities -High potential for advancement. You do not have to wait for a spot to \"open up\" to get promoted. -HR is wonderful -EY really tries to take care of employees at an individual level. If you're unhappy, you can actually talk to HR and they'll work with you to find a part of the company where you fit.    Cons Excessive ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> travel, client demands, politics and time away from family can make work life balance difficult to obtain.    Advice to Management I know the staffing system is currently being worked on, but any improvement in matching relevant experience and interests with client work would greatly improve morale and help employee retention. Nobody wants to be assigned to an engagement with virtually no useful experience. This creates months of feeling inadequate, frustrated, and eventually, apathetic. Employee apathy is the ultimate business killer. Also, 90% travel is very tough after a few years. All consulting firms struggle with this, but anything management can do, policy wise, to lessen the burden would help set EY's consulting apart from a potential employee point of view. ", " Hectic work routine... if you want to achieve deadlines Learn alot... interaction with new people.. tricky application of accounting and IFRS At the same time you have to manage people and report your superiors so they can manage you Hardest part is you have to work 15 to 17 hours a day Sense of achievement is worthwhile after this ", " My typical working day started at 7.45 a.m. when I arrived for work.  Early arrival enabled me to plan my working day and get a head start in a highly stimulating and positively competitive environment such as an Ernst and Young project.  Technically, I gained significant experience in relation to regulatory conduct risk and project quality management.  The senior management team was dedicated and serious, but fair and caring. Generally, team members were supportive, friendly and knowledgeable.    Although the work was quite challenging in terms of the performance targets, I was prepared for it through the interview process and the intensive training programme.  Overall, I improved my regulatory compliance capabilities and discipline of the project further reinforced the importance of constantly aiming for high quality and work efficiency.   I thoroughly enjoyed the regular team meetings and experience sharing sessions as this provided an opportunity to learn and assist team members in equal measure.  Personally, I was thrilled to take on the additional responsibility of running some of the brain storming sessions. ", " As an auditor in financial services in the first 2 years, you leqrn how to be rigorous, work under a defined methodology under pressure. During those years, you build your own brand, set your limits and grow. Then, you are promoted every year based on good or excellent ratings from the different feedbacks you had throughout the year. From the second year your responsibilities expand to supervision, review of audit work, communication to the top management and to the partner. From the third year, you are responsible of a team and a portfolio. Typically, during my third year, I was in charge of planning the audit procedures in terms of strategy (time, scope and nature) and give guidelines to the team. I was also asked about technical questions by the partner who considered that at that level I was able to know the big picture while considering the details. A typical day was : Arrange meeting with the client and the team, set up team member on each of their task, organize status meeting to ensure that the team has no blocking points and report to the partner any issue. The most enjoyable part of the job is the interaction with the client and the steep learning curve.You get to learn and improve very fast in a variety of areas : Accounting, Finance, Tax and IT.  Today, as a manager, I more involved in internal development (business development, recruitment and training). "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " - Hectic schedules - Meeting tough deadlines - Managing the team and managers and partners at the same time - Free environment and flexibility to work - Great platform to showcase your skills ", " Typical day required working with a team and documenting audit evidences. Some travel required but also the flexibility to work at home. ", " EY provide a challenging environment that help to growth the professional career. Constantly providing milestones to keep each professional with the tools and knowledge required by the accounting profession. ", " Great place to work and grow. As in any other place, one needs observe their progress and make necessary changes. Great culture. ", " Great place to work. The flexible hours and ability to work from home made a big difference, especially as I was working with people from around the world and needed to work out of normal hours at times. The staff and management are dedicated people, a pleasure to work with and for. I enjoyed this experience. ", " EY  or should I call it the the EY Family is a nice place to work with very cooperative atmosphere and colleagues. A day spent in EY offers you continuous opportunities for learning and development. The time spent here is an actual investment in the skill set which is later utilized in the career course of a professional. ", " Ernst and Young for me is the gretaest company as I have started my career over there and have got a chance to learn a lot about practices in different industries. The firm has made my base very strong in accounting standards and auditing. Management was very co operative. Co workers were always helpful. The hardest part of the job was late sittings and the enjoyable is the na,e of the Ernst and Young itself. ", " A very friendly environment. And room for advancement with in the company. To move up in to supervisor and management and if to go to different states or countries with room for advancements. ", " - High learning curve - Great Management - International Co-Workers - Interesting Projects and a lot of responsibility - Good career options - EY is interested in you. If you want - you can grow ", " Challenging environment to quickly succeed, especially on the Advisory-side.  Make sure to have strong / experienced counselors and advisors. Always ask for training / guidance / etc... impossible to identify what resources are available without support. ", " 1) I always had busy days at work as there were always deadlines to be met. 2) I learned more about accounting, auditing of financial statements balances, transactions and other financial statements disclosures. I learned how to analyse the financial statements of many different companies, I learned more about coaching and supervising junior trainees and team work, I learned how to work effectively and efficiently under pressure, I learned how to work hard in order to meet deadlines, e.t.c. 3) Management: In the final year or 3rd year of my articles, I was responsible for providing guidance and coaching to the junior staff to make sure that they performed they audit work properly. I was responsible for managing the entire audit team so as to make sure that the audit plan was executed properly and audit deadlines were met. 4) I got along well with everyone and I worked very well with the audit team 5) Tight audit deadlines, where we were given unreasonable amounts of time to finish the audit work. Therefore, in some instances we had to work long hours of overtime to ensure that audit deadlines were met. 6) Teamwork, free lunches, subsistence allowance for out of town audits and good relationship with managers. ", " Not very clear team structure, everyone could be your boss and distribute work to you. Partners are not very accessible and always keep their doors shut. But the content of your work is very comprehensive and educational, you learn a lot but you have to somehow deal with moderate pay and poor work life balance during busy season. ", " Management had not idea about what their responsibility nor how to delegate work! Work was done last minute and staff stayed until late hours to finalize the work. National trainings were good but upper management did not attend most of the training. Knowledge transfer is extremely limited. ", " Although demanding, EY is a company you learn and grow with.  The culture and environment are excellent as they truly value their employees.  If you are looking for a company that challenges and hones your skills, this is it.  I mostly enjoyed the wonderful people I was able to encounter within the company and their clients.  Truly the most interesting and rewarding company I have worked for in my 20 years of experience. ", " The working environment is very nice and comfortable. The senior are willing and patiently guiding me in completing my tasks. ", " Good culture and lot of learning opportunities. People you work with on the team are not only smart and active but nice and welcoming. Overall management is really good. ", " A typical starts with checking e-mails for the health of facilities in the building. I also take calls from the FM helpdesk and log them in to the job data base so that job requests can be actioned by the appropriate department. I keep a database of all jobs call out on excel spreadsheet. This data are used for our monthly statistics report to management. ", " My work experience at EY has been fantastic. I learned team working, leading in tense situations, managing client relationship etc and the following skills; Auditing ( Internal and External) \uf034 Financial reporting &amp; Analysis \uf034 Accounting systems including ERPs \uf034 Internal control documentation and evaluation \uf034 Financial Management &amp; Cost Accounting \uf034 Consolidation \uf034 Planning and control &amp; Budgeting \uf034 Regulatory compliance \uf034 COSO Framework \uf034 Taxation \uf034 Risk management &amp; Business Analysis \uf034 Financial Services ", " Working at EY have added to me great knowledge through learning the methodology and added value. The time management is perfect but needs to add the work life balance. ", " Very rewarding and challenging place to work.  Plenty of variety, flexibility, and many professionals surround you on a regular basis. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Nature of work has a steep learning curve in which one is exposed to great learning on the ground. It also equips one with the skills to manage expectations from different key stakeholders and the ability to deliver quality work through effective and efficient learning. New changes in methodologies, accounting standards, projects have always challenged one to increase capacity for learning. A great place to interact and work with different people and enjoyable colleagues/team mates to work with. ", " Responsible for job set-up through finish, ensuring accuracy, details and completion to deadlines.Developed graphics for tax and audit reports. ", " Their is a lot of scope for ones personality development and to learn work for more than required.Their is a very cooperative team which handles any type of challenge made me more productive to learn and work for at the same time . ", " If you are looking for a place to grow very quickly EY is your place to work.  Fun work place with supportive management.  The most enjoyable part of the job was working alongside my collegues and learning from them. ", " People are encourage to ask questions and be professional. Supportive management help you on work. Focus on team work and team building. ", " Great for lifetime consultants.  Excellent networking and ability to get on engagements by networking with peers and superiors.  Intelligence and consulting experience respected and called. ", " A typical day at work involved having a brief catch up with my group leader (Asia Pacific Private Equity Leader) to discuss the weeks work in progress and what needed to be completed and then working on those tasks in order of priority and urgency. Tasks could include overseas/domestic travel arrangements or creating itineraries for a client roadshow or important trips, client team meeting preparation and execution (creating agendas/action items), managing partners (three) calendars and monitoring emails, making sure partners are getting to meetings on time and action any outstanding tasks were a typical part of my daily routine.  I learned that I worked well at multitasking different projects including completing different partners specific and demanding requests and making sure I prioritized and was timely on my completion. I also learned that the best way to juggle so many tasks is to put these tasks in order of high to low priority and take it one step at a time as I worked in a very fast-paced environment with the responsibility of three very demanding partners.  Due to an increased transaction workload, the team grew exponentially from about 20 to 40 in about a year and a half. As a result of this growth, we were short on administrative assistance and the pressure on me and my workload increased significantly for a while until we hired another assistant. In the meantime though, I was likable and always helpful and knowledgeable on everything EY related so most of the staff would come to me daily with questions which became very disruptive when I was in the middle of ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> a task. The main thing I took away from these experiences is that sometimes you just have push back and advise that you don't have the capacity to assist them and send them on their way. You can only fulfill so many tasks at one time and it all comes down to who has priority.   The most difficult part of my job was the prioritizing of the individual partners I looked after, because in the end, they all thought their requests were more important than the other. This was difficult for me at first but as I gained more experience and confidence, I became more assertive and was comfortable letting them know when they could expect their job to be completed and did my best to please everyone.   The most enjoyable part of the job was the social events that our team valued. Working in transaction tax meant very long hours (for the partners and staff) so it was a very high stress environment during big transaction periods. The leaders of the team appreciate the hard working individuals and would compensate our hard work by taking us on long lunches, having team drinks/events and also presented the hard workers end of year bonuses every year to thank them for their efforts. I really enjoyed this mentality and working for a team that valued their staff as the morale of the team was generally high. ", " EY provides professional  and personal growth to all the employees combined with a good salary and benefits. The job culture is magnificent all the procedures and policies were created to benefit the employees and the organization as well. ", " EY is a great place to begin one's career.  In the Advisory practice, travel and work is demanding.  Depending on the group one is in, promotions can be quicker or slower. ", " Big company with a lot of different clients. Great place for learning how to do your job, multitasking, low supervising and develop your social skills too. ", " My company is global with many offices around the world . I have met many clients and learned more about EY and the job they do. The place where I worked, everyone was friendly and easy to get along with. They were always thankful for our help and support. There are always opportunities within the company to go further in your career which I liked. ", " Although demanding, EY is a company you learn and grow with.  The culture and environment are excellent as they truly value their employees.  If you are looking for a company that challenges and hones your skills, this is it.  I mostly enjoyed the wonderful people I was able to encounter within the company and their clients.  Truly the most interesting and rewarding company I have worked for in my 20 years of experience. ", " Enjoy with safe working environment and friendly staff, that enables us to achieve our social relationship needs.  The also fully insurance for workers that ensure our future . ", " good corporate culture and nice people to work with, even with long hours everyday. I enjoyed all my engagement teams so far~ ", " EY is a great company to work for. The management teams are good. Most are well rounded in their day to day job duties. EY's training regime is top notch and will have you prepared to do your assigned job. ", " EY is a great place to start your career. As a seasoned professional there is not much room for growth. Promotions to Director are rare. ", " Fun work place with supportive management. You are surrounded by bright people; the work is meaningful and challenging ", " - learn lots of audit skills within a short period of time  - hands-on experience with handling various clients  - mainly result-oriented projects ", " team working environment, best thing was no difference between any one, good management behavior, MS office, Advance software, good reputation of company ", " At Ernst and Young, I got experience of statutory external audit, interim reviews and other accounting/auditing related services as a result of which I developed my skills. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Great company to work for. Very flexible hours and well-compensated. Have to be willing to work heavy hours on occasion. ", " Healthy environment! Management is at the acceptable level. Coworkers were friendly. I would recommend this company to anyone who is willing to grow. ", " EY serves as a great company to begin your professional career fresh out of college. They provide great corporate experience and the tools to gain a complete understanding of almost any industry. ", " This is a great company to work for. I have had many different opportunities and advancement over the last few years. I have enjoyed all the different learning opportunities I have been given. ", " I had a very flexible schedule during the week.  I was able to work from home when needed with my sons therapy. The people were easy to get along with. My only complaint was getting a new desk everyday and reserving my spot to work. Projects were great experience to get under my belt. ", " Great place to start your career and develop if you have patience and not looking for high salaries. It could be a great opportunity to put your resume ahead of your colleagues. ", " Top 100 places to work consistently. All colleagues were very enjoyable to work for. Would recommend to anyone who wants to consult. ", " it is not as good as workplace in Deloitte, atmosphere is substantially worse than in Deloitte, however this is a subject to local office, not EY as the company worldwide ", " At EY, we believe in building a better working world. This is a philosophy which I can relate to and governs what we do every day at EY.  Our culture is people centric, focused on teamwork, diversity and inclusiveness are our key priorities and all of this combines to create a dynamic where people are self motivated to do their tasks. ", " I have learnt every thing while working with professionals and atmosphere is great.I god the opportunity to work with different people in different background. ", " One of the best companies where a young person can aspire. You learn new notions and skills every day. This job requires a lot of energy but it gives you a lot. ", " nice company, worth to work in and grow up. Job stability is good, treatment is fair. But individual grow is too slow. Less opportunity to break through ", " EY is overall a great company with talented people, challenging work/projects and a culture of trying to help people get where they want to be. ", " EY is a great place to work but there's really no room for growth in our department.  The management needs to improve on getting the staff be held accountable for their work and the workloads needs to be fair for everyone. ", " It enable us to be more independent and discipline as we will be assigned to clients' workplace for our fieldwork without supervision. Our time management skill had been improved as we need to submit our task on time, even with heavy workloads. It is enjoyable to work with co-workers in a team and we will give motivation to each other when facing stress. ", " The best Public accounting firm so far in my experience. Affable and welcoming to all. Provide excellent services and supportive of employees. ", " Not applicable at this time, looking for alternative work opportunities to further my career in the financial services, collections or learning &amp; development areas ", " My role was to cover for Executive Assistants who were on planned leave (eg holiday, planned sick leave). I had to be flexible and adapt to different working styles ensuring a smooth seamless handover of role, and hand back on EA's return. ", " Working at EY have added to me great knowledge through learning the methodology and added value. The time management is perfect but needs to add the work life balance. ", " One of our client was creating problems for us to complete work on time by not providing us the required information. I tried really hard but there was no response. Getting data from client could sometimes be the most important and the hardest part of an assignment.   This is where one of my senior stepped in and found out a solution to the situation which was to go visit the client at his premises and to this my management agreed.   Visiting the client not only resolved my problem but did also made me learn a lot about an industry that provides jet fuel to different airlines. This also made me understand the fact that it gets really difficult for a client to ignore your requirements when you are there at his premises. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " For a public accounting firm, this place has a very strong culture, and the folks are hard working and dedicated. They are dedicated to inclusion, and support their people. ", " Productive and professional place to work at. Structured learning and development program means you progress personally and professionally. And working as part of a global network, you gain unrivaled experiences across a diverse range of clients, sectors and geographies. So whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. ", " Culture is very people oriented. Great learning experience and excellent opportunities. Everyone at the office is intelligent and highly motivated. ", " EY is very flexible and allows opportunity to explore different options and career paths within the firm. Most of the co-workers are easy going and management is reasonable on expectations. ", " EY is my first place of work after been obtained the professional degree from ICAI. The last 4 years of experience was a cherish one and memorable one. The amount of leaning, enjoying the work atmosphere, the colleges are the real momentum to grow in this professional field.   As i believe this is the right moment to move on from EY and learn the working experience of Industry which is quite unique and challenging one. The amount of exposure in every field of Industry is spontaneous. I am eager to look forward the same.    The only problem causing me to stay here is doing a repetitive work in each engagement, so believe the learning curve is stagnated for the time being now, hence i want to move out.  But one thing to be noticed i have not changed any company frequently, i associated with this esteemed professional institute for the last 4 years and this is my fifth years in the same organisation. ", " No matter who you have to interact with at EY, from the highest ranking partner to the newest associates, everybody is smart, hard working, yet also very approachable and friendly. Everybody is aligned in striving for the same goals, so its a very team friendly environment.   There does appear to be a bit of a rift between the client-facing teams and those that support them. Not enough to make anyone miserable, but it becomes noticeable when it comes time for advancement and bonuses. ", " It is an amazing company to work. They have a very good work / life balance and they have a friendly environment. Everyone are very helpful by nature ", " 1. Working Hours per Day : 7.5 hours per day or More than 7.5 hours in audit seasons.  2. Weekend Work            : Yes  3. Experience                  : Better understanding about SLFRSs and SLAUSs ,Team Working, preparing Financials, Review workings, handled different audit clients etc.  4. Young Staff available as a result working ideas and team work is very comfortable and enjoyable.  5. Experience Management Available  6. Late Night work in Audit season is hardest and Allawance received not adequate to manage expenses. ", " My work experience at EY has been fantastic. I learned team working, leading in tense situations, managing client relationship etc and the following skills; Auditing ( Internal and External) \uf034 Financial reporting &amp; Analysis \uf034 Accounting systems including ERPs \uf034 Internal control documentation and evaluation \uf034 Financial Management &amp; Cost Accounting \uf034 Consolidation \uf034 Planning and control &amp; Budgeting \uf034 Regulatory compliance \uf034 COSO Framework \uf034 Taxation \uf034 Risk management &amp; Business Analysis \uf034 Financial Services ", " EY is one of the big four Public Accounting Firm. EY has a cooperative culture team especially in achieving audit objective for each procedures. ", " My typical day is spent at the client's office interacting with staff to understand their processes and obtain supporting documents for amounts recorded in the financial statements. I have learned how to develop relationships with people in the corporate world and I have learnt how companies in various industries operate. Management is transparent and fair in dealing with all staff. It also gives equal opportunities to all staff. My co-workers are supportive team players who are always willing to put their best foot forward for an excellent job to be done. The hardest part of my job is the tight deadlines I am always faced with but I manage to put in extra hours to meet them. The enjoyable part of my job is I travel a lot, go to different offices and meet new people every time. ", " Good culture and lot of learning opportunities. People you work with on the team are not only smart and active but nice and welcoming. Overall management is really good. ", " My experience has been good overall.  Its difficult at times working 100% remote as you lose the effectiveness of collaboration. ", " Great Employer for Work Life Balance Career Advancement for non client Serving is inconsistent and based on matters of opinion and not performance ", " The company has a very strange structure. I never met my boss and none of my coworkers knew who the boss was. Maybe I was the boss, I do not know. ", " Typical day includes scheduling interviews for candidates, interacting with coworkers, dealing with constant changes and cancellations in schedules that were already confirmed. Management in this scheduling department is not the best. They micromanage too much and pretty much treat us like children. So many people are unhappy which is why many have been leaving and most of the new people just rotate out after a few weeks. ", " EY promotes building a better working world. They are proficient in maintaining healthy work relationships both internal and external. EY continues to strive for excellence in the recruiting process ", " They pay lip service to entrepreneurial initiatives and intellectual stimulation. If you are passionate about project management, this may be the place for you though. ", " Great place to launch a career and take on responsibilities and coaching after only a short few months. Hours are long and flexibility is preached more than practiced. ", " The EY brand requires no introduction in the world of business and accounting. Its employees describe a challenging workplace filled with intelligent, high-performing co-workers who are also collegial and compassionate. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Great place to start your career learn a lot with young people.  Compensation is not that good only living at Associate level but really good learning. ", " Management is very poor and not qualified for the position. There is no team spirit at all neither is it being promoted. Decisions are being made without consultation with staff.  The work life balance is probably one of the key advantages. Otherwise not a good place to work at least based on my experience in the specific service line. ", " Learning alot about Accounting and auditing with different company types and learning how to work in stress situations and leading auditing team for any assignment ", " Unless you can stand the cut throat competitive nature as you move up through the ranks here, I would recommend staying just to take advantage of all the knowledge, tools, enablers, that they provide their employees on technical and soft skill training.  The on the job training allows you to get a great breadth of experience and skills you can transfer somewhere else. ", " Fast moving and high pressured environment, however staff are of high calibre and professional. Clients are reputable and well known. ", " Excellent place to evolve quickly, work-life balance is somehow difficult at times. Even in the consulting practice, you can have the audit roots of the company. ", " Work life balance, training, culture and management are superb at this company. This is really one of the best places to work. ", " EY is a great company to work for, can be very demanding and politics as well, but definitely great place to gain experiences ", " EY has a vision of building a better working world.  The culture within the firm is quit an experience. People take pride in their work and positions at EY.  As EY is one of the big four firms it gave me the opportunity to work with people from diverse backgrounds and cultures.  Part of the articles experience is adapting to change and that was my biggest challenge at EY. Just when you get to know the client and the team you are working with, you are already planned on another audit with a new client and different team. I managed to get use to it and found it quit interesting.  The most enjoyable part of my job was having the opportunity to work with high level management at the clients and EY itself, without even being a qualified CA (SA) yet.  I am proud to say that I am completing my articles at EY. ", " We audit clients and perform our job as a team member or team leader when become senior, within a specified time period. Timelines are strictly adhered to. Apply EY Global Audit Methodology, Auditing and accounting standards. Learning stats from the very first day of articleship. As a junior I performed vouching and even lead a team as Job In charge within 1st year of my articles. Then as a semi senior guide Juniors, work as team and perform substantive procedures. As a senior work as a team leader, report directly to management and deal with client's management. Work as a link between Firm's management and Client. Management reviews work performed at client after a completion of fieldwork and provide technical assistance where needed. Co-workers include CA/ACCA trainees. Work on every client is performed as team. I have performed audit of AKF, 13 Years cumulative as team leader and completed this strenuous task alone and got 13 years report signed.  The audit of Telenor as a senior has been very enjoyable as the team was great. ", " EY check things like a financial compass of a companies well being, they flag things up in certain areas or functions and say well done though you can do better. ", " really busy, a lot of pressure, overtime work always. not good pay. boss is mean. i do not really like this place. boring job ", " Work is good but travel is the key. To move up you also have to sell work which can be challenging at times, otherwise a nice place to work. ", " Data Review of Client accounts for the preparation of tax forms. Use experience in equity trading, fixed income trading, Asset Allocation, etc. ", " A good place that you can learn a lot about businesses and their operations. Team work was a significant part of the work. ", " provided administrative Support for Client Service Worked with team of 8-10 members Multitasking and time management key to the role Collaborative working enivronment ", " I THINK IT IS THE BEST PLACE WHERE YOU CAN DO YOUR INTERNSHIP BECAUSE THERE SO MUCH DIVERSITY THAT YOU CAN LEARN A LOT AND DECIDE WHAT AREA ARE YOU INTERESTED IN ", " While you are sure to work hard, I feel that the company has done it's best to make the culture and benefits as worthwhile has possible. There is guaranteed opportunity to learn and advance. ", " I believe sufficient training needs to be given, some of the staff are friendly. The workload is just okay, but more can still be done to improve the working environment. ", " One of the world's leading professional services organizations. It is one of the best places to work with, providing every opportunity for your career growth and professional development.  I have learned a lot through out my professional career with EY. I feel proud working with EY. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " an innovative environment where challenging and interesting work is part of daily life.  Accenture's Consulting workforce is involved in business consulting, process design work and the application of technologies to business. A career in Consulting is varied and stimulating because each project presents a new challenge and will give you exposure to new clients, business issues, technologies and people. We need people who are able to challenge conventional thought, offer unique perspectives and conceive more innovative solutions for our clients.  Working as a consultant with Accenture, you will build core bu ", " A typical day at work would be answering inbound calls for most hours of the day and doing projects as assigned. The management were for the most part very nice, friendly, and outgoing. My co-workers were always fun and very hard workers.There was nothing hard about the job and the most enjoyable part were on Friday's when we could dress up and wear our favorite sports teams.  ", " I really enjoyed my time there though it was for a brief period of time.Management and top tier is always there to set an example by leading from the front.Team in every assurance department strongly believes on team work.I learned hand on experience of real audit world, where audit and accounting standards come into an action.The hardest part was to meet deadlines at PEEF when cfo rescheduled our task and we being a team met with the hopes and delivered and i really enjoyed that too. ", " A typical day at work was when we were loading GAMx on all audit staff machines when we could work all day upto even 12 midnight.I learned a lot on my career as shown on my cv and to be a good team player and teeam work.The management was an excellent team to work with so was the co-workers.The hardest part of the job was that new technology was introduced without any training however would have a work around to everything and it ended up being exciting being able to find solutions on your own.The most enjoyable part of the job was that it was an environment to learn a new lot of tasks. ", " Working as a consultant for EY requires you to be a top-notch professional who is constantly looking for a challenge. On the drop of a hat you must be ready to travel across the country and jump into a project you have had no prior experience in. It's an exciting, challenging, and flexible environment.  I learned a great deal about myself and professional abilities. I learned how to talk to different types of clients in various industries, how to create rapport amongst new coworkers/teams, and how to set productive work goals for myself.  I really enjoyed the flexibility and spontaneity of the position, however, the hardest part was constantly traveling. ", " Great company to start at right after college, but there is no point in staying here long term if you actually want a life outside of work. The \"work life balance\" they preach is simply not there, plus this firm is probably the one out of the big 4 that pays the least - bonuses are miserable (even when you have a good rating or get promoted) and the benefits are worthless (the 401K matching is only 25% after a year of employment). ", " Very warm and friendly place. The training was very detail and revealed a lot of what kind of call you would get. Management is very busy but will find time for you. My co-worker are vey helpful and allow everyone to work as a team. The hardest part of the job is remembering where to transfer the call if I can not resolve the issue. The most enjoyable part of the job is knowing when you get to work there is something new I will learn. ", " At EY, you learn things you will never learn at schools such as seeing other company's cultures, accounting departments, employees benefits, etc. Working as an external auditor, you will be exposed to all accounting treatments, and you will get to connect to other company's and see how the business world work. Definitely, the best place to start a career with. ", " Experienced accountant having worked in the financial industry in both the United States and Brazil since 2001, I bring unique international financial skills to my clients. Fluent in both English and Portuguese, and able to communicate with Spanish-speaking clientele as well.  I bring my experience and expertise to all procedures pertaining to financial processes, from evaluation and analysis, to controllership, to tracking data and communicating results and recommendations. ", " Worked on a range of different clients, with some jobs lasting a few days and others lasting couple weeks. Managed the collating data and data classification. Went out to client site with my team and helped them with testing procedures and reviewing half-year or whole year stats. Responsible for the collection and processing of account statements. Coordinated and arranged important legal documents for the weekly team meetings of legal counsel, attorneys, and clients. ", " Typical day: Calling and meeting clients, working on financial structures and business development, meeting with E&amp;Y managers from different departments, drafting opinions and power point presentations. I learned about finance, international taxation, how to write opinions and how to manage worldwide tax planners. Management was OK but very stressed about deadlines and sometimes micromanaged.  My coworkers were great, very professional and very kind. The hardest part was juggling so many clients and so many projects. The most enjoyable part was brain storming with a lot of smart people. ", " I have worked for Ernst &amp; Young as a full time employee for about a year, as a receptionist and I have performed the established duties for the role, which include and are not limited to answering the phones, meet and greet guests, provide front desk assistance and guide visitors  I consider myself as a team player; I am currently the back up for projects like daily Name Tags, Conference Sheets and Life Changing Events. I cover for these and other assignments every time that is needed and often take charge and volunteer to help. ", " My work is mainly focusing on assisting our investment clients in developing/validating financial models.  In a typical project, I interact with our clients to understand their business needs, design work plan to meet clients' expectation, understand technical models and Basel regulations, implement and perform test on the model performance using softwares such as VBA, Python, R, etc. ", " Depends on the client and team.   I've worked with some very talented individuals who are concerned with your growth and my teams are generally great.  There are one or two that doesn't particularly care but those are rare.  Compensation could have been better this year.  You learn a lot in a very short period of time.  It's a crash course, in this case, a crash course in audit, risk methodology, QARs, etc. ", " Audits of various clients accross many sectors of the economy. You get to learn about different fields depending on your portfolio of clients.Management have high expectations and you need to work efficiently in order to meet expectations.The culture is brilliant and my colleagues are mostly friendly, helpful and supportive.The most enjoyable part of the job would be stock counts and factory tours as you get to see interesting manufacturing methods/warehouse operations that very few others have access to. ", " 1. Started guiding interns after joining the company a month; 2. Worked as a team leader in most of assurance engagements after 5 months: (1) audit fieldwork planning: understood the business and environment, identified risks, determined audit scope and designed tests and procedures; and  (2) audit team working: assigned jobs to team members, provided guidance to and reviewed audit work done by juniors; and (3) liaison with client: discussed with client any finance, audit and internal control issue; and (4) preparation and review of reports that would be finally delivered to clients. ", " EY is a good place to start your career, but keep in mind your career goals.  It is expected that you work long hours, which is fine when you begin because you will be learning a great deal about the fundamentals of accounting and audit.  My co-workers are usually great people to be around.  We get together some weekends and some of my best friends are from work.  The hardest part of the job is obtaining the information you need from the client.  They have their regular jobs and without ample time, they may not address your requests in a timely basis.  The most enjoyable part of the job is teaching and passing on information about people and concepts. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is a global firm which is present in more than 100 countries. I was new and raw in work and application of techniques as well as in presentation of work.  I have been with the firm for three and half years and I was highly passionate to join and to be good in my work. I learned gradually with the work.  Management was very nice, helpful and friendly and we always worked in teams.  Most enjoyable part was to work with various medium to large entities with various assignments. This enabled me to be more adaptive with the variety of work and roles. ", " EY TAS in Jeddah is a highly competitive and professional and growing unit. Management is world class and there are excellent colleges to learn from. An advantage of working in the relatively small Jeddah office is immediate exposure to challenging high level projects. For anyone looking to starttheir professional services career in Saudi Arabia, this is an excellent team to learn and develop with. ", " My experience with Ernst &amp; Young is almost the same with PwC. A typical task that needs to be addressed timely and finished the engagement according to the project timeline. I dined out with friends  or officemates as a way of releasing stress and then went back to the office to finish the job for the day. Then, the same activity cycle for the following day. The most enjoyable part of this job is that everyday I faced with new challenges in auditing and accounting due to diverse client engagements assigned to me and addressed accounting and auditing issues in a timely manner. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Good starting point in the accounting field. Got good auditing, accounting and people skills. Management has good cultural values which makes the company feel like home ", " Manangement is almost void with no coaching or care towards developement of it's employees, ", " EY is one of the big four audit firms. I was in the branch of audit. We provide audit service to public and non-public companies. EY is professional. In addition, It concentrates a lot in people of the firm. I feel so happy in the firm. ", " I have worked with Ernst &amp; Young LLP for the past eight years, and I really enjoy the management teams and their work/life balance arrangements for most parents or employees with special personal life requirements. ", " I learned there team management work.   Audit firm job required too long hours, i enjoyed and feel easy to do job in EY... specially i enjoyed a lot when i get chance to  go to formations of clients through EY audit firm. ", " EY is a great company to work for.  IT training is needed, but can be obtained in other methods.  Company is very large and loses focus with keeping things at such a high global level.  Needs to be local focused as well. ", " A typical day is taking care of last minute request's (audio visual equipment, re-set on rooms, catering) I have learned to take it all in stride &amp; to get the request's done as fast as we can. I worked with the best Team, we all would help each other out regardless of what needed to be done. Management would help out as needed &amp; worked with our schedule's &amp; gave the Team the ability to make decisions on the best of our knowledge. The toughest part of the job was last minute changes in a request, however the reward was making the Customer happy that we were able to get the request done in a fast manner. ", " Great experience in the management consulting industry. Clients mostly Fortune 500 companies. ", " EY is an unbelievable place to start and build a career. Working for EY has pushed me to work harder than I ever have in my life. It indeed offers a truly unique opportunity and experience for all their employees. ", " Represent Ernst &amp; Young Global brand and values to client a their premises. Discussions, inquires of management and guidance to audit associates on complex audit areas. Analyzing the views of sub-ordinates and tactfully resolving. Communicating their appraisal to higher management.  Sometimes managing client become hardest part as they try to limit the scope in audits.  Going out on lunch with co workers while the breaks and having nice social communication. ", " Great people, lots to learn Great learning environment for those pursuing CPA designation, excellent educational program to prepare for Common Final Evaluation (CFE) Lacks work life balance ", " Supporting multiple executives, all levels, with different personalities has kept me on my toes and learning something new and amazing everyday!  Flexible environment, supportive management and amazing teaming. ", " Lots of work, big corporate firm. Long hours but you are rewarded well for the work you do. ", " EY provides a great start for any person who wants to become a real finance professional to get required experience and develop necessary skills. Plus you establish your initial business network within the professional services world.   Looking forward EY offers opportunities for both staying with the Firm and developing your career inside or going outside and giving a different direction for your further professional growth.  One of the best positive aspects within EY is an opportunity to meet and work with really great people, who are very interesting persons, ready to take new challenges and achieve new heights. ", " An enjoyable environment. Good interdepartmental relations. Great work life balance for lower level employees. In office gym. Wonderful benefits; health, dental, mental and budget counceling. ", " Typical day is similar to other Big 4, however they specialize in promoting a downward learning culture that helps benefit people with various backgrounds. ", " Upper management has no consistency in management methods or culture. They've created hostile work environments for employees, including verbal abuse, derogatory terms and demotivating speech. ", " EY is a decent company to start your career especially in accounting. I have had experience working on multiple engagements and the executives are experienced. Overall positive work experience. ", " Ey working culture and Environment is great.  EY is one of the leading Firm in Pakistan and World Wide  EY working methodology is different and productive than other competitors. ", " -The daily bases work is divided between the employees and each one has his/ her role to complete. we work as one team each one may provide a help to the other.  -This work develop my career in preparing financial statements and prepare tax compilation and tax return.  -Team was managing well by our director and deliver weekly statement of work.  - My Co-workers are very friendly and the work atmosphere is very excited.  - hard part of the job is for the tax compilation season all employees are work under pressure and may extend for the regular work hours for no overtime "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " There are probably great people at EY, but I haven't been fortunate enough to work with any of them.  The negativity and passive aggressive behaviour is overwhelming and it's gobsmacking that it is allowed to continue. ", " I learned a lot in the Company and it helped me grow in my chosen profession. The hardest part of the job is when you don't get enough sleep because of lots of work yet you get a salary not enough to buy you medicines. However, experience wise, I still prefer EY because I  don't deal with a single client through out the year giving me more networks and lots of challenging experience that can enhance my skills and capabilities. ", " Job is on a project basis, with exposure to a diverse range of clients. Responsibilities involve analysis of client business processes, identifying risk areas and areas of improvement. ", " I have worked with great people and have had good experiences along the time I have been with the firm. Great place to begin a career. ", " One of the world's leading professional services organizations, helps companies across the globe to identify and capitalize on business opportunities. EY LLP is an amazing place to work with. The work culture there is really good.. work is productive and lesser work pressure were there is no comparison with the peer firms. ", " For an EA the bulk of your tasks are devoted to calendar management, meeting coordination and special projects   At EY I developed all of my soft and hard skills and they provided a significant amount of training during my 9 years of tenure   My management was very supportive and I worked in a very collaborative work environment.   I experienced no challenges to perform my role at EY and enjoyed very much my EA position ", " It is a great company to start your career. You will learn so many things differently depends on the project you're assigned to. Fun workplace since most of my coworkers are still around my age. Work-life balance could be a problem sometimes. But overall, it is definitely worth to try. ", " I enjoyed doing my internship at EY. it was very helpful to gain experience and knowledge while dealing with the relocation of the branch ", " The organization is dynamic is pushes its employees to their fullest potential. However, the drawback is the struggle to balance work and personal life. ", " Too much work given to individuals with low salary. Alot of learning opportunities for people starting their career People are great, culture is not there because everyone is always working ", " EY is a great company to work for and progress your career. The EY brand is known around the work for its high level of quality and innovation. The careers are demanding and often ask alot, but the benifits of being an EY alumni are worth it. ", " People were smart and very driven. There were always new challenges which needed to be overcome. Everyone was very friendly and there was not real bureaucracy involved in making decisions ", " not for me, maybe its because it was my first time in consulting, but culture and work are not for me. so focused on chargeable hours and getting the product to the client that opportunities for learning take a back seat. people were nice but the work stinks ", "  \tResponsible for the entire billing process for the Human Capital Tax Group   \tProduced Work-In-Process reports, review data with Client Serving Executives based on a weekly schedule   \tReview and analyze data in Excel and produce necessary attachments in client requested format to accompany the invoice ", " Ernst &amp; Young has a great work environment. They encourage work life balance and promoting from within. Ernst &amp; Young believe in the professional growth of their employees. They also encourage their employees to join affinity groups within the company as well as giving back to the community. ", " Ernst and Young is a terrific company that provides a clear path to promotions and career development.  An outstanding company. ", " I have had several promotions and lateral moves throughout my career at EY.  I have worked on really interesting initiatives with very bright individuals.  I feel very good about the significant contributions made by my team and me. ", " Get in to public accounting when you are young and work hard, get experience than get out! Good place to learn but you wont have work life balance. ", " Over all it was more than good to be part of EY.  * First day of joininh * How to introduce. * Excellent co-worker * Late sitting * late sitting ", " Each day would be different. Ordinarily I would be liaising with clients and performing general audit procedures - inquiries of client, analytical modelling, confirmation of account balances and testing of client transactions. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Excellent Company to work for.   Understanding management.  Fair Compensation ", " INITIAL CAREER UPTO MIDDLE MANAGEMENT LEVEL TRAINING.  4 YEARS OF EXTENSIVE TRAINING WITH AUDIT OF VARIOUS CLIENTS (LOCAL &amp; INTERNALTIONAL).  MANAGEMENT &amp; CO-WORKERS: SUPPORTIVE ", " Client experiences include Israeli and foreign companies, listed on Tel Aviv Stock exchange, specifically in real estate development and investments and investments industries such as hedge funds, portfolio management, mutual, provident and pension funds, exchange traded funds, deposit management, structured products, underwriting and capital-raising companies, and brokerage houses.  Managed staff members, guiding them with their assignments and reviewing their work. ", "   Evaluated as performing in the top 5% among peer intern group. Given highest performance rating for 4 consecutive projects in high-tech, retail, and manufacture industries   Completed within short period several important control tests, substantive procedures, and working paper sections such as fixed assets and accounts payable; selected by the project manager as the sole intern to draft and modify the final Summary Review Memorandum   Took rare role for intern to independently complete the cash and salary accounts in a preliminary audit by frequently communicating with clients from various departments and quick learning ", " Typical day: Calling and meeting clients, working on financial structures and business development, meeting with E&amp;Y managers from different departments, drafting opinions and power point presentations. I learned about finance, international taxation, how to write opinions and how to manage worldwide tax planners. Management was OK but very stressed about deadlines and sometimes micromanaged.  My coworkers were great, very professional and very kind. The hardest part was juggling so many clients and so many projects. The most enjoyable part was brain storming with a lot of smart people. ", " EY is a great company to start out a professional career with. I had a lot of flexibility in working from home. The culture was fun and supportive. ", " The Advisory arm of EY provides its employees with great opportunities across multiple industries. The teams consist of very competent employees with great personalities who are vested in the development of junior members. ", " I gained valuable work experience at EY. I worked across 3 jurisdictions, and learnt good time and project management skills. I learnt to use my discretion, make sound judgements, and balance different opinions and points of view. Management was fair. I build strong and valuable relationships with my colleagues. The hardest part of my job, is that I worked in a small team, and often by myself. The most enjoyable part was the fact that I felt part of a wider EY team and interacted with all the teams and Service Lines. ", " Great culture. Work days can be long with lots of travel. The internal education programs are evolving as the consulting practice is starting to find its own footing.  Most of the people I work with are good and honest people who care about others and their work products. The leadership is still trying to define the firms niche in the consulting realm. As a result, consistency across the service lines varies by practice and partner, but the concept is evolving. ", " I am no longer an employee due to downsizing. I worked there for almost 25 years. I was a part of a virtual team in the Business Support Center in the midwest region. We supported local, regional and national customers on a daily basis creating, editing and finalizing financial statements for government filing and daily customer deadlines using Microsoft office 2007. I was also responsible for local print production work and customer intake for the Milwaukee office. I was the face of the support center for Milwaukee. ", " Benefits are great. Not sure about management. There seems to be a disconnect in terms of dept growth. Management is not transparent in their approach to change as well as employee retention. ", " I work at EY for over a year and can say that the work is not rocket science but the amount of emails, meetings, documents to prepare, deadlines to meet, staying  within the budget to include a family life is very demanding and stressful.  To work and function at EY is to have a very strong set of soft skills i.e. time management, meet deadlines, analytical skills, be able to think fast and act fast in a very fast paced environment. One must also be strong in Microsoft office, especially Excel; having a strong skill set in Excel will make one part of the experience in EY easier.   The culture in EY is work, work, work, and then work some more. EY does a great job trying to afford work / life balance but that is strictly dependent on you and your supervisor; some are very controlling while some are very understanding and supporting provided you do your part and complete agreed upon tasks.   Working with clients is 50/50, it really depends on who one works with and how one interacts and gets along with the client, internally with the team, an out-sourced company who assists us in India, and other EY teams assisting on the same engagement.  One will grow in EY but may also learn very quickly if EY and auditing is for them. Be honest, ask questions often, be proactive, and be true to yourself. ", " Its an environment which really embraces the different cultures and values of the societies we live in. ", " I really enjoyed my time there though it was for a brief period of time.Management and top tier is always there to set an example by leading from the front.Team in every assurance department strongly believes on team work.I learned hand on experience of real audit world, where audit and accounting standards come into an action.The hardest part was to meet deadlines at PEEF when cfo rescheduled our task and we being a team met with the hopes and delivered and i really enjoyed that too. ", " My experience with Ernst &amp; Young was very gratifying.  I began as an Administrative Assistant and was promoted into their Mergers and Acquisitions department within 3 years. I enjoyed working with the people there and would recommend working for Ernst &amp; Young to anyone interested in advancing their career. ", " As I was a \"contract consultant\" only and participated in the project teams on an as and when required basis I am not qualified to comment on many of the aspects requested. However my time with the company was enjoyable and provided me with skills I would not have beern able to accumulate elsewhere. Team members were willing to share knowledge and experience even though I was a \"temp\" but was always treated as an equal and valued member of the teams, especially by Team Leaders and management. ", " I got tremendous learning experience and training.  Opportunity to attend overseas expo and exhibitions.  The global big pictures started emerging in the horizen which opened up many avenues. ", " 9-6 job learned a lot about financial planning management does a pretty good job like my co-workers a lot long hours,for low pay have to past licensing exam to keep job ", " As an intern, barely got any work to do. Had very flexible hours on the job. Enjoyed working with my manager and my team they always made sure I was learning something everyday even if that meant shadowing them. ", " Excellent company to work with for good balaced work culture and career "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " My day entails completing tasks that were given to me the previous day and awaiting to be assigned more work. I'm also responsible for ensuring that the HR database is always up to date.   Apart from my general office duties, I've learnt more about how the consulting industry works.   Managers are constantly busy but the essential part is priorotising their work knowing that no element, no matter how insignificant, should be left unattended.  We work in an Open-plan environment, it simply means that there no offices and it is easier to ask your manager anything since you can see when their busy or not.  Task are usually hard when they are introduced but after that it begins to be easier to complete tasks because of the logic and necessity that is behind what I'm supposed to do.  There are sessions that take place almost every week and you get to learn more about the organisation and your contribution. ", " Market pressure caused the firm to reduce headcount in the Financial Services Advisory practices.  I had the highest utilization in my practice, but my unique skillset was difficult for them to deploy effectively in a \"go-forward\" mindset, despite high utilization in three of the past four years (go figure).  So I was let go, after almost twelve years, two months shy of a $20,000+ bonus and ONE WEEK PRIOR to the birth of my second child.  There is an incredible opportunity to learn and grow at EY, but don't think for a second that they care about you as a person. ", " As soon as I arrived at the office I fix my coffee and turned on my computer while the coffee is preparing I check my email and if it is necessary I replied them. After my breakfast, I work straight 2 hours and take 10mins break. At 12:30pm I eat my lunch and I get back to work at 1:30pm. I leave from the office at 5:30pm. What I learned is if I have a new idea I have to share with the colleagues. In terms of management is ok. I wish it could be better. My co-workers are friendly and cooperative. The hardest part of the job is sometimes the lack of imagination. However, the most enjoyable part of the job when I realized what I suppose to do the day. ", " an innovative environment where challenging and interesting work is part of daily life.  Accenture's Consulting workforce is involved in business consulting, process design work and the application of technologies to business. A career in Consulting is varied and stimulating because each project presents a new challenge and will give you exposure to new clients, business issues, technologies and people. We need people who are able to challenge conventional thought, offer unique perspectives and conceive more innovative solutions for our clients.  Working as a consultant with Accenture, you will build core bu ", " Great Employer for Work Life Balance Career Advancement for non client Serving is inconsistent and based on matters of opinion and not performance ", " At E&amp;Y every day involved a different type of work and it was exciting to exposed to different projects and working with different people. I learned there a lot about working in a team and managing other accountants while working on large scale projects. The most enjoyable part of the job was the culture and having the chance to work with high level executives that are industry veterans and have great insights. ", " 9-6 job learned a lot about financial planning management does a pretty good job like my co-workers a lot long hours,for low pay have to past licensing exam to keep job ", " Great opportunities for development and working with professionals are provided. We work according to strict deadlines, and manage engagements parallelly, this way in most of the cases work and life are not in balance. There is a continuous communication with Clients. ", "  Involved in Planning and performing statutory audits in accordance with International Accounting Standards  Understand key business risks and its impact on financial statements.  Identify and evaluate internal controls and consider its impact on planning materiality.   Substantive test for the various accounts of financial statements through analytical review and test of balances.  Involved with management during the reporting phase and resolution of business and audit issues to finalize the audit reports.  Involved in preparation of complete sets of financial statements with its related notes.  Developing and maintaining client relationships. ", " Good culture and lot of learning opportunities. People you work with on the team are not only smart and active but nice and welcoming. Overall management is really good. ", " Best organisation for future accounting, audit &amp; finance professionals. A learning experience for life. Lot of late sittings but at the end of the day your colleagues will support you anyway. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is family type atmosphere where people are courteous and work well together as team. I learned how to work well with others ensuring everything runs smoothly without any glitches. Our greatest strengths are consistently communicating regularly with the clients, potential hires,and each other. Management always made sure we're kept abreast with the latest news regarding the company, whether it's good or bad. They have an open door policy whenever one needs to voice his or concerns regarding work or personal issues. There really isn't anything hard about the job, it's simply one must have the mindset of getting the job done for the interest of the client, who the company always place as top priority. My most enjoyable part of the job was learning new skills and becoming a sounding board for new hires who weren't certain how to adjust to their new responsibilities and make them feel comfortable. ", " Ernst and Young has long been a top rated Times top 20 companies to work for and on the whole it is was wonderful. Varied work, fantastic management, hugely capable people.  The only aspect which goes with the territory is the long distance travelling.  If you ever get a chance to work at Ernst and Young, it is roller coaster of a ride but one that you won't want to get off.  Highly recommended! ", " A typical day is taking care of last minute request's (audio visual equipment, re-set on rooms, catering) I have learned to take it all in stride &amp; to get the request's done as fast as we can. I worked with the best Team, we all would help each other out regardless of what needed to be done. Management would help out as needed &amp; worked with our schedule's &amp; gave the Team the ability to make decisions on the best of our knowledge. The toughest part of the job was last minute changes in a request, however the reward was making the Customer happy that we were able to get the request done in a fast manner. ", " great experience, ability to work with a large variety of different people, challenging tasks and environment, constantly learning ", " Represent Ernst &amp; Young Global brand and values to client a their premises. Discussions, inquires of management and guidance to audit associates on complex audit areas. Analyzing the views of sub-ordinates and tactfully resolving. Communicating their appraisal to higher management.  Sometimes managing client become hardest part as they try to limit the scope in audits.  Going out on lunch with co workers while the breaks and having nice social communication. ", " Lots of work to be done. Little to no work/life balance. Some people are allowed to slack off while others are overworked. Good place to start your career and build your resume ", " My experience with Ernst &amp; Young was very gratifying.  I began as an Administrative Assistant and was promoted into their Mergers and Acquisitions department within 3 years. I enjoyed working with the people there and would recommend working for Ernst &amp; Young to anyone interested in advancing their career. ", " Good place to work if you are hired full time.  Lots of young workers.  Work life balance is pretty good unless it is busy tax season.  Office is pretty modern.  Customers can be challenging.  Equipment/Computers seem decent.  Diversity awareness seems pretty important.  Did not see a lot of people with external disabilities, but I at one location and Ey has many world wide. ", " Supporting multiple executives, all levels, with different personalities has kept me on my toes and learning something new and amazing everyday!  Flexible environment, supportive management and amazing teaming. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " EY is very flexible and allows opportunity to explore different options and career paths within the firm. Most of the co-workers are easy going and management is reasonable on expectations. ", " Audit trainee. Exposure to many different types of clients  Working in a different environment and with different people, different teams, different managers on a regular basis.  Co workers can work hard and play hard, you people.  Most enjoyable: Culture Hardest part: Very long hours.   ", " - A typical day at work. We work all the week during the high season we work through weekend days.  - What you learn. I have leaned lot of things such as papering financial statement, assessing Internal Control, planing for field work, risk Assessment, and communication skills.  - Management Throughout the time I worked with Ernst &amp; Young I faced highly skilled and professional managers.  - Co workers They were helpful and accurate, they were always meeting the dateline.  - Hardest part of the job. Determining the client materiality  - Most enjoyable part of the job. learning new things every single day. ", " Great place to be: culture and educational opportunities are second to none provided you have support from management ", " Good starting point in the accounting field. Got good auditing, accounting and people skills. Management has good cultural values which makes the company feel like home ", " Culture is very people oriented. Great learning experience and excellent opportunities. Everyone at the office is intelligent and highly motivated. ", " EY is a wonderful place to launch a career, with tremendous opportunities to grow personally and professionally. Longer-term, it was difficult to manage a reasonable work/life balance, but I had a tremendous experience over the eight years I spent there. ", " I have worked for EY for 5 years. It is one of the big four audit firms. Overall it's a good job, especially for fresh graduates. You get good experience. ", " Typical day includes starting work at 0745hours and finishing around 1900hours, though the standard work day ends at 1630hours. I have learnt to cooperate with other team members on projects and the execution of technical financial accounting, internal auditing and risk management on diversified clientele. The management is very supportive and the co-workers have a good teaming skills. The hardest part of the job was when assigned to work with more than 2 too junior members on the same projects who would need my close monitoring whilst I also had some fieldwork to execute. The most enjoyable part was when the pressure of fieldwork had subsided and we held post project meeting to identify lessons so as to improve on upcoming projects. The other interesting time was when we go for team building events as an entire EY office to get to know each other better. ", " We basically spend most of our time working at clients' offices gathering information to conduct our tests and complete our reports. Preparing presentations has been the skill that I have improved the most working at Ernst &amp; Young. There is a lack of guidance and training on behalf of management. The hardest part of the job is having to complete projects in which we have no experience in without any guidance from our managers. The continuous learning process we experience while working in the firm is the most enjoyable part of the job and also the interaction with co workers. ", " Nature of work has a steep learning curve in which one is exposed to great learning on the ground. It also equips one with the skills to manage expectations from different key stakeholders and the ability to deliver quality work through effective and efficient learning. New changes in methodologies, accounting standards, projects have always challenged one to increase capacity for learning. A great place to interact and work with different people and enjoyable colleagues/team mates to work with. ", " Great Growth prospect, young people, lots of learning opportunities, Valuation department is fun, diverse people, excellent coworkers and great bosses. ", " One of the big four companies and fun to work at this place. The excitement of Vision  2020 and a good place to grow and develop work skills ", " Has great mentors and peer advisers to help you learn and get you adjusted.Learned how to work with Visio, Excel, SQL, and Axure. Prepares you to work with many different stakeholders. ", " Ernst is the largest audit firm in Sri Lanka covering audit and other financial services to many companies in many industries. The experience you earn at EY Sri Lanka is immense. Meeting the target and deadline are at most important at EY. In that case you may lose the work-life balance sometimes. ", " I worked here as a temp and was hired on full time. I only worked here for a few months and it was ok. I was the office manager and basically ran the office on my own, with few interactions with other staff, who worked offsite. ", " Client experiences include Israeli and foreign companies, listed on Tel Aviv Stock exchange, specifically in real estate development and investments and investments industries such as hedge funds, portfolio management, mutual, provident and pension funds, exchange traded funds, deposit management, structured products, underwriting and capital-raising companies, and brokerage houses.  Managed staff members, guiding them with their assignments and reviewing their work. ", " The atmosphere at EY is like no other firm, the ambience and friendliness of the people really attracted me to work here and will hopefully like to go back one day. ", " Never room in the main office Client site onboarding is slow Partners are great - they are friendly and very accommodating. Manager and Sr. Manager are hit or miss - a lot of misses, mostly people who had to work their way up and now are taking it out on the staff and seniors Job Security is great ", " Long hours are required to progress. Those who excel are rewarded moderately 'long term greedy' attitude. The quality of leadership varies greatly - in part due to the aforementioned elements - some fast risers, some stuck in a rut. Colleagues are intelligent, hard working and high calibre, with odd exception - these tend not to last long however. All in all very enjoyable but keen to use accrued knowledge in industry due to 4-5 day/week travel required across UK.  "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Job Title: Records Department Clerk (pulled, created, sorted and documented important requested records for various companies (Citi, Texas Instruments, TXU, Belo, JP Morgan, etc. ) ", " Working day consists of engagement with top tier banks assisting their development in Financial Crime framework and controls. ", " Despite the long hours, the work is very rewarding and satisfying. The steep learning curve in the work nature allows me to explore many areas and strengths of myself that I believe I would never discover if I was not in this job. ", " In the hard world of consulting, EY is at the forefront of remaining visible and competitive.  Hard driving and demanding in terms of time committment ", " Great place to work. Co-workers were great. Flexible with time and work-life balance is key to their success. I highly recommend working for this company. ", " A lot of overtime work (not paid), good team, interesting projects, good management, good system of advanced report and e. t. c. ", " Knowledge transferring. Attending client meetings , managing a team and perform a review of work performed. attending reporting meetings. Different auditing approaches, challenging yourself. ", " Coming in checking on cases in Service Now, checking emails and reaching out to co workers via Lync.  The hardest part is following a process that's 28 pages long and a part of the process fails and no one can figure out how to resolve the issue.  The most enjoyable part of day is to know you resolved an issue and to contact a user and let them know their computer is fixed ", " I was worked so many hours in this job and because this i learned a lot about process os companies and risk management. The hardest part of the job is hours, because i worked everyday and weekend as well. The hardest part of the job is a good team and learn about diferents process of companies. Everyday happen different things in this work and this is amazing. ", " During my working experince at EY, I have practiced valuation, business modeling and comercial advisory services for most complex transactions in Turkey and advised global funds, multinational firms and conglamerates. ", " Enjoyed inbound and outbound calls to consumers. EY has an excellent training program and are very excited about helping you succeed. ", " Competitive environment with your peers in many different states Very structured teams and organization Fast paced environment with long hours Multi industry experience, many projects Great team of ambitious and smart people &amp; many resources ", " Organization: Ernst &amp; Young (EY) is one of the largest professional services firms in the world and one of the Big Four auditors, along with PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), Deloitte and KPMG. Auditing and providing consultations to clients on various Accounting and Finance management. Ernst &amp; Young has got many clients which are Private &amp; Public companies, Joint ventures, Corporations, Partnerships, Societies, Banks, Clubs, Hotels and Nonprofit making organizations &amp; etc. ", " I started my career in EY in 2011 and since then the firm has provided me countless opportunities to learn and to excel. The environment of the firm is quite friendly.   EY has a culture of delegating work and showing confidence in it's employees to build a better working world. ", " Good balance between working life and private life, interesting job with lots of responsibilities and very good management ", " A typical day for myself would be handling and taking responsibility for resreaching various assignments. Each assignment has different due dates, weather it be a day or a week. I enjoy my job and the people I work with very much! ", " Learned much from a variety of clients in different industries.  Deadlines and workload can be challenging to manage.  Managers are highly competent and willing to mentor and teach junior analysts. ", " Challenging and great place to start a career in public accounting.  Can provide many different opportunities to grow oneself's career.  Work with intelligent and focused individuals.  Good sense of teaming. ", " Great learning environment with opportunities to gain experience with multiple industries. I supervised multiple teams of 3-7 individuals across various companies in the performance of integrated and non-integrated audits. Great place to work in team settings. ", " The outstanding methodology of all the processes.  Constant trainings of employees and ability to work on different projects creates the foundation of career growth and professional development. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " You can learn much and quick in here. Our team always deal with our project effective. Also, we got the highest rating in our company. I always work over time, though I am tried but I also learn a lot there. Like: the comprehensive skill, excel skill, data research and team work. ", " Enjoyable, respectful work environment. Very fortunate to have been temporarily placed here while transitioning back into corporate from retail and studying for my MBA. ", " You need to put your time in but flexibility is a practiced concept there. ", " Very cutting edge in technology overall great place to work. ", " In Ernst&amp;Young I worked in a audit team. We studied the accounting process and we discussed on main points to find the best solution .  We chose the main account of balance for understanding the effect of main operantions. We analyzed the group operations and we discussed with director of administrative area of principal event of manage.  We conducted analysis on the accounts of balance for giving an opinion on balance. ", " Very good place to work - thanks. Good people, ethics and values in this organisations. ", " The typical day at work started client's business research and then going to client side to do audit procedure. I identified problems and risks faced by the business which I documented and then fed back to both the client and my seniors. Furthermore I reviewed, developed and recommended changes in accounting systems and internal controls of the organisations. Beside that I also collected and interpreted financial and non-financial data, providing clear and concise feedback to my seniors. The best part of being an auditor was establishing excellent working relationships with organisation\u2019s staff, business partners and clients, engaging with large businesses in various industries. ", " If you love accounting, this is the place for you. It is a great place to start your career and continue advancing in the accounting field specializing in large corporations. You will be preparing tax returns and income tax provisions for large corporations under the management of your colleagues. It is a pyramid based structure. In essence, you will advance every year unless you dont try. ", " Busy season is very hectic but after that is a good time to take breaks like vacation which is not difficult to be approved. Management are concerned about your thoughts about your job, and provides feedback. Training is provided when requested which is very good. Although some of my peers are judgmental, most people that worked here behaved professionally. Good sick and vacation time package and also good pay. I will recommend this place as one of the best place to work for. ", " The culture attempts to be mentoring and collaborative and there are times it is however the dominant culture is unable to build or sustain a circle of trust and suffers from high turnover rates as a result. ", " micromanagement and too much work, expectations unreal, I especially didn't like that I had to work with many managers on a daily basis and all of them had different requests for the same processes and they would change their requests all the time for the same subject matter and would blame on the employee, very poor management ", " Depending on what you are looking for this could be a great place to start your career as the exposure and experience is amazing. ", " Forward thinking, open minded, employee engagement, equal opportunists, this company has it all. ", " Great experience and tough job.  Long hours typical of a big four firm, but the learning experience is invaluable. ", " E&amp;Y was very flexible and allowed working from home. The environment was friendly and the open door policy made it a comfortable working place.  Co-workers were great, they always made it a nice place to come to work and made it a friendly place to work, there was afterwork gatherings each month.  It was hard to work in the first few months as it is a partnership versus a corporate structure. ", " The department i was working at was going through many re-orgs and management changes.  Never felt like I fit in to the environment and how the company worked.  I had a hard time getting adjusted to the climate and atmosphere of the organization. I never felt comfortable in my role . ", " I have spent 2 years at EY and it was a lifetime experience and I hope to be a part of it again. ", " Learned a lot of how to work with different people of a different culture group. the way they communicate was different and the work pace was a lot faster than Canada. ", " Good company to work with; good experience and job security ", " EY is a great firm to work for. The opportunities are endless. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Terrible culture.  Partners are very unfriendly.  They treat others very poorly and believe they are so much better than other because they are a partner.  There is no sense of teaming and it's hard to have a voice in a meeting.  This causes things to be done the same each time.  No opportunities for innovation.  There is no teaming atmosphere and everyone blames each other. ", " A typical day at work includes welcomed challenges and opportunities for personal and professional growth. ", " Good compensation, management, work life balance, culture ", " EY is a wonderful place to launch a career, with tremendous opportunities to grow personally and professionally. Longer-term, it was difficult to manage a reasonable work/life balance, but I had a tremendous experience over the eight years I spent there. ", " My coworkers and team members are so cooperative.  During my secondment i enjoyed a lot. ", " Excellent company to work with for good balaced work culture and career ", " At Ernst &amp; Young the work environment is very competitive and it is  an excellent workplace to improve the capabilities in the advisory practice. I had the chance to learn about the definition of the operational model of leasing companies and the management of information flows. Additionally, I learnt how to deal and work with a different context as Latin America. In this task, I have to recognize that both colleagues and management were really helpful throughout all the process.  What I like the most was the possibility of tackle problems  with different clients, each one with a different scenario. The typical day at work is very related to the client and to the project managed. The constant contact with the client is the key to understand and to deliver solutions the client is looking for. Once found it and defined, working to implement this solution is the best part of the job. On the other hand, sometimes is hard to find the right balance between work and private life. ", " The financial services audit practice suffers from poor morale, poor management.   It is relatively low paid given the hours worked and the pay available within the financial services industry.   The department was likened to a \"Sweater shop\" by a manager during a recent Management/staff meeting.   Typical day at work is 8.30am to 7pm during non busy season and during busy season from 9am to 9pm. Sometimes earlier sometimes later.   Required to work long hours on a small laptop often in meeting rooms.   Co-Workers are great! Fellow graduates and a lot of fun to be had.   Most enjoyable part of the job. Good dinners out at the end of an audit. Meeting lots of other people your age - all with one thing in common - Hating audit and planning their escape. ", " I work with a great team/work family.  The team aspect shows every busy season because everyone comes together to get through it successfully and with as much ease as possible. ", " Typical day includes starting work at 0745hours and finishing around 1900hours, though the standard work day ends at 1630hours. I have learnt to cooperate with other team members on projects and the execution of technical financial accounting, internal auditing and risk management on diversified clientele. The management is very supportive and the co-workers have a good teaming skills. The hardest part of the job was when assigned to work with more than 2 too junior members on the same projects who would need my close monitoring whilst I also had some fieldwork to execute. The most enjoyable part was when the pressure of fieldwork had subsided and we held post project meeting to identify lessons so as to improve on upcoming projects. The other interesting time was when we go for team building events as an entire EY office to get to know each other better. ", " Inbound Call center- received 80-100 calls daily, Assisted with sorting incoming mail and provided information about the Work Opportunities for Tax credit Program. Answering questions, sending outgoing mail, faxes and solving problems with Store managers about the hiring process. ", " Typical Workspace for Fresh Graduates  Emphasis coaching culture  Friendly co-workers  Advance Technology  Fun working environment, eg sport &amp; activities, annual Dinner &amp; Dance performance competition, work-from-home arrangement etc ", " - as long as you do your tasks on time, dress code and your meetings, they treat you like a king.  - dealing with other professional people is very fruitful for a fresh graduate. - the design of the floor is based on open space disks which makes it easier to interact with colleagues. ", " Great learning experience. Great company to get your career started as it focuses on developing its employees and promoting from within. The company is huge on networking and building strong relationships. You need to own your career and take control over what you make of it. ", " EY is definitely a great place to work at. It has got its own pros and cons. The environment is very challenging at EY. A person who works there, gets very good exposure towards the financial reporting and auditing aspects. EY gives good opportunities as well. I have achieved my promotions as and when due. The good things I learned : time management, team management, great pressure handling, keeping self updated on the changes in the IFRS etc. ", " EY keep their employee very well.Its a multinational company and its branch is mostly everywhere. ", " Worked on multiple teams and was fortunate enough to work with a great group of people. Which I still maintain connections with. I learned a variety of different software applications and was able to gather more knowledge in other areas. ", " My experience was good.  You can work from home a 1-2 or more days a week depending on team you are on.  Although that provides for a work life balance, you do find that you are still putting in a lot of hours.  Typically starting early and ending late especially when you are working from home.   The office culture is friendly and very diverse.   You still deal with the typical politics you will find at any large corporation.   Project Managers are true leaders and allowed to lead the teams without a lot of micromanaging.  Team members are globally dispersed which sometimes can make it difficult to manage and requires some late night and/or early morning conference calls.  Everyone seems to work hard and there isn't a lot of slacking.  Slackers typically don't last.  You are expected to work hard.  Pay in IT is equal to industry standards and sometimes on the higher end.  Benefits are great.  starting PTO and paid Holidays are higher than most companies. ", " cosy environment. Long working hours. Unclear expactations ", " Friendly work environment Team Work Professional Staff Training Support in education "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Excellent Top 5 consulting firm. Located Globally around the world.   Ernst &amp; Young (known as EY) is a multinational professional services firm headquartered in London, United Kingdom. It was the third largest professional services firm in the world by aggregated revenue in 2012 and is one of the \"Big Four\" audit firms  The organization operates as a network of member firms which are separate legal entities in individual countries. It has 190,000 employees and more than 700 offices in over 150 countries. It provides assurance (including financial audit), tax, consulting and advisory services to companies  The firm dates back to 1849 with the founding of Harding &amp; Pullein in England. The current firm was formed by a merger of Ernst &amp; Whinney and Arthur Young &amp; Co. in 1989.[9] It was known as Ernst &amp; Young until 2013, when it underwent a rebranding to EY. The acronym \"EY\" was already an informal name for the firm prior to its official adoption ", " My main role in the team is to get the audit procedures explained to staff in the team and get the same executed as per the timelines and get proper allocation of work and ensure timely completeness. ", " As an auditor, I am frequently out at a client site and could be doing any number of activities, from working on financial statements to counting inventory in cold storage freezers. When I am working in the office, I may be attending a seminar on professional development, performing monthly work for a client, reviewing paperwork or completing an audit. It is never the same, and this is what I like the most. ", " Great exposure, fast paced environment with variety of projects. ", " EY is top 10 best employer worldwide. Career growth is embedded in EY workplace and empowering employees ", " Very big company. Assurance Advisory Tax Professional services ", " People here are great, although very busy. The typical day here is such that you have no time to stop and catch up..People are always not in the office as they are out serving our esteemed clients. Its a good place to work and develop the discipline required to survive i n this harsh corporate world. ", " EY was a contract job for me. Its was a great location to work at. ", " -a lot of growth opportunities -good training ground -a lot of learning opportunities -hardest part is long hours especially the busy season -a lot of deadlines  overall, it is a good experience for 2 to 3 years, afterwhich i think it is better to change career or look for another job if you value work-life balance. ", " Very good training. Learn fundamentals of business. Very intelligent people. ", " Updated files, answered phones. People were stressed out. Management was a silo. Co-workers were helpful. ", " typical day consists of 10 to 12 hours  various risk analysis processes management easy to communicate with co-workers were great long hours was the hardest part of the job ", " Good Opportunity  Great team working with me  Really challenging being in a government funded operation which was being neglected by the authorities. ", " In the area that I worked in, I believe there wasn't enough ethnic and gender diversity in the most senior roles. As a racial minority, I didn't feel well represented and didn't have role models like myself to look up to who could help me see the possibilities in my own career development. A typical day at work involved working mainly at client premises. This was really nice as I got to meet and work with a lot of different people. I also really liked working in teams with different people on a daily basis. I made some good friends.  The hardest parts of the job were; &gt;sometimes had to deal with uncooperative clients. This wasn't always the case though, most were very helpful. &gt;sometimes had to deal with overly ambitious team members within the audit team, especially when approaching annual performance appraisals. ", " -The daily bases work is divided between the employees and each one has his/ her role to complete. we work as one team each one may provide a help to the other.  -This work develop my career in preparing financial statements and prepare tax compilation and tax return.  -Team was managing well by our director and deliver weekly statement of work.  - My Co-workers are very friendly and the work atmosphere is very excited.  - hard part of the job is for the tax compilation season all employees are work under pressure and may extend for the regular work hours for no overtime ", " Overall, it's a good place to work. My job requires tons of negotiations with the internal stake holders and external suppliers.  My co-workers are very nice and always work as a team. ", " Excellent place to begin for campus hires. Fosters independence, taking ownership and responsibility for work and ample of opportunity for early advancement in career. ", " Assist higher audits in providing audit services that conduct interviews and research, make detailed investigation, collect the data for analysis and collection of audit related information and then files the reports. I like culture of this jobs. Work hard play hard ", " Ernst &amp; Young was a very professional place to work. Very fun workplace especially in ACR department.  Excellence was expected in everything that was done.  Lots of work so you had to be stress resistant.  Gives me ample opportunity to use my strengths, develop my knowledges about softwares. Challenges my weaknesses and gives me opportunities to discover Audit and learning a lot of things in various other departments. ", " Overall it's a valuable work experience in Ernst&amp; Young Hua Ming LLP,however, it still hardly to maintain the work-life balance. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " My job mainly deals with preparing and maintaining financial reports also it was a great task to perform the revenue allocation process for all the middle east EY offices. It is a great privilage   to be the part of such an organsiation where employee is the master.Also got the opportunity to share my ideas and to work with a great Enterprise Application Management team. ", " Ernst &amp; Young was a very professional place to work.  They encouraged professional attire and work ethics.  Excellence was expected in everything that was done.  Promotions were difficult to attain as most job categories were highly sophisticated and required specific skills with few opportunities to move into a different job category. ", " Solid place to start a career.  There is no typical day.  Traveled A LOT! The hardest part of my job was trying to collaborate with very individually focused people.  The most enjoyable part of the job was working with a variety of people. ", " EY is a good place to develop yourself technically, personnally and socially. ", " Overall working in EY was a privilege for me as I developed as a manager there. With the support of my Executive Director and Partner, I was able to polish my leadership skills.  Further, working in a relatively unstable economic environment makes one feel like driving on a tough road, which presents with learning opportunities which are rarely presented elsewhere. ", " The people working at EY are some of the most intelligent and fast paced moving people I've ever worked with. Great company. ", " Enjoyee my work in Audit and Assuarance ,however wanted to move to industry and hence didnt continue for long ", " Stable job. Clear track to get ahead. Typical corporate culture (stiff) ", " Depends on the office, but overall a great place to work! Work Hard, Play Hard ", " That is very nice place to work along with different teams and people. People are very supportive and very helpful. Very good atmosphere to work in office. I learned different methods of Audit support and various techniques from learning hub. ", " Cannot recommend EY Advisory. The overall Advisory business in struggling in Canada. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is a very active place where I have met with a lot of clients in different areas of industries. This has helped me learn about the different standards and risky areas of the different industries. It also added to me how to deal with different people with different attitudes at both the clients' level and company level.  Management of EY is a cooperative management where its main concern is always its employees, who are the main assets of the firm through helping in the revenue generation process for the firm.  The job is not easy because an employee might be handling more than one client at the same time especially during the heavy season time. This might create some confusion and work pressure to the employee.  The most enjoyable part of the job is that it facilitates getting to know more people from different cultures through getting in touch with different clients. ", " It's a great place to learn from your boss as well as your peers. ", " Good team work with nice co-workers; Improvement of communication skills because of the daily communication with different clients. ", " There are too many unqualified and un-ethical people specially in the Tax department.  People are not paid as per the market standards and according to their qualification.  Even all the departments of the firm have too much variance regarding pay scales ", " A typical week: I assisted clients with planning, pursuing, delivering and managing large and complex full-life cycle initiatives. As well, I performed feasibility studies and risk-adjusted cost-benefit analyses, as well as participated in organizational planning, re-engineering and transformation initiatives (benefits management, program stakeholder management and program governance), including Information Technology (IT) programs and business transformation endeavors.   The hardest part of the job: If you are a home body, enjoy a normal commute to the same location, and value a work life balance than a big-four consulting firm will not be a good a career choice for you. ", " Day starts early, sometimes even at bed time when a mail requesting urgent action comes in on work phone. Depending on the project, I may either be required to work at client site and travel or can be based at head office or able to work from home if I am just working there is a need to work late, meet deadlines.  There is a lot of liaising, meeting, researching, analysing, reporting and creating hypothesis, graphs, charts and power point presentations.   Some days I might be working on business development work identifying ways to impress and pitch a client through slides as a response to a tender.  Occasionally I am required to collate databases for an internal piece around knowledge management.  Co-workers: There are most that are friendly and approachable to some that are acerbic. All strive for high quality work and look out for their clients and their own interests.  Hardest part of the job: assessment and deliverance of quality from various perspectives, communicating with a range of stakeholders and attempting to meet everyones' expectations. Most enjoyable part of the job: range of opportunities that different projects might provide. ", " Great environment, lots to learn, good work/life balance. ", " I love this job because I learned a lot.I have a good manager and a supportive senior who helped me to learn from the first day I started. ", " My work was in the audit department as an auditor. Working as part of a team on audit engagements performing analytical and audit testing procedures.planning and performing the audit procedures, preparing financial statements . "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " All about I did in EY, help to know something that i use in mi life every day. ", " At EY, we are committed to building a better working world \u2014 with increased trust and confidence in business, sustainable growth, development of talent in all its forms, and greater collaboration.  We want to build a better working world through our own actions and by engaging with like-minded organizations and individuals. This is our purpose \u2014 and why we exist as an organization.  Running through our organization is a strong sense of obligation to serve a number of different stakeholders who count on us to deliver quality and excellence in everything we do.  We want to use our global reach and scale to convene the conversation about the challenges facing economies and the capital markets.  When business works better, the world works better. ", " After I had my baby boy I was offered a redundant package and like a few of us that were offered this package and took It, I did take the package as well. EY is a great pace to be, they offer diversity and share culture. ", " Not the best working environment, I did not have the most supportive management and my co-workers were only looking out for their best interests. There was no teamwork. ", " Good Place to Work &amp; launch the career.  Big enough for consulting experience.  one of the top 50 companies to work for. ", " Every day is a new day, always learning something new.  Lots of work so am never bored.  Have learned tons of new technologies.  Gives me ample opportunity to use my strengths.  Challenges my weaknesses.  I very much enjoy and highly respect my co-workers including my 5 Partner/Principals and other executive assistants and others I work with on a daily basis.  Hardest part of the job is constant change when it's not always warranted. I love learning new things and improving the way things operate but, \"if it aint broke\" as the saying goes ...  I love the people I work with.  Lots of super smart, generous and spirited people that I can laugh with often but get down to the hard work together every day. ", " Company fully committed to growing young staff and provide all the necessary tools for the employees success. ", " Large, well run global company with smart colleagues working on important problems. ", " Lots of work to be done. Little to no work/life balance. Some people are allowed to slack off while others are overworked. Good place to start your career and build your resume ", " While working at EY, I learned much about my skill sets, attributes and how far my dedication work principles and teamwork were strengths of mine. On a day to day basis, I maintained heavy client contact, and developed my time management skills after being placed on an 'At-Risk' client to secure their account to upcoming renewal. The hardest part of my job was doubting myself and potential when dealing with state regulations, DOL policies; however, through collaboration with leadership, I was able to make decisions on my own and handle the client relationship without direct supervision.  The most enjoyable part of my position at EY was the relationship that I developed with many of my corporate clients and their local and regional leaders. I was education on the Human Resource policy wiring and review which I found satisfaction in due to my passion for learning and improvement. ", " a typical day at work would be coordinating with clients and staff, conducting team planning events and to formulate the audit strategy review the audit working paper of the staff assigned and performing audit procedure and testing the internal controls of the client assigned preparing conclusion documents such as audit strategy memorandum, management letter and financial statements under IFRS  During the course of several audit engagements where I have performed and learned the following:   how to coordinate with the client preparing budget for the engagement assessing the independence of the audit engagement. Performing test of controls on accounting cycles such as revenue, payroll, purchases, cash receipts and disbursements. Performing audit procedure based on the risk based audit strategy on all line items of statement of financial position and statement of comprehensive income.  Preparing conclusion documents such as ISA 260 letter, Management letter, overall financial analytical review and financial statement based on IFRS.  EY is one of the largest accounting, audit and advisory firm and its management is professional and have maintained high integrity all over the world.  EY has a friendly environment and have enjoyed my tenure.   Long working hours which compelled me to sometimes compromise my personal life  Most enjoyable part was to work with different nature of clients and industries. ", " You may not have the flexibility in choosing the project or manager you want, but the overall culture is collaborative. Working style depends on teams and leaders. ", " customer strategy and operations with nationwide presence ", " Great learning, but poor work life balance. You have to have a strong sponsor for progression. ", " Time management, Double Shifts work, Co-workers are friendly and cooperative. ", " EY gives interesting possibilities for increasing professional experience. You learn every day to communicate with different people as well as knew insights of valuation methods. Then you have a reach databases with useful information. As a  rule you work in a team and sometimes it is difficult to orginise people together. ery often you should conduct quite a lot of work? often unnecessary, in little time. It irritates ", " Excellent work life balance. great on the job coaching and feedback ", " As soon as I arrived at the office I fix my coffee and turned on my computer while the coffee is preparing I check my email and if it is necessary I replied them. After my breakfast, I work straight 2 hours and take 10mins break. At 12:30pm I eat my lunch and I get back to work at 1:30pm. I leave from the office at 5:30pm. What I learned is if I have a new idea I have to share with the colleagues. In terms of management is ok. I wish it could be better. My co-workers are friendly and cooperative. The hardest part of the job is sometimes the lack of imagination. However, the most enjoyable part of the job when I realized what I suppose to do the day. ", " Management truly have a passion to coach and develop the employees to be promoted within the company. ", " EY is a great company to begin your accounting career. It provides valuable experience that will make you a knowledgeable accountant. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " My typical day at work .focuses more on the day to day running of the administration. What. I have Learned to be a team player and to take full responsibility and to be professional at my work. Management .To be manager and be able to manager at the same time professionally. To be able at all times to work with mu co -workers regardless of the work volume. ", " I was lucky enough to have worked with one of the biggest audit/consulting firm.The culture,work quality and growth opportunities add to the brand EY and its visibility. ", " The atmosphere at EY is like no other firm, the ambience and friendliness of the people really attracted me to work here and will hopefully like to go back one day. ", " Nature of work has a steep learning curve in which one is exposed to great learning on the ground. It also equips one with the skills to manage expectations from different key stakeholders and the ability to deliver quality work through effective and efficient learning. New changes in methodologies, accounting standards, projects have always challenged one to increase capacity for learning. A great place to interact and work with different people and enjoyable colleagues/team mates to work with. ", " Has great mentors and peer advisers to help you learn and get you adjusted.Learned how to work with Visio, Excel, SQL, and Axure. Prepares you to work with many different stakeholders. ", " I work from 4pm until the 11-25 Workstations are done Migrating, that usually ranges from about 3-7am Monday - Thursday. Problems with the scripting process that usually get resolved quickly after coming into contact with them. ", " a typical day at work would be coordinating with clients and staff, conducting team planning events and to formulate the audit strategy review the audit working paper of the staff assigned and performing audit procedure and testing the internal controls of the client assigned preparing conclusion documents such as audit strategy memorandum, management letter and financial statements under IFRS  During the course of several audit engagements where I have performed and learned the following:   how to coordinate with the client preparing budget for the engagement assessing the independence of the audit engagement. Performing test of controls on accounting cycles such as revenue, payroll, purchases, cash receipts and disbursements. Performing audit procedure based on the risk based audit strategy on all line items of statement of financial position and statement of comprehensive income.  Preparing conclusion documents such as ISA 260 letter, Management letter, overall financial analytical review and financial statement based on IFRS.  EY is one of the largest accounting, audit and advisory firm and its management is professional and have maintained high integrity all over the world.  EY has a friendly environment and have enjoyed my tenure.   Long working hours which compelled me to sometimes compromise my personal life  Most enjoyable part was to work with different nature of clients and industries. ", " EY is one of an awesome place for learning and personal development.  By working at EY I have learned how to develop better working relation with colleagues and clients and how to be time efficient.  EY is the place where people and employees development comes first. ", " It is a great company to start your career with. You are introduced to multiple industry experts who are truly concerned with your career development and progression. Furthermore, you get exposure to various industries and as you take on more responsibility you are given the ability to diversify your experiences and develop a niche. ", " micromanagement and too much work, expectations unreal, I especially didn't like that I had to work with many managers on a daily basis and all of them had different requests for the same processes and they would change their requests all the time for the same subject matter and would blame on the employee, very poor management ", " I learned a lot about accounting, consulting, and client management at EY. Face to face client interaction on a daily basis. Clients were exciting and varied across a range of industries. No two clients were alike so there is continuous learning.  The workforce is a younger crowd, which is nice ", " I graduated from Transilvania University in 2013, Brasov a Bachelor\u2019s in Psychology. I am serious and responsbile, and moreover I am empathetic, I pay attention to details, communicative and organised. I believe the abovementioned skills and qualities, recommand me for this position I belive it would make me a perfect fit for this position.  During the college, I attended  self development courses through psihodrama method and I worked as an intern at a kindergarden in Wien. After graduating my bachelors studies, I continued my studies with Master on: Organisational Psychology and the Management of Human Resources, Bucharest University.  From 1st of December to 1st of March, I attended to Erasmus for young entreprenour with a business plan. This internship was in Wien. My most recent achivement is publishig an article named Adjustment to First Year of College \u2013 Relations among Self-perception, Trust, Mastery and Alienation in Procedia - Social and Behavioral Sciences. From 30th March, I am an intern at Ernst &amp; Young, in HR Department. This internship will end on 30th June. My main responsabilities are screening Resumes on Taleo and scheduale candidates on interviews. ", " - Being responsible for the maintenance of the filing range - Collecting files and paperwork twice daily and returning them to filing range - Dealing with client queries regarding files and companies - Assisting manager with daily tasks such as office maintenance and general admin duties  - Keeping statistics up to date on a daily basis ", " Day starts early, sometimes even at bed time when a mail requesting urgent action comes in on work phone. Depending on the project, I may either be required to work at client site and travel or can be based at head office or able to work from home if I am just working there is a need to work late, meet deadlines.  There is a lot of liaising, meeting, researching, analysing, reporting and creating hypothesis, graphs, charts and power point presentations.   Some days I might be working on business development work identifying ways to impress and pitch a client through slides as a response to a tender.  Occasionally I am required to collate databases for an internal piece around knowledge management.  Co-workers: There are most that are friendly and approachable to some that are acerbic. All strive for high quality work and look out for their clients and their own interests.  Hardest part of the job: assessment and deliverance of quality from various perspectives, communicating with a range of stakeholders and attempting to meet everyones' expectations. Most enjoyable part of the job: range of opportunities that different projects might provide. ", " Days can range from CRAZY BUSY to a slow pace when not tax time. Learned to give your best each day - bring a positive attitude and a can do attitude to work Good management Friendly coworkers Doing back up jobs on a regular basis Being the hub of the wheel and meeting deadlines. ", " Fun work place with supportive management. You are surrounded by bright people; the work is meaningful and challenging ", " A typical day at work: perform audit procedures, review working papers, communicate and coordinate with clients, team members and other departments, manage projects, and ect.  I have learned from the job:  basic principles and knowledge of accounting and auditing; project management; communication skills with different people. ", " I enjoyed my time in such a wonderful organization. It's fully professional firm with excellent career opportunities. ", " Worked as a recruiting coordinator for the campus area of recruiting. Very enthusiastic management. Learned all about recruiting interns from colleges. Co-workers were great.  Everyone really worked well together. High level of energy, especially when the potential interns came in. ", "  \tResponsible for the entire billing process for the Human Capital Tax Group   \tProduced Work-In-Process reports, review data with Client Serving Executives based on a weekly schedule   \tReview and analyze data in Excel and produce necessary attachments in client requested format to accompany the invoice "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Work/life balance is a big problem but otherwise its a great place to learn and jump start your career. ", "  \tUnderstanding the business of the entity, identification of risks involved, assessment of  the risks and develop an audit strategy to mitigate those risks.  \tUnderstanding and documentation of significant class of transactions (business cycles), evaluation and test (validation) of accounting and internal control systems.  \tLiaison with client's management and communication of relevant matters to persons at appropriate level of responsibility.  \tPreparation of audit reports in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA) and assisting clients in preparation of consolidated financial statements along with related disclosures in accordance with the applicable financial reporting framework.  \tIdentifying and resolving accounting and audit issues, and for seeking executive involvement, as necessary.  \tSummarizing and documentation of audit issues for the attention of the engagement manager and engagement partner as well.  \tAdherence to fundamental principles of professional ethics and complying with EY documentation and quality control standards.  \tCoaching, supervising and helping my colleagues in handling their work through on-job training. ", " Aspirational, target driven.  Aggressive plans to grow globally and enter new service areas. ", " Working as Dev Lead for one of the agile development teams as part of the EY Canvas project. The project is following Dakibo Agile methodology with three week sprints. \uf0b7 The tool is going to be used by the EY auditors globally and it will have 25K users \uf0b7 Responsible for managing the development and support for my team including people management, recruitment and resource assessment ", " Great work life balance and people culture. The firm does invest a lot in its employees and management truly cares about staff's work-life balance. The work is challenging but you always have support from very bright people around you. Coaching is a big thing in EY culture and management stress it from time to time. There is a true sense of comradery in the firm. ", " Typical day at work (depending on time of year) - Typing for four managers and the team, all QRM, drafting engagement letters, liaising closely with the QRM Director.  Using company database for money laundering, adding new clients and contacts to the firms Database and adding all new agreed work to the same system.  Submitting tax returns using AlphaTax/Citrix.  Liaising with office in India re. work load and fees that needed to be raised.  Working one day a week in the Reading office.   Co-workers were brilliant, management up front and organised a meeting with the Senior Partner at least once a year to find out what was going on with the company.  Arranging for the opening of new codes with the Finance Assistant and drafting ERP adjustment forms.  Bi-monthly meetings with the managers to ensure that their billing targets were met. ", " Upper management has no consistency in management methods or culture. They've created hostile work environments for employees, including verbal abuse, derogatory terms and demotivating speech. ", " varied job role learning different parts of how the business runs on a day to day basis. i learned how to be proactive and to take on projects and tasks. hardest part of job was to learn all 8 different databases and systems. most enjoyable was the team , management and events they held within the company. ", " Advancement is slow, salaries are low especially compared to hours worked, raises are low despite record growth. ", " Nice place to work with, learn and skill development and improvement. ", " - Audit and assurance business - Vast client portfolio - Multiple areas of work - Tough reporting deadlines ", " the best organization to work in and to pool the knowledge base of the accountant in the field, ", " the company has a good reputation but salaries and career advancement are not as good as in other consulting companies ", " A typical day at work could be describe as a day starting by answering emails, then preparing a tax return in a software designe exclusively for that job. Or making the changes to some tax return requiered by one of the reviewers, or signers.  It was interesting to learned this type of job, because I live in Buenos Aires, Argentina; the least that I expected was to ever work preparing an US tax return, work with a huge team. It's great to be able to meet people from around the world, because we have coaches that came from US and India. It becames difficult during busy season, this is the time when we have to work more than 10 hours in order to fulfill the deadlines. But even so it's a great experience. ", " Great place to learn how to manage people, processes, and technology to enbable business. ", " Work side by side with partners, great experience, best workplace culture I've been a part of. ", " Friendly Culture On job Training Team Management Secondment program for further professional development Pressure Handling ", " In the Core Business Services department, you know what the end result should be and are allowed to make your own path to achieve that.  Your day\u2019s are focused on what the priorities are for that day, which you will determine, but keep in mind external forces or partner requests will take priority over your daily goals.  A lot of what you learn is self-taught along without guidance to the resources that are available to you.  Building relationships among those who are in your same group is the best and fastest way to learn the ropes at EY.  Most of the marketing efforts trickle down from national making your job easier in some ways, but more often than not, arrive at the last minute before deadlines.  The hardest part of the job is going through the approval process from leadership who wants to be involved and independence.  Once you build relationships, EY is a great place to work as long as you realize it\u2019s not a 9-5 job. ", " Excellent school Techniques flowless Travel was exciting ", " Had a great time . Perfect Work culture with equal importance to all employees. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Fantastic company but now time to find something closer to home ", " good working atmosphere. learning  lesser pay. challanging ", " Provide IT and Business process consulting to Fortune 500 clients.  Learned application development in Lotus Notes.  Management was great.  Co workers were very friendly and respectful.  Hardest part of my job was dealing with harsh Chicago winters.  The most enjoyable part of my job was interacting with clients. ", " I was given an incredible opportunity to work for this company.  My management/supervisors/co-workers - great, job &amp; benefits - the best! ", " Balanced Team at Management level. Intensive work Pressurizing Deadlines Supportive Bosses ", " I completed my training contract with Ernst &amp; Young Inc. and loved every moment of it.  I learned  a lot more than I ever expected when I initially started to work for Ernst &amp; Young Inc., fresh out of University in 2012.  My experiences are very positive and enjoyable.  I got the opportunity to work on Listed and Non-Listed Companies.    I was exposed to the business systems and processes of Mines, Insurance, Retail and Manufacturing Companies.  I would like to use the experiences and skills that I have learned at Ernst &amp; Young Inc. on my future engagements. ", " Good place to work but most of IT operations have been moved or outsourced ", " The benefits are really good. There are excellent employees and I made a lot of friends. ", " - Being responsible for the maintenance of the filing range - Collecting files and paperwork twice daily and returning them to filing range - Dealing with client queries regarding files and companies - Assisting manager with daily tasks such as office maintenance and general admin duties  - Keeping statistics up to date on a daily basis ", " EY is a very good place work in. EY support their employees by providing training and very good experience.  They support the Flexible Work Arrangement (FWA) which makes it easy for people to work flexibly.  However the salary and benefits doesn't match the market in the UAE ", " EY has provided me with a great foundation to apply to the rest of my life. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is one of the top 4 accounting firms in the United States. In this position, your ultimate goal is to help clients save money on their tax account. You are not inputting numbers or anything of sorts, you are just processing paper work and hoping the state would make a decision in favor of your client.   A typical day at work as a Customer Support Administrator means you are processing unemployment claims for clients. The process is time consuming and a bit challenging because you have short deadlines. You have to keep up with state regulations as well because the requirements to process some of the claims vary by state. If you like variety in your daily tasks, this isn't the position for you. You process claims, appeal unfavorable state decisions, and sometimes partake in telephone hearings with your clients. This is what you do for each and every client you are assigned.   Co-workers get along easily and are willing to help when necessary. You are expected to help others meet their deadline when you have met yours and have some bandwidth.   You have an hour paid lunch daily with great benefits e.g. dental, vision, etcetera. The  firm is very big on community work and will often partake in events such as March of Dimes, Heart Walk, and so on.   The firm does offer some form of tuition reimbursement to accountants or people in that line of work. ", " Great Career Workplace to excell in straight out of college. The team I worked with was a great unit. ", " Contract work as a senior auditor.   Worked during busy season. ", " Rogers Communications Inc. has a great office location, provided a competitive salary and created a wonderful job culture. ", " Very productive and excellent place to work . Lots of learning opportunities to develop and enhance the knowledge base and career. ", " LOVE THIS JOB. LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT IT ! EVERYTHING JUST WORKS THERE. ", " There were many opportunities for growth at JP Morgan Chase. It was highly encourage by upper management. ", " Typical day at work would be logging into computer/database and oversee all incoming requests by client servers. Process all incoming tax returns and ship out to IRS Agency.  I learned to manage my own projects. communication, work together as a team, make executive decisions and work under pressure.  Co-workers were amazing, very dependable and generous to work with, all had great positive attitude.  In essence the job itself was not hard, the only challenging thing was to make sure that all the work got done in a timely manner.  The most enjoyable part of my job would have been working with great co-workers. Good co-workers make it very comfortable to work with. ", " When engagements gets wrapped up. Learned to strive for efficiency &amp; effectiveness. Management is good. Co-workers are excellent. Hardest part of the job, is when you clarify the risk of the practical grounds to the top management. Most enjoyable part of the job, is the same as mentioned above. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", "  \tReengineered the process for importing data files from various locations, which reduced the processing time taken by about 70%.  \tCaptured and formatted financial statements of 90+ Fortune companies belonging to13 different industries from the SEC EDGAR database.   \tGathered XBRL based Business Requirements for developing intelligent financial Accounting agent.  \tAuthored System Requirements document, Use Case Specifications, Systems Requirement Specification (SRS), System Requirement Change Request, Data Dictionary along with the technical staff and developers.  \tDeveloped Business Model (data/object/network/process) describing future state to-be environment.  \tSupported and assisted Developers (JAVA, JSP) and QA in developing Quality Control (QC) test plans and test scripts, as well as supporting and assisting clients in all testing phases through UAT.  \tMonitored all milestones, SOP\u2019s and project statistics, such as defect rate and severity of the project.  \tReported defects in a defect tracking system with the use of an extensive XBRL taxonomy, communicated the defects to the developers and/or included it in the systems limitation report.  \tConducted systems evaluation, submitted the system maintenance/ enhancement/ scalability reports and systems limitation reports as the final deliverable.  \tProject results were submitted for consideration at the 35th annual Hawaiian International Conference on Systems Sciences.  \tAchieved an increased understanding and standardization of XML based reporting tools.  \tResponsible for developing the XBRL Repository for the XML ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> based applications.  \tExperienced in strategic and efficient management of personnel and financial resources, leveraging managed-services, ensuring timely execution and integrity of division-wide reporting, leading risk and controls function for projects and production environments.  \tConducted JAD/DRP sessions to create solution alternatives &amp; Assessments and served as the key analytical member in formulating systems scope and objectives relative to the groups' / organization's business plan, strategy and industry requirements.    \tRecognized and defined all systems impacts and API code changes.  \tLead the effort in migrating from Legacy environment to BEA Web Logic 7 application server.  \tDesigned and developed XML based code changes to the XML parser.  \tDeveloped and executed test cases for systems testing and User Interface Acceptance testing.  \tReviewed Design documents, Requirements analysis specifications and EJB calls with the Project Lead, Business owners and the Technical Lead.  \tManaged Change Control Requests (CCR) and updated the scope with the new changes.  \tHelped Data Architect to understand the business requirements to create the database models and resolve the data migration issues. ", " Exposed to significant accounting functions where I gained hands on experience dealing with complex situations. ", " Positive and Efficient. IT Audit with financial clients. IT general control. Advisory Work. Project Management. ", " Work is interesting but culture is skewed towards working long hours by default and very little meritocracy. ", " Internship as a market research assistant. Internship was done while i was still in university to gain experience and start getting ready to move to the business world. I was in the financial advisory services and worked closely on a privatization project for Saudi Airlines ", " This internship truly helped to show me how theories that are learned in school are applied in real life situations.  It was interesting to see how internal controls are applied and work throughout a company.  Interacting with clients and co-workers was very fun and it showed how they work together when auditing a firm to help make improvements and correct deficiencies. ", " Typical day at work This is often field work at a Client assignment usually external audits.  What i learnt Team work and team building skills. Obtained excellent project management skills.  Management Progression within the system is exciting and one starts as a junior until leading the whole audit team as a senior, then management and Partner. Management offered mentorship programmes and had an open door policy. Encouraged sharing of sticky issues to do with clients assignment.  Co-workers Co-workers comprised management and junior member of staff. It was exciting to offer training to junior staff and receive guidance from Management and Partnership on all assignments.  Hardest part of the job Tight reporting deadlines if the team is not appropriately staffed and the client does not give conclusive evidence.  Most enjoyable part of the job Planning stage of the audit. This was very critical and ensured that the project is managed within the agreed timelines. ", " I enjoyed learning how to do tax preparations. The atmosphere was very uplifting and so professional. ", " The Partners, Principals, Vice-Presidents, and Associates were a great group to work for.   My co-workers were ready and able to assist me with time sensitive projects, as I was ready to assist them.  I really enjoyed the variety of mandates which kept your interest in various projects. ", " A typical day at work is fast pace, busy, must meet deadlines, lots of urgent request, and multi-tasking, I am a project manager for each project that I pick up, excellent team members and they are always willing to assist, there is really no hard part to the job and the most enjoyable part is working with wonderful people ", " Good company.  In the Philippines so irrelevant to job searches in Canada ", " EY is the best place for a young professional to learn and taking large responsibilities. Great opportunity of personal growth. ", " EY Bahrain employs more than 500 employees and lead  audit teams and managing clients in the Assurance and Advisory Business Service of EY in the Islamic Banking Group. The work entails managing client relationships on an ongoing basis, performing reviews on the adequacy of the control environment, meeting statutory and regulatory reporting ", " Great experience very demanding job long term job security bad financial package ", " You really need to utilize your mulit-tasking skill there, since you could be on multiple projects with different teams at the same time. The coworkers I met in  EY are really friendly and professional, most of the time, we can bond with each other and finish the work together smoothly. ", " 9-6 time to deal with personal stuff if no tasks required  routine work  nice people time pressure sometimes ", " The best thing about EY are the people who work there. Good career opportunities. ", " Job was consistantly busy, which I liked. Loved my peer's and my job duties. Compensation was accurate to our work load. Management did not have their team's best interest, when it came to stress, work load or anything else. I could not rely on my management team to help me, guide me or help me be successful at my position. ", " My first ever job after my Bachelors was in no way lacking in assignments, experience and mentors. Great assignments meant a steep learning curve.  During the off peak season, work would be light and routine. However the real work would being after the financial reporting period where the amount of work would considerably increase.  I got to work on a wide range of assignments during my tenure of almost 18 months with the company and I can safely say that after more than 4 years of leaving the job, I still feel the knowledge gained is helping me in my further studies and jobs. ", " Work starts at 7:45am, checking server room, air cons, and data back ups. Attending to help desk calls and communicating with team members located in other offices. I have have gained a lot of knowledge from interacting with personnel from different backgrounds and cultures, and how to work as an effecting integrated team. Management always encourages us to put that extra effort so that we all succeed. As for my co-workers, they are fun to work with, they ask interesting IT questions all the time and I am always willing to answer their inquiries.   The hardest part of the job is when I am working with a tight on-line deadline and there is network outage, or when I am not provided with the proper tool to do my job effectively.  The most enjoyable part of the job is when management decides to take everyone out for a treat or performing some outside recreational activities such as sport. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Quality of work is very good. The global and regional integration and resource sharing gives the company a unique edge. Management is cooperative and accessible. Sometimes I had to work more than 20 hours, but the level of responsibility and trust the management has on its seniors made the task challenging and fun. ", " Ernst and Young is a terrific company that provides a clear path to promotions and career development.  An outstanding company. ", " I enjoy working at EY. The work/life balance is valued here. People are always willing to help when you need it. I have been here over 7 years and, so far, have no desire to leave. ", " Worked for EY twice, Great training. Can't beat the Big 4 Consulting Experience ", " Good experience within EY Transaction Advisory Services, learned a lot about M&amp;A integration and separation programs. ", " a typical day at work - Good  what you learned - Consulting management - Good your co-workers - Good the hardest part of the job - Extensive travel - but i liked it.  the most enjoyable part of the job - Meeting new people almost every new project ", " Enjoyed every minute of it, Very good company with great wrk life balance and offers a very competitive package ", " I learned how to intearct with clients, a lot about BPM and agile develpment. Also how to work really hard.  Also I meet really nice and smart people, that was the best. ", " My time at Ernst &amp; Young was enjoyable.  Every day brought a new adventure.  My role as an Executive Assistant was challenging and fulfilling.  I worked with a great group of people including some AWESOME partners and Executives.  The hardest part of the job was leaving. ", " Worked on multiple teams and was fortunate enough to work with a great group of people. Which I still maintain connections with. I learned a variety of different software applications and was able to gather more knowledge in other areas. ", " A typical day at work begins with me doing my morning routines. These include checking the server room environment (Temperature), checking that all servers are up and running, checking that all systems are running and that our link is up and running, checking the backup power systems and ensuring that the U.P.S is charging and that the generators are running.  I have learnt that building a career is a rigorous task and it is something that is not achieved in a short space of time but through hard work and diligence. It is not a sprint but a marathon.  The managment is always keen to hear our views on the day to day happenings in the office wheter good or bad. They also encourage office synergy by promoting social functions that allow staff to get to know one another  My co-workers are a brilliant bunch. We may disagree as all humans do but there is no begrudging mentality and everyone is willing to chip in to assist a fellow workmate in his/her time of need. They are a sociall lot and enjoy mingling with each other.  The hardest part of the job is when critical work needs to be done and I have very limited resources. This tends to make the job quite dificult indeed.  I enjoy assisting my clients and them acknowledging my inptut towards them completing their tasks. ", " Good brand, easily identifiable. Good reputation  Flexible working  Significant growth plans  Great clients  Difficult working structure ", " Work is good but travel is the key. To move up you also have to sell work which can be challenging at times, otherwise a nice place to work. ", " In the hard world of consulting, EY is at the forefront of remaining visible and competitive.  Hard driving and demanding in terms of time committment ", " I have worked fot his company for 4 years and the thing I like the most is that it is never boring. You will always have something different to do there, always something new to learn, and the people you work with, they make the whole package a win-win situation.  Best place to work. ", " Good environment to grow up with and a strong people culture. Successful employees learn to deal with very heavy demands and seek some balance, which is very difficult at times. ", " During my assurance internship, I experienced three business trips including cities like Shanghai, Wuxi and Wujiang. From working in three different companies, I recognized how the working would be like as  assurance accountants. I assisted managers casting and vouching the accounts of our clients. I prepared several working papers including Cash and Fixed Assets. I really enjoy work with different teams and switch my characteristics when dealing with different colleagues. the hardest part of the job must be carefulness. Assurance need to be focused a lot with numbers and can not bear for negligence. ", " I learned a lot of things during my internship. I communicated better and held responsibilities for my team (seniors) and myself. I used and learned how to use the excel spreadsheet like a pro. it is a great working environment to be in. ", " They pay lip service to entrepreneurial initiatives and intellectual stimulation. If you are passionate about project management, this may be the place for you though. ", " For a public accounting firm, this place has a very strong culture, and the folks are hard working and dedicated. They are dedicated to inclusion, and support their people. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " I gained valuable work experience at EY. I worked across 3 jurisdictions, and learnt good time and project management skills. I learnt to use my discretion, make sound judgements, and balance different opinions and points of view. Management was fair. I build strong and valuable relationships with my colleagues. The hardest part of my job, is that I worked in a small team, and often by myself. The most enjoyable part was the fact that I felt part of a wider EY team and interacted with all the teams and Service Lines. ", " Great teamwork and learning was exponential. However, busy season seemed to be 3/4 of the year, which made it hard to balance work/life. ", " I have worked on annual audit, IPO audit, SFC compliance audit, and other assurance engagements such as Banking Return Review, Operational Audit Review etc.   I learnt management skill in EY.For some medium size engagements, I am in charge of the field work, guide, delegate, and review the work of junior team members. I also monitor the engagement team against the budget and time line. ", " EY does not care about its people.  You are treated like factory workers with no education or technical skills. Do not apply to the Financial Services Office, specifically AML -- it is horrible!  Do not believe anything they tell you on the job interview.  It is all lies and when you try to address any of your concerns, you are quickly blacklisted and given engagements with long commute (3-6 hours roundtrip daily!) or insane hours!  No work-life balance, no respect for its employees!!!  Apply to Deloitte -- I'm sure it has a better practice! ", " Typical day was reviewing marketing needs for the Partners of the firm, getting them promotional sporting tickets in time to invite clients and make it to the game. I maintained the marketing database. I coordinated the Entrepreneur of the Year event at the local hotel, including food organization, writing articles for the Denver Business Journal.   What I liked about this position was the engagement in the marketing side of the business, connecting to the people. What I didn't like was the lack of direction given by my Marketing Director, with expectations and no explanation. The office had a culture that didn't work for me. ", " With a bouquet of administrative things handled my previous one gave me immense pleasure in organising programs self handedly.  Arranged for free health camps to check 700 employees BP, Diabetes, Blood count. Took up many measure weekly to ensure they think about their health and reduce their stress.   I was in charge of arranging free bus transport to pick up employees from home to work, this area was 10 kms distance from office to residences of employees. Employees concentrated staying in the city and hence this plan was successful and appreciated by everyone. Dubai summer which crosses 50 deg celcius, smaller bus shuttled from parking area to office, a radius of 5 kms once every hour. Even the higher management would use the bus to avoid walking in the scortching Dubai heat.   Hardest part of the job was to reconcile the medical  insurance plan for all employees. I had spotted 17 cases that were reduntant and premium for those were being paid even after the employees resigned a year back.   Management gave us opportunity to manage drivers, I chaired the committee to hear their complaints and bring out solutions for their better professional career. Organised a sponsored body check up for drivers to ensure they are not suffering any disease to ensure they are capable of driving the top management bosses for long distances every day for meetings. Also encouraged them to participate in jobs out of their profile like helping around in a conference with distribution of pamplets, helping reception in delivering couriers, collection of cheques and cash from banks.   I enjoyed ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> to organise new plans for employees, we took on responsibility after HR department hired them. Organised 15 day hotel stay for every expat arriving in Dubai. Negotiated and made yearly contracts with hotels. 3 month hotel stay was organised for employees on secondment. Rooms were alloted as per their job title.   Above is the short summary of the enjoyable things I did in Ernst &amp; Young Dubai Branch.   References can given on request.   Regards  Sonal ", " Working for more than one job -client- is the hardest part but it helped  me out a lot. It improved my time management and multi tasking skills. ", " In all the years I have learnt that good communication within team members lead to better results with both your peers and upper management. I personnaly cherish the working relationship environment where every team member feel free to contribute their ideas. the management style allows every team members to be involved and feel to be part of the bigger team. ", " Very professional services firm. High standards of quality and accuracy. ", " I engaged in this job after I acquired my accounting degree.  This is E&amp;Y's Chinese head office which allocated in the centre of China's capital city-- Beijing.  From the time of being an auditing apprentice, I found auditors in Chinese is extremely busy. But influenced by E&amp;Y's enterprise culture, everyone in the team enjoy the daily work, and the task allocation and its time management make them feel their job is meaningful.  The three month work in E&amp;Y provide me a window to international accounting firms, and which enhanced my willing to be an export in this career. ", " Extremely professional environment providing breadth and depth of experience for qualifying CAs Varied client experience across all industries Very collaborative people environment Stellar IT environment ", " EY is a decent company to start your career especially in accounting. I have had experience working on multiple engagements and the executives are experienced. Overall positive work experience. ", " Ernst &amp; Young has played a detrimental role in my development as a professional accountant by providing me with an opportunity to work on a diversified portfolio of clients.   I have been able to work both individually and in a team in most cases dealing directly with top level management at the client and executives at the firm. I have greatly enhanced by team working capabilities and have also made significant strides in playing the role of a mentor for all my junior staff.   The nature of the work would usually entail highlighting and conducting a client risk assessment which would have a material impact on the company's financial statements. As part of the process, using the appropriate audit techniques and procedures to mitigate the risk and bring it down to an acceptable level. Where the risk impact is material and cannot be mitigated, informing the audit executives of the underlying risk and its potential impact on the financial statements. As part of the work, I have dealt with complex transactions such as loan refinancing, financial instruments. and incorporated the same as part of the final report to the executives and in the year end financial statements.   I have very good working knowledge of MS word, excel and power point along with ERP systems such as Tally, SAP, Great Plains, etc.   Due to the nature of the job, it has been difficult to strike a work life balance which I feel is something that I would look closely for in any of my future employers. I do not avoid hard work but I truly believe that striking a balance would be more productive for an employer ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> in the long run. ", " INITIAL CAREER UPTO MIDDLE MANAGEMENT LEVEL TRAINING.  4 YEARS OF EXTENSIVE TRAINING WITH AUDIT OF VARIOUS CLIENTS (LOCAL &amp; INTERNALTIONAL).  MANAGEMENT &amp; CO-WORKERS: SUPPORTIVE ", " good working for the company. Learned alot.  \tEstablished working relationships with client personnel  \tPerformed analytical review of audit documents, analyzed data using forecast methods   \tReviewed client accounting and operating procedures  \tPrepared financial statements reports and documentation supporting Ernst &amp; Young audit opinions ", " The EY experience is a lot stimulating. My typical working day  is located by the clients headquarter where i carry out PMO activities. I supported my customers not only for processes analysis or functional analysis but also in to daily activities such as meeting planning or recap. ", " I've had a great experience here, since it makes you grow more than technical skills. EY encourages interpersonal growth, in order to provide excellence as client service professional. ", " It is a great place to work. I have only worked at Ernst &amp; young and have had a great learning experience thre. ", " Benefits are great. Not sure about management. There seems to be a disconnect in terms of dept growth. Management is not transparent in their approach to change as well as employee retention. ", " During my time at EY I learnt the skills in order to manage and organise an office in order for it to be a comfortable working environment for the employees. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " I will spend a typical day working as a team to achieve clients engagement objectoves. I had to learn each time to have an understanding of the managment principle for various clients. The hardest part of my job was the fact that I had to work in french which was not my primary language. The most enjoyable part was the fact that despite the differences in language, I ended up creating a cordial relationship among my co-workers and our clients as well. The challenges faced each day ended up being a good learning process for me. ", " The work life balance that is promised is near impossible to achieve. Due to the different dynamics of teams some teams just work 24/7 and employees end up being paid less than min wage. ", " I started to work in Ernst&amp;Young. It was a great place to start working because I had the best training. Even though the job sometimes was very intensive, I enjoyed to be able to learn and improve my knowledge. The job environment was great, many young people, well trained and helpful. The hardest part was the difficulties to become a partner in the firm. The most enjoyable part of the job was the international environment in the firm. ", " I love the work life balance this company offers.  The people I work with are awesome.  Everyday I learn something new and I have been here for a while! ", " A typical day at work begins with me doing my morning routines. These include checking the server room environment (Temperature), checking that all servers are up and running, checking that all systems are running and that our link is up and running, checking the backup power systems and ensuring that the U.P.S is charging and that the generators are running.  I have learnt that building a career is a rigorous task and it is something that is not achieved in a short space of time but through hard work and diligence. It is not a sprint but a marathon.  The managment is always keen to hear our views on the day to day happenings in the office wheter good or bad. They also encourage office synergy by promoting social functions that allow staff to get to know one another  My co-workers are a brilliant bunch. We may disagree as all humans do but there is no begrudging mentality and everyone is willing to chip in to assist a fellow workmate in his/her time of need. They are a sociall lot and enjoy mingling with each other.  The hardest part of the job is when critical work needs to be done and I have very limited resources. This tends to make the job quite dificult indeed.  I enjoy assisting my clients and them acknowledging my inptut towards them completing their tasks. ", " Excellent place to work for advisory/strategy work, client management, and engagement management type of work. Great for folks with technical and non-technical background.  Get to work with the smartest people in the industry and leadership has a open door policy. ", " team working environment, best thing was no difference between any one, good management behavior, MS office, Advance software, good reputation of company ", " E&amp;Y is a great place to work. I have worked here for more than 10 years and I am ready for a change. The management has been great. I don't have any issues with anyone. I have met and worked with some very nice people over the years. ", " Friendly Culture On job Training Team Management Secondment program for further professional development Pressure Handling ", " EY is overall a great company with talented people, challenging work/projects and a culture of trying to help people get where they want to be. ", " Fun work place with supportive management. You are surrounded by bright people; the work is meaningful and challenging ", " I am currently a Consultant for Ernst &amp; Young in their Financial Services Advisory Practice where I have delivered major projects for Banks and Government Institutions in Europe and Africa. I possess a Masters in Finance, strong language skills and good experience working as an analyst at both the UN in New York and for the Portuguese Ministry of Economics in Lisbon. I believe that my ability to assimilate facts quickly, establish priorities and solve problems through the analysis of complex data plus my broad international experience dealing with governmental and supranational organisations can be of immediate value.  Recent successful projects for Ernst &amp; Young include the development and implementation of internal control and risk management frameworks for an African Central Bank, and the design and construction of a budget department for an African Ministry of Finance. Both of these high profile projects required that I rapidly establish a detailed understanding of complex organisations with multiple stakeholders and priorities. The solutions were subject to scrutiny by international bodies such as the IMF and were delivered on time and to budget meeting approval from internal and external review. ", " Great place to start your career. It all depends on the team you end-up working with. My typical day varied every week depending on the projects. ", " cosy environment. Long working hours. Unclear expactations ", " My daily work is to prepare the bank confirmation request and to collaborate with other auditors during year-end audit processes. Another thing is to thoroughly reviewed financial statements to correct any discrepancies.  The most enjoyable part is that it provides me with the opportunities for the business trip, which I can know different local culture from different places. ", " good place to start, good culture, good professional environment, high pressure ", " The firm is extremely professional, fast paced and each day you are faced with new challenges which really prepares you for the corporate world. The management is helpful but I would appreciate more contact b/w partners and trainees. ", " need overtime work almost every day during nonbusy season. Need at least an hour to commute to work from apartment. Very busy if you are an entry level worker there. ", " Unfortunately made redundant otherwise I would still be there.  Took a temporary position after redundancy but this came to an end ", " Management in Assurance as a whole is and was terrible and did not really have an ear to the floor to properly understand the work ethic and feelings of their trainee accountants to improve efficiency happiness and productivity. Some partners were great but were far and few between or lacked enough dominance to make changes.  Pay was terrible (terrible industrywide) for hours worked and the qualifications at hand. Lack of proper training provided by properly trained and motivated staff when compared to other big 4 firms. Often left to figure out things yourself and when you make a mistake they are surprised and annoyed yet thats why its a training contract....we supposed to be mentored and trained to learn to do the job not guess and learn from errors every time.  JiT experience limited to a select few and terrible program versus other big 4 firms.  It was great mixing with people of similar age and views when working in our teams and support staff were great. Travel allowance paid was fair and appreciated.  No proper talent retention programme in place despite them professing to be good at it. They let really good staff go without trying to find out why or what they could do to keep them, showed a 'I'm too good for you and don't need you' attitude.  People culture as a whole has really gone down the drain there when compared to the year I signed up. I was completely blown away by how great they were until I started working for them. It shows by the massive staff exodus over the past 2 years at all levels of management.  Other divisions as whole had better management ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> and more positive staff which made most trainee accountants wanting to stay on to seek employment opportunites at other divisions outside of Assurance.   "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " good experience, lots of work, lot of trainings, varied client base ", " Overall Rating is required. Review Summary is required. Your Review is required. Please tell us more about working at this company in Your Review. Job Location is required. ", " A typical day at work was working late for year-end close. There was nothing I can do from my end to improve the process. I will have to stay late regardless either to finish my work or help co-workers. The lesson I learned was to be part of the process and alert my family about the day.   I love the management at EY. They appreciate independent work where I can manage my area of responsibility accordingly. Also, they let employees work under different supervisors where it allows us to continue learning new opportunities. Co-workers are more of a family. There was a happy hour every Friday where employees get together to interact or enjoy each other. Also every year we used to go out for a big dinner.   Coming from abroad, with different culture and work ethics, EY was a turning point for me to learning new skills in the United States. I really appreciate the opportunity I was given to prove my-self. I worked at three different levels for more than four different supervisors that helped me grow both personally and professionally.   The most enjoyable part of the job is also the hardest part of the job that is the no routine. Reconciling various accounts with deadlines, productivity reports both from supervisors and quality assurance department is the fun and hardest part of the job. There is a high level of expectation that requires me work effectively and efficiently in a professional and timely manner. Their quality assurance department will ensure accuracy and timelines on a monthly basis. I always scored 100%. ", " Great place - ideal culture for professional services firm ", " I learned so much from inspiring and motivational mentors. I was very independent, even tho I worked on a team. ", " EY offers wonderful opportunities for highly driven individuals.  The experience and tools are second to none. ", " It was great working at E&amp;Y, their is communication between a lot of people and nice talking to a person for a few and then going back to work, it's not like someone is hovering over your shoulder so there is lots of freedom, even if you have to go grab a cup of coffee or a quick snack. I learned a lot about the security protocols and how the office works and why its important to not loose any data on a clients computer. Co-workers a very friendly and understandable and great to work with. The hardest part about the job was probably the hours I was working sometimes. When we ran into a problem upgrading the computers it could take an hour or two to fix. So sometimes we were working twelve hours sometimes a day. Most enjoyable part was getting to know all the people. ", " Typical day. Enjoy my team and PPEDD's. Managment is nice always seem to be open for suggestions of new idea. ", "  Leadership Skills  Team Management  Operations Management  Quality Assurance  Process Improvement  Client Interaction and Handling  Documentation  Reporting and Training  Trade Settlements  Account Opening and Setup  KYC and AML checks Process Migration  Training People  Building Teams ", " - Long hours  - Structured advancement in the firm - Great job security - Great people ", " fast working environment. You can learn a lot in a short period of time. ", " A typical work day involved answering phones. I learned how to do call center work. Management was helpful. My co-workers were really nice. The hardest part was waiting for calls. The most enjoyable part was answering the phones. ", "  \tAs a part of internship i did a project in \u201cCustomer Relationship Management\u201d. I did a detail study on how to maintain relations with the customer and i also helped them to prepare the database to maintain the records of the customer properly  \tThe main work which was assigned to me was to understand the CRM process which they follow and to maintain it.  \tClean up activities were performed by me on a regular basis for maintaining the database and to make sure that duplication is avoided.  \tI analysed the profit and loss accounts of clients. ", " EY  or should I call it the the EY Family is a nice place to work with very cooperative atmosphere and colleagues. A day spent in EY offers you continuous opportunities for learning and development. The time spent here is an actual investment in the skill set which is later utilized in the career course of a professional. ", " Enjoyed my time with EY and learned a lot. Demanding workplace with client deadlines but a lot of support. ", " I had a very successful career at EY and developed professionally and personally, my main activities included :  \uf0a7\tLeading teams in risk based audits, compliance audits and financial audits including external and internal audits; \uf0a7\tPreparation of audit plans, audit programs including evaluation of design and effectiveness of internal controls and determining scope and sampling techniques; \uf0a7\tFinancial analysis on various assignments using various business and financial models; \uf0a7\tPreparation and review of audit working papers; \uf0a7\tDrafting and reviewing policies and procedures, audit manuals and audit reports;  \uf0a7\tData analysis using data analysis tools after extracting data from databases of various ERPs;  \uf0a7\tCompliance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), Company law requirements and group/ company policies and procedures respectively; \uf0a7\tPreparation of audit plans, audit programs  \uf0a7\tAnti-money laundering compliance, including review of anti-money laundering policies and procedures and related controls; \uf0a7\tBasel II implementation; \uf0a7\tPreparation of tax returns as per tax laws of United Arab Emirates, Qatar and India; \uf0a7\tAccounting and valuation of derivatives including forwards, options, interest rate swaps, currency swaps and hedge accounting; \uf0a7\tReview of operations of treasury departments including bonds, forex, money market instruments and equity instruments; \uf0a7\tPreparation of statutory and group financial statements according to rules and regulations of:  o\tCentral Bank of United Arab Emirates \u201cCB UAE\u201d;  o\tCentral Bank of Kuwait \u201cCBK\u201d; o\tCentral ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> Bank of Qatar \u201c CBQ\u201d; o\tCentral Bank of India \u201cCBI\u201d; o\tState Bank of Pakistan \u201cSBP\u201d; o\tDubai International Financial Centre \u201cDIFC\u201d; o\tQatar International Financial Centre \u201cQIFC\u201d ", " Stable work environment with great benefits. Plenty of volunteer opportunities. ", " Typically work long hours. Raises do not factor in the amount of hours that you work. ", " This was an exceptional experience..working with partners. Providing presentations and mastering excellent communication thru out the company. ", " The job would suck a lot more if the people there weren't so cool "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Job production was sometimes unrealistic and challenging in a time sensitive environment.  Management didn't stand up for the team when the field offices rushed missed new hires.  New hires had to be rushed through people soft, IT, and added to orientation roster.  Updated roster had to be resent to field offices.  Field office would complain about updated roster.. not realizing that they were the ones responsible for the updated roster.  New hire process was unorganized and confusing with no pattern resulting in duplicated work or missed onboarding forms.  Management was fully aware and expected team to cope. ", " Great place with great reputation.Opportunity to work across industries and network with clients. ", " Pros \u2013 You see more in public accounting than any other experience you can get in the finance world. EY Detroit specifically had the best culture of Big 4 firms, focusing on work-life balance and caring for you as an individual.  Cons \u2013 The nature of public accounting is high paced and can be long hours. While the majority of people you work with are helpful and enjoyable, you may get stuck on a job with someone who is not.  Advice to Senior Management \u2013 There must be a reverse review process, so employees can provide reviews for supervisors. I had a number of seniors and/or managers who were poor leaders, but who got good reviews from superiors based on limited interaction. ", " Its an analyst role of gathering requirements for a software based on inputs from audit team. ", " I learn lot from my IT life from Ernest and Young from my manager, co-worker. Everyone really nice guys!!! .   I really miss this place. ", " I spent 12 years with EY and I see myself a s changed person for the better. the place offers a lot of opportunities for those who wish to progress. ", " 40 plus hour/weeks  Consulted senior management at some of the largest financial firms  Co-workers were energetic, passionate, hard-working  Billable hours were a pain at times  Review processes were expansive  Promotion not transparent  Team oriented environment was favorable  Many managers who were promoted to senior manager were adept at producing proposals but had very limited subject matter expertise ", " -everything is done over the phone which can be frustrating at times -also have to do web assistance and website assistance which has nothing to do with financial planning but technical support -to help organizations communicate to their participants the value of their benefits and compensation plans -to help particpants develop skills to make informed choices and take action to enhance their financial well-being ", " *Very enriching environment *Much opportunity for personal growth ", " Dealing with the strict deadlines and driving long distances to clients were a bit exhausting. Good place to get a lot of audit experience. ", " I love to work with customer's. by providing great customer service and meeting and exceeding their expectations. The customer are always right! ", " EY was a great place to work. Unfortunately, the firm decided to close the property tax division in Houston. ", " The company, been a financial company, has been more structured to cater for consultants. Being in support function, more specifically as intern doesn't guarantee opportunities for growth. From a consultants perspective, sufficient process have been placed for growth/advancement with the relevant training and exposure.  Being based in Sandton, getting to work is tough What I enjoy is the independence in the tasks that i have been assigned to  The people are nice, but being people, they have their moments  What i have learnt is having patience when dealing with people ", " A great organization to be a part of.  The opportunities are there to be taken, experiences at EY are what the inividual chooses to make of them. ", " Broad exposure to European transactions and different financial service departments ", " Represent Ernst &amp; Young Global brand and values to client a their premises. Discussions, inquires of management and guidance to audit associates on complex audit areas. Analyzing the views of sub-ordinates and tactfully resolving. Communicating their appraisal to higher management.  Sometimes managing client become hardest part as they try to limit the scope in audits.  Going out on lunch with co workers while the breaks and having nice social communication. ", " Great place to work at. Great work life balance . Many learning opportunities and mobility within the firm ", " You establish fundamental business acumen and skills vital and important to anyone looking to pursue a career in the corporate world. ", " Co-workers are friendly. Depending on what department you are in you will find that some company standards don't always apply for all.  Busy season can get overwhelming and stressful. However overtime is available to work from home. Not all departments (SSC n CBS) are allowed to work from home unless weather related or OT approved. I have enjoyed learning new things with this company and made good use of networking. If you want to apply for another department before your one year is up you have to get approval first from an assigned counselor. Each person is assigned a counselor to help guide them through the company. The idea is good but I feel like it should be someone not currently in your own department. I have found that some counselor's are eager to help you move up and others you don't ever hear from. The volunteering within this company is good but not as involved as other companies I have worked with. I have also found that you need to be the one to take the first step to introduce yourself to upper management. Networking within this company is a must if you want to move up. ", " Go to clients place, do audit and leave. May have long hours, but if your team people are nice, makes the long hours bearable. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " A typical day would start with receipt of a box full of source documents from a client. This would need to be sorted before starting the data input into QuickBooks or Pastel.  I gained a lot of practical experience preparing financial statements for various clients in different sectors. The management of the company was very experienced in grooming employees.  Co-workers were of different cultures, backgrounds and age-groups so there was need for tolerance within the office.  The hardest part was the interaction with clients who expected results but were not very compliant to government laws. The most enjoyable part was when work was reviewed and rated as successful by the line manager. ", " Typical day at EY is formatting ppts, proposals or printing and binding documents for employees to take to clients or prospective clients. ", " Fun place to work, amazing clients, brilliant management. Best place to start a career in accounting/finance. ", " You get to learn everything there is to know about processes ", " A good place to start your article period. management is not v much concerned but at the day end you will get your exposure. environemnt is good overall ", " I  gained much experience in the finance world. I learned to perform work as a team and be responsible for producing good detailed reports. ", " Its the best way to keep up to date with all accounting and auditing practices. Learning and building a network is the key benefit anyone would gain working in EY.  A diverse culture to work in is a really good way to coexist in a business of any kind. Further the hardcore training obtained is a life time experience and also is true to the last dot( no pain , no gain),however the environment is such that though its tough the help and support you obtain from your seniors is splendid. This makes work fun and also lacks boredom and I assure you no one is going to have ennui here.  Lastly its a great place to work ", " Management experience exposure to various industries Team spirit ", " Our work is seasonal nature. When audit season come, we engage in audits with lots of late sitting. After that just routine work during office hours. ", " A typical day at work would be to grab a cup of coffee and review emails. Then get started on the days tasks quietly until lunch. Lunch was often paid by the managers which was a plus. The hardest part of the job was realizing that I no longer enjoyed the subject of Tax as much as I believed I would coming out of college. I am looking to be a staff accountant and utilized the accounting principles that I learned in school. ", " It was interesting to see that your Project Manager cherish your background and even ask for your opinions, meanwhile you will learn much more from themselves. ", " EY are an excellent company to work for. They are visionary, reward people who work hard and really contribute, and offer many opportunities to develop and progress when ready. ", " A typical working day at E&amp;Y similar to other professional service firms tends to be filled with learning opportunities and a great bunch of people. Due to the lack of work life balance the odds are that the team will be together for the majority of the day and it helps to have people who are both friendly, hard working and great fun to be around ", " This job requires highly organize and problem solving skills. It is a good place to start your carea ", " EY is a workplace that encourages hard work and dedication in every employee. EY makes every stride to help their employees learn and grow within the company. As an accountant within the tax services, I was able to participate in preparing multiple corporate and business tax returns, as well as work within Microsoft Excel preparing work papers and spreadsheets. I also had to opportunity to travel and work on assignments related to consulting and assurance services. ", " Great place to work with great co workers and inclusive culture ", " EY is a great company to start out a professional career with. I had a lot of flexibility in working from home. The culture was fun and supportive. ", " I have had an amazing experience with my current opportunity and have learned and grown very much in my 4 and a half years. I have also built a great rapport with many different people and service lines within the company. ", " Work Work Work. Salary is not bad but long hours and little vacation days, so overall, the pay is not any better than other companies for similar roles. If you are not a CA, don't work for EY. No one appreciates your hard work. Though company expects you to work for 24/7. ", " Overall a lot of knowledge gain from this company and a great place to be. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Hard work but the knowledge was worth it, the tech and the communications with other branch all over the world was amazing ", " Some groups are great, others are not. Working for EY is not the same for everyone, not even close. If you work within Finance/Tax technology, you will have limited tools and resources available to you. If you are organized and believe in the appropriate use of Project Management/Agile principles then you should look elsewhere. EY is slowly getting there, SLOWLY.  By comparison, KPMG is significantly more organized and has a lot more on the ball in terms of how they utilized technology and develop their in house tax compliance applications. The thing that limits KPMG from being more of a leader within the industry is they are not known for having as strong of a tax practice as EY. If that was an even playing field, KPMG would have left EY in the dust a long time ago.  Also, just to clarify, I am not and have never been an employee of KPMG. ", " partnership tax compliance tax consulting international tax issues ", " Overall a good company depending on what group/division you support ", " The working culture at this Company is great. The Company focus on People, Quality, and Growth. ", " SyCip Gorres Velayo &amp; Co. (SGV), a member firm of Ernst &amp; Young Global Ltd. (EY), is the largest multidisciplinary professional services firm in the Philippines since 1946. The firm is packed with CPA top-notchers, exceptional professionals as well as talented individuals.    Being a Transaction Support professional, it is a must to keep myself up-to-date with the current news and SGV-information center assists us by sending daily news update organized per industry.  We also have access to various external resources such as S&amp;P Capital IQ, mergermarket, and Business Monitor International to help us develop our insights as we deliver advice to our clients.  As an associate director, it is my obligation to manage my team in order to maximize engagement efficiency, quality, and profitability.  I always keep a list of my \"To Dos\" at the start of the work, after I refresh myself with the current news.  This helps me breakdown those requiring urgent attention until the least important matters.  For every project I am engaged with, I see to it that I have a good understanding of the client's objectives and the target's business overview.  In Transactions Advisory Services, we are composed of different professionals not just CPAs.  These professionals really come in handy whenever we need to consult for a special matter.  I really love to put things in a very orderly and organized manner so that tasks will be achieved smoothly.  I ensure that I deliver the right information to my team and delegate tasks after considering each member's strength and weaknesses.  Seeing how I was ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> able to influence my team with the best practices and ensuring that their work experience was valuable and at the same time getting feedback from my client about how satisfied with our work is the hardest part of my job  and yet the most rewarding.  With my energetic enthusiasm and eagerness for new learning,  I was able to create positive relationships with my superiors, peers, counselees as well as clients. Even with difficult people at the workplace or at the field, I was able to build rapport because I take the time to understand and know them better.  I am even close with our security guards and cleaning personnel.  I believe that maintaining positive relationships helps lighten up the mood of each person, thus creating a more positive and happy environment...and this is how I build a better working world for EY. ", " Comp is decent, work life balance is dependent upon work flow and group, If work flow is high there is no work life balance. Your career is dependent upon your assigned partner. Like other accounting firms certain job functions are being shipped overseas in order to be able to compete but you don't find that out until you get there. ", " learned a new object Visio VBA Object  Tell us about:  a typical day at work what you learned management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job ", " A typical day at work is spent at an audit client. I learnt how to audit various components of a set of financial statements including re-computation of: - tax liability - deferred tax - depreciation - borrowing costs for capitalization Also leant how to apply IFRS ", " EY operates a very professional and challenging work environment with a high focus on excellent customer service. ", " I've learned a lot at EY. All the staff is so professional and educated that I learn new thing almost everyday. ", " Very professional and great people to work with. Care about each other. ", " A person associated with this organization would really be moulded in a different way than any others would be . Professional outlook and critical thinking would improve immensely due to the seniors at the top who have set great examples . ", " I am majoring in Accounting and Finance in University of Limerick so my placement as Audit Intern in the Assurance Department was a valuable experience and provided me with an opportunity to compliment my academic studies by putting my learning into practice. I was placed in the Assurance department in ICT UKI audit sector which is Industry, Commercial and Technological sector of business.During my placement I have worked on several different audits across diversified sectors ranging from logistics, retail, medical, beverages, charity and IT service providers. I have worked on a client site most of the time and had a chance to learn how to professionally communicate with a client. I developed many skills including the ability to be an effective team-member, interpersonal and ICT skills. I improved on my ability to work under pressure in order to meet deadlines. I also learned the importance of punctuality, good manners and professionalism in the workplace. ", " Learning Experience Provided me with qualification It is good for learning and grooming into the professional culture  Coworkers Very supportive and professional  hardest part of job Very stressful in busy season  Managment was supportive but not too responsive to personal issues Very competitive and advancement was biased  Most enjoyable part The job includes travelling and dealing with various people Interaction with clients and meeting their expectations ", " I would greatly recommend EY to a job seeker. EY is a great place for growth. ", " Excellent Culture in the team, everyone is very supportive. ", " Awesome place to work at good culture great exposure Integrated ", " A day at EY is extremely busy supporting up to 13 Directors in a remote capacity.  This would include extensive diary management, booking travel, liaising with both team members and external clients.  Arranging meetings and making sure their day runs as smoothly as possible.  It's imperative in this role that you prioritise work effectively to manage the Directors expectations to deliver a pofessional and proficient service.  Reliability is also key to this role as the turnaround of work needs to be delivered in a timely manner. I learned that communication is key in a role where you have to work remotely from your Directors and that good rapport needs to be built up quickly in order to gain the trust and to provide the best possible service to your Directors. Management can sometimes be difficult as most work remotely from the team and Team Leaders are not always accessible.  This means a lot of self management, which is not a problem with someone with my experience but not ideal for all personnel. Co- workers very supportive and helpful to all members and work hard to make sure as a team we deliver an excellent service for our Directors and standards are high. As we work as a team flexibility is not always an option and this can be difficult at times when you are trying to find a work/life balance. The most enjoyable part of the job is the variety it provides in terms of the work we do and working with a team of co-workers that are always willing to help and support you. ", " The culture which the partners created was toxic and very political. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " i did not like contracting for this company simply because it did not pay very well. i had two companies leeching money from me. Robert Half International, and a company called Hexaware, out of India. I find this is a common problem, and have promised myself that I will be finding a permanent position as an employee somewhere as opposed to doing contracting work.  My job was to upgrade computers from windows xp to windows 7. i enjoyed working with the people there. they were very considerate and helpful. the process was usually very simple, when the automated system worked. there were a few occasions where the servers were down and we were unable to complete our assignments for the day. this caused the contract to last a little longer, because those people had to be rescheduled. ", " Obvious busy period sometime, but always fun people around. Great place to work at. ", " Positive:  young environment  Negative:  low salary compared to hours at work looong hours at work (no work/life balance) No job security Stress ", " Actually at EY every day was a typical one because in audit firm you have start there day with new assignment and you have the responsibility to complete that assignment on time to prove to be productive for the firm. Because in audit firm you always be in competition with there colleague and new joiner and potential joiner. I have learned plenty of things including how to manage burden of work and how to tackle pressure when at one time you have responsible to report more than one person and to perform more than one different nature task and interesting thing was that all the task was at their own priority, much fun was there i love it very much. Management was supportive and co-workers was too and the hardest part of the job is nothing because i love to do more work so i enjoyed it. I love to work and there in EY lots of work to done so i enjoyed the work. ", " Good people. Work life balance could be improved. Career progression varies by department. ", " Busy season is really busy. Other days are more steady paced. Management and people you work with are awesome! Work life balance depends on you. ", " Ernst and Young is a work environment where the learning curve is big but the reward is high. It is an environment where the ambitious and competitive individuals will shine. After going through a big 4 busy season and IPO process (80 hour work weeks), one really learns a lot about what they value in life and what they deem to  be a successful career. If success to you is being high on the corporate ladder in the accounting field then big 4 will get you there. All in all it is a great opportunity and learning experience. ", " EY has many opportuities to grow and develop at a specific level. The environment and culture is an amicable yet professional one. The most difficult part of the audit environment is maintaining a work/life balance. The most enjoyable part of the environment is meeting new people and interacting with so many different types of people. ", " Typical Day involved meeting with the team for instructions on the next available project. I got to work with a wonderful team who were encouraging and shared considerable knowledge. hardest part of the job was the constant travelling to clients on projects. best part of the job was the exposure to various industries and projects. ", " EY is attempting to double the size of their firm, which brings with it a lot of opportunities.  However, there is a lot of risk for such growth and there were times where I had little to do because engagements were not being sold.  The culture is great and encourages creative thought and frequent interaction with leadership. ", " The firm is extremely professional, fast paced and each day you are faced with new challenges which really prepares you for the corporate world. The management is helpful but I would appreciate more contact b/w partners and trainees. ", " I am very happy for my experience in EY and I am willing to work CBS department in EY Milano.  I have gained a lot of useful experience and assisted to Managers and to the CMP who have been very helpful and kind. ", " EY is a great company to work for, social events are top notch. Work life balance is not so great ", " Very pleasant workplace, busy schedules, good people around you to teach you and train you, nice coworkers, no gossip around, all professional people, the hardest part to meet the deadline of every season. ", " I have been worked on Colombia by one of the most recognized consulting firms, I have participed for many projects doing software's (SAP) and account standard's implementation (IFRS), at the same time I had the opportunity to work auditing a paint manufacturer.  I'm keen to do something related with finance, economy or administrative management and I like much the sales management, because I think that I'm a honest person, hard worker, persue my goals and I consider thats its a good chance to increase my English level. ", " good experience, decent hours, lots of work, lot of trainings, varied client base ", " This is a fast paced environment that allows room for growth. ", " EY is a great place to work. Colleagues are some of the smartest in the business. I've made a lot of life-long friends at EY. The work is challenging and exciting! ", " High expectations and lots of pressure, but well worth the effort. ", " My typical day is Very intuitive I learned new softwares management is excellent co-workers are friendly commute is the hardest job "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Through my career as an auditor I learned prerequisite business and managerial skills to successfully execute unique challenges at work. For instance, during the first year at Ernst &amp; Young I successfully led a team of three of my peers in completing our engagement with Hotel Hilton, despite a lack of on-site supervision. This early challenge in my career helped me develop coaching, analytical thinking and client communication skills. In subsequent years at the firm I assumed greater responsibilities including the role of Integrated Audit Senior for Coca Cola FEMSA de Venezuela (KOFVE), which I led for over a year. By taking a co-operative approach with the client, which involved clearly delineating expectations, identifying bottlenecks and enhancing communication on both our and the client\u2019s side, we were able to successfully improve deliverable timelines compared with the previous year. ", " Working in a team atmosphere in the management consulting and research areas I had an opportunity to work with highly skilled people who encouraged knowledge sharing and personal advancement. Some work days were long when working on deadlines but there were often rewards to compensate.  The only reason I left this position was because I relocated too far away to commute and I have regretted it ever since.  A great place to work and a great company culture. ", " My summer internship at Ernst &amp; Young Shanghai office helped me understand the basic construction of an audit plan and how to perform the mid-term audit review according to specific company situations. As an Assurance Intern, I was responsible for preparing financial documents for the cash and bank account portion of the mid-term audit review. To confirm all amounts on the balance sheet are legit and reasonable, I examined bank statements and reconciliations, and conducted client inquiries in order to gather further information on doubtful amounts on the balance sheet. My keen sense of attention to detail has strengthened throughout this internship, and I have also improved my communication skills through numerous client inquiries. ", " -niche advisory groups -open door policy w/ partners -high profile engagements -lot of travel ", " At EY, the best aspects, in my opinion, were the opportunities to learn technical skills quickly, have training in many areas, to learn to develop a management style quickly and the networking opportunities.  In addition, the individuals at EY are overall very talented and dynamic individuals.  The worst aspects, in my opinion, were the many stressful situations, the long hours, the unpredictability of one's day and fear of a poor review despite the efforts put forth.   Despite any negative aspects, I know I have grown from this opportunity and that the relationships I made at EY are everlasting.  Therefore, I recommend the experience. ", " -High stress levels with below market salaries  - Cultural Diversity acknowledged  - ", " - Very similar to major consulting firms - Travel is 80%-100% - Advancement and job satisfaction is highly specific to the team out of a given office ", " A very fast paced environment that provided challenge daily. ", " At Ernest and Young you meet a diverse group of individuals from different backgrounds. It was a very nice company to work for. ", " Financial statement audit , test controls over significant processes related to the financial statements that is running the company, do the work in the scheduled time, review of risk areas of the company, constant communication with the client, checking on the progress of job. Execute the activities assigned in accordance with the laws , policies, rules and regulations governing the area, attached to international auditing standards ( ISAs ) , as well as validate that the company is giving full compliance with International Accounting Standards and regulations ( IFRS ) . Collaborate in the implementation of the work programs , which among others includes aspects such as: bank reconciliation, analysis of expense accounts, review of procedures used and other aspects or activities susceptible of evaluation. Develop programs work together with managers . Participate in work sessions for instructions. To inform the manager of the situations that arise in the course of interventions. Keep updated files and other sources of information , according to the selection criteria and ordering set , to properly support the revisions made. Support the monitoring of audit requirements . Ensure proper operation and use of facilities , equipment and tools used in the development of their activities , reporting any anomalies or major damage is present to his immediate superior. Provide collaboration in risk and claims that arise in the company. Actively participate, collaborate and comply with all policies, procedures and regulations relating to quality assurance to develop and implement ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> the company. To assist my assistant , answer questions or concerns , give clear instructions and objectives given assignments , to follow up the implementation of its work, ongoing communication between the team and to achieve the objectives and complete the work in deadline. ", " wonderful working culture, respect the process standard such as COBIT; Many young employees, working in collaboration between departments.  With an arsenal of skills acquired, I am confident that my unique blend of skills and multicultural experience positions me to make immediate, value-added contributions to this company. ", " I learned a great deal about the tax process.  I would typically assist tax personnel in prepared corporate taxes for clients.  Most of the work that was completed is what would be expected of a full-time professional. ", " EY provides a great start for any person who wants to become a real finance professional to get required experience and develop necessary skills. Plus you establish your initial business network within the professional services world.   Looking forward EY offers opportunities for both staying with the Firm and developing your career inside or going outside and giving a different direction for your further professional growth.  One of the best positive aspects within EY is an opportunity to meet and work with really great people, who are very interesting persons, ready to take new challenges and achieve new heights. ", " There is a lot to learn in Treasury. I find myself doing a different project almost every time I'm at the office. I have daily tasks, such as updating the Treasury workstation with foreign exchange rates from Bloomberg, Account Reconciliation of loans, mutual funds, and other daily bank transactions. Other larger projects that I've handled are building bank credit rating reports for upper management, credit limit and utilization reports, master files for all the banks we deal with.   My coworkers and management are very friendly and helpful. They will always stop what they're doing to listen or help you with what you're doing. I've learned a lot from them for the year that I was here.   The hardest part of my job was integrating new Treasury software and workstation with the old system that they had to use. There is also the problem of retrieving data from member firms.   The most enjoyable part of the job is learning and flexibility provided my upper management. They give a lot of freedom to do things the way you want. ", " Greatest Achievements High Adaptability : The greatest achievement is to be able to indulge and accept new assignment and culture more quickly. Personal Grooming: Another accomplishment was understanding the nature of humans and overcoming persecution with a positive attitude. Convincing ability: Getting thinks done using friendly environment and Constructive arguments. Leadership Skills : I have lead the team of 3 individuals in a friendly manner. ACCA Qualification Financial Accounting : I was involved in many assignments where we ensured compliance with international and local standards. Management Accounting : Management Reports were also part of scope in many assignment which were checked for availability, completeness and accuracy. high Command over Excel : There were assignments where commendable grip over the excel workings were needed that developed passion of using Excel. Internal Auditing : I worked for 4 years under this role and obtained command over risk management and process improvement mechanism. ", " EY is a fast paced Auditing firm where you can experience alot of learning growth.  There are varied responsiblilites depending on what client you are assigned too.  Management is very supportive in your growth.  Co-workers will often step in assist on assignments. job is turn over of  clients and out sourcing of jobs. . ", " Managing staff to adhere to standards. P&amp;L Great team Great to work with. Responsible with there time management. At the end of week when numbers came in line. ", " Good Learning, Good Working Environment, Learning New things, High Volume of transactions ", " It is an excellent place for people who want to learn in a corporate environment. ", " Typical work day starts @ 7-5pm.  I have learned that that work/life balance is important in success.  I like a management team that allows me to pursue goals and accomplish work.  My co-workers are bright, fun and dedicated.  The hardest part of my job is politics.  Is receiving positive feedback from co-workers and clients "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " I learned a significant amount at EY. However, the culture was not conducive to a healthy living or a positive experience. Management did not care about the staff or seniors. They forced employees to work a lot of hours and did not compensate well at all. There is no connection between work and pay. ", " Very respectable company to work for. No issues and no complaints. I would be happy to work for the EY Centre again. ", " Learned a lot about how the projects was accounted for and was able to give input to improve procedures and to streamline processes.   Compiled procedure manuals for a business unit as well as a policy document ", " Best company I've ever worked for. Great for flex working, great work/life balance, great for professional development ", " A typical day at work is definitely one with lots of laughter.  We have an open plan space so everyone gets to connect with anyone at any given time. ", " there nothing more tan u can ask for from an employer, I wish if I stayed there ", " Great place to start your career, but you will definitely have to put in your time doing very mundane work before you can move into anything of real interest. ", " My key responsibilities included conducting independence checks on new clients and working to tight deadlines. Hardest part is the time pressure. Enjoyable part is the actual work you are given. ", " Enjoyed every minute of it, Very good company with great wrk life balance and offers a very competitive package ", " A typical working day at E&amp;Y similar to other professional service firms tends to be filled with learning opportunities and a great bunch of people. Due to the lack of work life balance the odds are that the team will be together for the majority of the day and it helps to have people who are both friendly, hard working and great fun to be around.  The management are experienced and from what i have witnessed very street smart which provides a lot of learning when it comes to client handling and looking at the same information from a different more relevant perspective.  Apart from the lack of work life balance the growth up the ladder is slow and relatively low remuneration compared to the expectation work wise is not healthy. ", " Excellent place to work as part of your initial career, both from personal and professional development. ", " 9-6 job learned a lot about financial planning management does a pretty good job like my co-workers a lot long hours,for low pay have to past licensing exam to keep job ", " It is a good company in Pakistan but there are long working hours and not competitive salaries ", " Year round the work is a lot and each year it continues to grow. Stressed out environment and lots of lack of communication. ", " This was a great company and being employee number 9, I was able to participate in many things that helped the company grow until it was purchased. ", " The company is a place where you are encouraged and supported to develop your career and become indispensable in the society. Being a team player it made me learn and also mentor my co-workers ", " An employer like EY needs no introduction. It has been one of the best learning experiences for me. My learning was not just limited to Accounting and Audit procedures but covered elements like \"how to successfully interact with the management and how to meet the deadlines with efficient planning and team work\". In a nutshell, it's been everything that a fresh accounting graduate would require to build a successful career in accountancy. ", " Great professional experience, diverse locations, great team work and team spirit ", " I have spent over 3 years in EY and I have not come across any uncomfortable situation where I had to deal with a problem alone. Great team members and an excellent place to apply your technical knowledge. ", " I am currently a Consultant for Ernst &amp; Young in their Financial Services Advisory Practice where I have delivered major projects for Banks and Government Institutions in Europe and Africa. I possess a Masters in Finance, strong language skills and good experience working as an analyst at both the UN in New York and for the Portuguese Ministry of Economics in Lisbon. I believe that my ability to assimilate facts quickly, establish priorities and solve problems through the analysis of complex data plus my broad international experience dealing with governmental and supranational organisations can be of immediate value.  Recent successful projects for Ernst &amp; Young include the development and implementation of internal control and risk management frameworks for an African Central Bank, and the design and construction of a budget department for an African Ministry of Finance. Both of these high profile projects required that I rapidly establish a detailed understanding of complex organisations with multiple stakeholders and priorities. The solutions were subject to scrutiny by international bodies such as the IMF and were delivered on time and to budget meeting approval from internal and external review. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " One of the best audit firms in the world, having a multicultural working environment which promotes an environment of growth and responsibility towards your work. ", " Learned a lot about how the projects was accounted for and was able to give input to improve procedures and to streamline processes.   Compiled procedure manuals for a business unit as well as a policy document ", " I have been working at EY for 4 years and it has been an amazing experience. I have improved my accounting skills a lot and I could work with many people from different countries. ", " For a public accounting firm, this place has a very strong culture, and the folks are hard working and dedicated. They are dedicated to inclusion, and support their people. ", " A typical work day involved answering phones. I learned how to do call center work. Management was helpful. My co-workers were really nice. The hardest part was waiting for calls. The most enjoyable part was answering the phones. ", " Worked with Partners and staff creating proposals and other supporting graphics for fortune 500 companies.  Supported a department of 150 people.  Little supervision.  Some impossible deadlines requiring late night hours. Creative freedom satisfying and interaction with department fun.  Impossible deadlines drawback in the job. ", " Very busy, lots of interacting with clients on different levels,I enjoy dealing with people ", " Excellent place to work as part of your initial career, both from personal and professional development. ", " I enjoyed working for Ernst &amp; Young, Indianapolis. I received a lot of feedback and accounting experience. ", " During period of over 3.5 years i was involved in: - Internal Audits - Gap Analysis - External Audits ", " Excellent Working Environment Managment Structure good. Training Excellent Good Team work ", " Staff shortage to handle the pressure.  Creative environment.  tough bosses who taught me lot of things. ", " I have been working as a consultant in Business Risk Advisory for over 2.5 years. My practical experience mainly pertains to the following:    \tInternal Audits;  \tBudgeting, Planning and Reporting;  \tFund Audits;  \tFinancial and Compliance audits;  \tFinancial Reviews;  \tSpecial Assignments;  \tProcurement Reviews; and  \tMicro Assessments ", " Lack of team spirit within the group.  Silos are formed and resentment toward newly hired assistant directors.  Management is open to change in theory but no actions are taken to change the org. structure. ", " The Smart Futures internship at this Professional Services firm was phenomenal with valuable skills gained and extremely beneficial relationships developed. Great environment for professional networking, especially for students like myself whom have little experience in corporate environments.   The 3 week internship itself was a combination of several workshops intended to develop a wide variety of skills from presenting to a panel of partners to taking minutes at meetings. The third week was, in my opinion, the pivotal learning experience. Each intern spent the said week in a division within the firm where we were given the chance to see what it would be like to work on a real life projects. My division was Strategy, Performance Improvement in Advisory and my co workers - a consultant, senior consultant and senior manager were all amazing to work with,   Some of the tasks were quite challenging but they ultimately helped us to push ourselves and improve our skills further so no complaining there. The most enjoyable part of the experience would have to be the opportunities given in terms of networking; for students doing first year A levels, a chance to dine with a partner of the firm and a high profile client is exquisite. ", " I worked between two sites and i absolutely loved it. My colleagues were like my family and i am still in touch with some of them till today. ", " The company is a place where you are encouraged and supported to develop your career and become indispensable in the society. Being a team player it made me learn and also mentor my co-workers ", " Ernst &amp; Young was an exciting company to work for it is a five star company.I have had the pleasure of working with great people.I worked on the out bound team as well as the inbound team.The mangement team was great we have weekly team meeting.And the most enjoyable part of the job were the team meetings. ", " fun environment, lots to learn, exciting, long hours, lots of traveling ", " good place to start career.  do not stay forever.  okay managers and pay. hours are longer than you wish.  if you want a life, leave after 3 years. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " My days consisted of follow up and follow through on various accounts with reporting both standardized and adhoc. I learned a great deal about general accounting functions and management of book of business. Management is approachable and willing to help with career advice and guidance. Co-workers are great in that some great friendships were created and these same people can be very motivating and inspiring. The hardest part of my job was working with \"liasons\" that would process requests on behalf of Partners and managers completely unaware of how these requests get handled and the time involved, such as requesting 5 years of Audit budgets formatted to meet expectations. The most enjoyable part of my job was the satisfaction of keeping up with billing and payments that enabled Partners and managers to focus on the more complicated aspects of their jobs by following up and following through on my end. ", " Challenging and great place to start a career in public accounting.  Can provide many different opportunities to grow oneself's career.  Work with intelligent and focused individuals.  Good sense of teaming. ", " I have been working for E&amp;Y for over 3 years, but the knowledge and experience I have gained for the last 3 years are worth 6 years at other firms. ", " The company is a place where you are encouraged and supported to develop your career and become indispensable in the society. Being a team player it made me learn and also mentor my co-workers ", " Working for Ernst &amp; Young was an intern was a fantasic experience. I got to learn alot about auditing and it really helped me polish my education I learned at the university. It truly proves to be the one of the Big 4s. ", " Work from client's office - audit workpapers in your cubicle through via tedious review and company software ", " It was interesting to see that your Project Manager cherish your background and even ask for your opinions, meanwhile you will learn much more from themselves. ", " Friendly work environment Team Work Professional Staff Training Support in education ", " On a typical work day at E&amp;Y was very busy, you worked very hard.  Management was not good at all.  Very unfair people, only wanted to hear one side of a story. ", " 5days a week, 8hours/day I learned some assurance skill from my coach, such as updating financial statements, exam the internal control of client, communication and interview skill with client and so on. ", " Its an environment which really embraces the different cultures and values of the societies we live in. ", " one day turn around is expected on all work management is not helpful to team members no room for advancement no formal training for the job ", " Young and energetic team to work for clients' excellence.  Good training for fresh graduates in terms of meeting various clients in different industries. ", " There's no denying E&amp;Y's impact on your resume. If you can handle the long hours and (generally) extremely boring and tedious work, you can make a great career for yourself or, at a minimum, add a strong bullet to your resume.  Work hours can be long but the firm can also be very flexible when you need time off or have personal needs to work out. The work is often extremely repetative at the lower levels and the job becomes more of a sales position as you increase in rank. Pay is average (although EY likes to make you think otherwise).  Great place to start your career and as long as you can handle traveling and the stress of not knowing where you'll physically be from week to week, you'll be glad you did. Definitely not for me, but there are plenty of people who would be a great fit here. ", " Managing staff to adhere to standards. P&amp;L Great team Great to work with. Responsible with there time management. At the end of week when numbers came in line. ", " It had been wonderful at all my previous Employers. I learnt teaming from them I was able to relate with other co-workers The enjoyable part of the job was that it was challenging.  ", " I have been with EY for over 6.5 years (quickly approaching 7th anniversary) and each of the seven years have been filled with great professional relationships, learning and culture. ", " Busy season is really busy. Other days are more steady paced. Management and people you work with are awesome! Work life balance depends on you. ", " Learn from different professionals with different capabilities &amp; talents and also in different countries ", " Ernst &amp; Young is a good professional services firm to work for. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Generally speaking my experience has been positive; good work environment and I enjoy my co-workers and have befriended many. However management does tend to excessively micro-manage when working with teams, and there is little to no room for growth - only lateral moves are available. ", " I had a really great experience with Ernst &amp; Young, My supervisors in IT were both professional and fun people to work with. ", " Project management of tax consulting and compliance projects. Experience in corporate and partnership tax compliance and tax financial reporting for corporations (FAS 109).  Major clients in manufacturing and consumer products, but experienced in media and entertainment market, professional services and financial services including banking and Insurance and private equity. ", " Very long hours with no bonus. Most employees do not start their day until 10:30AM requiring everyone to stay in the office later ", " Flexible schedule Great people to work with Great learning opportunity ", " I currently work at Ernst &amp; Young, and have had a generally positive experience.  I'm assigned to one large engagement, and I've had to work on a variety of different projects related to this client.  It's been hard work, and it's often been challenging, but I enjoy the opportunity. Others around me are hard working and smart.  Management is generally strong and attune to new trends. I feel that the firm and the department are doing the right things.  It's been great to have been part of such an organization.   The hardest part of my job is dealing with abrupt deadlines, and finding that a core competency can often pin you in a certain role.  The most enjoyable part of my job is working with international teams. ", " My experience with Ernst &amp; Young is almost the same with PwC. A typical task that needs to be addressed timely and finished the engagement according to the project timeline. I dined out with friends  or officemates as a way of releasing stress and then went back to the office to finish the job for the day. Then, the same activity cycle for the following day. The most enjoyable part of this job is that everyday I faced with new challenges in auditing and accounting due to diverse client engagements assigned to me and addressed accounting and auditing issues in a timely manner. ", " EY TAS in Jeddah is a highly competitive and professional and growing unit. Management is world class and there are excellent colleges to learn from. An advantage of working in the relatively small Jeddah office is immediate exposure to challenging high level projects. For anyone looking to starttheir professional services career in Saudi Arabia, this is an excellent team to learn and develop with. ", " I have been working for E&amp;Y for over 3 years, but the knowledge and experience I have gained for the last 3 years are worth 6 years at other firms. ", " I was quickly matched with a mentor and made aware of affinity groups within the company to help develop my career. ", " A typical starts with checking e-mails for the health of facilities in the building. I also take calls from the FM helpdesk and log them in to the job data base so that job requests can be actioned by the appropriate department. I keep a database of all jobs call out on excel spreadsheet. This data are used for our monthly statistics report to management. ", " EY helped improve my knowledge and technical skills and expose me to working for a multi-national company. ", " EY has a highly structured training programs and many opportunities to learn.  Work/life balance is not great here, as you will have to do long hours. ", " I really enjoyed my time there though it was for a brief period of time.Management and top tier is always there to set an example by leading from the front.Team in every assurance department strongly believes on team work.I learned hand on experience of real audit world, where audit and accounting standards come into an action.The hardest part was to meet deadlines at PEEF when cfo rescheduled our task and we being a team met with the hopes and delivered and i really enjoyed that too. ", " This was the best job I ever had. I always felt as if I was a part of a team and valued as an employee. ", " I have enjoyed working with Ernst &amp; Young . It helped me a lot in my personal and professional development. there is a great working envoirnment in EY and you tend to learn a lot then you expect after working in EY. ", " A company that is recognized for quality of services to its clients. if you are looking for an opportunity kick start your career in finance and audit, this is the best company ", " A review of work that's done and that need to be done before the deadline. Management are easy to talk to and highly approachable. Co workers are helpful and always eager to show an easier method. To leave the audit to start another since have to get used to new people again. The ability to network so well and meet new people all the time. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is a global firm which is present in more than 100 countries. I was new and raw in work and application of techniques as well as in presentation of work.  I have been with the firm for three and half years and I was highly passionate to join and to be good in my work. I learned gradually with the work.  Management was very nice, helpful and friendly and we always worked in teams.  Most enjoyable part was to work with various medium to large entities with various assignments. This enabled me to be more adaptive with the variety of work and roles. ", " * Learned different subjects by working in one department * Social Media and Web/ PR and Communication/ Event management *The hardest part was that i had to be multitasked. Otherwise there is no way you could handle these 3 subjects "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " I am fortunate  to work with EY. Friendly culture with exposure to work with multinationals and gain wide experience. ", " I was fortunate to be member in the tax team of EY Cairo, one of the best tax practices in Egypt  The work environment is very friendly and challenging. There is something new which you learn almost everyday.   Partners, managers and staff are professional, friendly and work as one family. ", " During more than 3 years of experience with EY in Russia and in the US, I learned much in different business and social areas. Now ready to move on and would like to develop in Project management and Strategic planning ", " Manangement is almost void with no coaching or care towards developement of it's employees, ", " A great career path! I have been working with EY for over 7.5 years now and have learnt to deliver quality products to the clients. Throughtout my career cycle I have had opportunities to interact with a talented pool of professionals. ", " I have learned a great deal of relationship building in the workplace with hourly associates and senior managers as well. ", " A typical day at work includes catching up on daily tax email to stay current with tax news, finishing up an assignment given to me by my senior on the engagement I'm on and then proceeding to my next task or reaching out to other team members to help out on their engagements.  The biggest thing I learned on the job is how to work with many different people and that people have different teaching and working styles, but in the end, we all want the same thing: a complete, accurate and awesome deliverable that will make our client happy.  The hardest part of the job is definitely trying to maintain a work-life balance, most specifically during busy seasons, when deadlines are imminent but work is never-ending.  The most enjoyable parts of the job are twofold: my co-workers liven the atmosphere at work, when we have to stay late or at after-work socials where we have time to bond a bit, and they are some of the brightest people I know; and there is always so much to learn, from getting a handle on the new technology, to understanding new tax concepts and the reasoning behind why we treat certain items the way we do, according to the code or to our company's interpretation of the issue--so I am never bored on the job. ", " This hands-on position mandates superb secretarial, administrative, organizational skills as well as initiative, follow-through and \u201ccan do\u201d capabilities in a multi-tasked, fast-paced environment.  Extensive amounts of contact and inventory data recorded to vast database, and to MS Excel and MS Word Filed and organized office records The ability to prioritize assignments; work independently on multiple projects \u2013 frequently under pressure and to help achieve High Growth Middle Market objectives. Specific assignments include; Area Utilization Management/Capacity Management, PSW Sales Pipeline, Recruiting Process, Counseling Tree Assignments and daily contact with PSW/ National Partners. Organizing and coordinating meetings with company executives is a routine responsibility, as is handling complex and often last minute national and international travel arrangements ", " I enjoyed my time in such a wonderful organization. It's fully professional firm with excellent career opportunities. ", " Great opportunity for learning and advancement; long hours, but worth it!  The hardest part is balancing family with work.  The best part is endless opportunities for growth, learning, and advancement. ", " On a typical work day at E&amp;Y was very busy, you worked very hard.  Management was not good at all.  Very unfair people, only wanted to hear one side of a story. ", " Hours are long but OTs are convertible to paycheck. It is a rewarding career with international exposure. ", " A typical day at work: perform audit procedures, review working papers, communicate and coordinate with clients, team members and other departments, manage projects, and ect.  I have learned from the job:  basic principles and knowledge of accounting and auditing; project management; communication skills with different people. ", " IT Department is horrible, no job security, too much red tape to get anything done, no rewards.  Upper management never has your back, people fired if business complains and the business is always complaining.  IT has gone through a lot of changes in last few years which have not worked out and most jobs are going abroad and to Atlanta so morale is extremely low.  No-one likes working there, both employees and consultants as they are always trying to get rid of you or make your life miserable.  EY somehow wins awards for a great place to work but that apparently only applies to the service lines (accounting, audit, etc).  Core services like IT are seen as big cost centers and treated poorly. ", " A typical work day can be any were from 8 hours to 20 hour depending on the work flow. Since i have started working at this firm i have learn alot about what goes into filing business taxes. Over all management is pretty good at the company. My co-workers are a decent group of people. Some are hard workers, while others are just doing the very minimum. The hardest part of the job i would say is the lack of management skills my day to day manager/superviors and his assistant have. There lack of communication on certain issues as well how they speak some of the staff. The most enjoyable part of the job is the new things i learn and the new people that i am contantly interacting with from other departments. ", " I have learned in a financing area. I worked on several projects (more than 10 engagements) in the varius areas and had a chance to develop my skills and experience. I have learnt how to meet deadlines and I have developed my time-managment skills. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is an amazing company to start your career with and learning valuable education and technical skills needed to suceed. ", " EY is a major public accounting firm with worldiwide office locations serving clients in all segments of business ", " All Admin duties for a senior vice president.  It was a very hectic environment but very enjoyable. ", " Quality in every thing they do.  Employees from different backgrounds working on different engagements which focuses on preparing the financial statements for the companies.  Making sure that the accounting cycles on the companies meets the owners expectation and make the necessary adjustments. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " E&amp;Y was a creative experience.  Each day, there was a different experience.  However, there were always routine tasks, schedule travel arrangements, maintain client calendar, answer calls.  Update powerpoint slides, enter data into Excel or other database applications, etc. ", " Setting up and preparing for ll offfice meeting. Video setup, good coworkers, deal with a lot of diffrent people can be enjoyable no real hard part of job for me ", " You will not specialize and pay will be lacking. A typical day can be described as hurry up and wait. You are expected to work 50 - 60 hours a week. The type of work leaves a lot to be desired. You're definitely reminded that you're not curing cancer so to speak by the mundane nature of the work. ", " Its an environment which really embraces the different cultures and values of the societies we live in. ", " Very warm and friendly place. The training was very detail and revealed a lot of what kind of call you would get. Management is very busy but will find time for you. My co-worker are vey helpful and allow everyone to work as a team. The hardest part of the job is remembering where to transfer the call if I can not resolve the issue. The most enjoyable part of the job is knowing when you get to work there is something new I will learn. ", " EY is a good place to start your career, but keep in mind your career goals.  It is expected that you work long hours, which is fine when you begin because you will be learning a great deal about the fundamentals of accounting and audit.  My co-workers are usually great people to be around.  We get together some weekends and some of my best friends are from work.  The hardest part of the job is obtaining the information you need from the client.  They have their regular jobs and without ample time, they may not address your requests in a timely basis.  The most enjoyable part of the job is teaching and passing on information about people and concepts. ", " Absolutely amazing experience with amazing people! The management is incredible, and EY has a large percentage of the marketshare so there is plenty of work to be done. ", " There were no typical days at work in Internal Audit.  Every day was different, which was what I enjoyed most about the job. ", " not fun to work, stressful working environment but learn a lot and gain solid Gaap knowledge good place for trainee ", " Very high stress job. One of the highest stress jobs Ive ever had- but great team- great support, great clients. Fast turnaround, very demanding job. Long hours. ", " It was a good experience in general. The work typically started at 8:30 and worked till the job was done. ", " Great company to start at right after college, but there is no point in staying here long term if you actually want a life outside of work. The \"work life balance\" they preach is simply not there, plus this firm is probably the one out of the big 4 that pays the least - bonuses are miserable (even when you have a good rating or get promoted) and the benefits are worthless (the 401K matching is only 25% after a year of employment). ", " I would prepare corporal tax returns and review for managaement all other types of accounting ", " 1. Started guiding interns after joining the company a month; 2. Worked as a team leader in most of assurance engagements after 5 months: (1) audit fieldwork planning: understood the business and environment, identified risks, determined audit scope and designed tests and procedures; and  (2) audit team working: assigned jobs to team members, provided guidance to and reviewed audit work done by juniors; and (3) liaison with client: discussed with client any finance, audit and internal control issue; and (4) preparation and review of reports that would be finally delivered to clients. ", " I had a rewarding Summer 2012 accounting internship experience at Ernst &amp; Young. ", " It is a good place to learn and start your career.  Management suffers at times but co-workers are typically great. ", " Lots of answering emails, planning, and designing audit procedures. The job will teach you everything you need to know about accounting from the transaction level up, which gives a very fundamental understanding of how financial statements work. Unfortunately, the learning regarding the financial markets ends at the financial statements, as little to no analysis extends from this point in the audit industry.  The Company has great people and a very friendly atmosphere. Unfortunately, the audit industry is plagued by cut throat price competition among the big 4 accounting firms and huge regulatory pressure. This results in long hours with disproportionately low compensation. Management is well aware of the problem but I think doesn't do enough to fix it / can't due to competition. ", " Audits of various clients accross many sectors of the economy. You get to learn about different fields depending on your portfolio of clients.Management have high expectations and you need to work efficiently in order to meet expectations.The culture is brilliant and my colleagues are mostly friendly, helpful and supportive.The most enjoyable part of the job would be stock counts and factory tours as you get to see interesting manufacturing methods/warehouse operations that very few others have access to. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is a globally recognized Audit firm. I have been working there about 2 years. ", " EY is a very good company to start one's career. It has great people and a very nice work culture. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " My daily work is to prepare the bank confirmation request and to collaborate with other auditors during year-end audit processes. Another thing is to thoroughly reviewed financial statements to correct any discrepancies.  The most enjoyable part is that it provides me with the opportunities for the business trip, which I can know different local culture from different places. ", " Typical day of work consist of juggling on multiple projects at once, must be good at multi-tasking and time management ", " Being a big 4 company, there is already a given level of quality in the work performed. Turning to the social side, it was not as vertical and rigid as one could have expected. Interests of partners, managers, and analysts are very much aligned. The atmosphere is very friendly as well. ", " Lack of team spirit within the group.  Silos are formed and resentment toward newly hired assistant directors.  Management is open to change in theory but no actions are taken to change the org. structure. ", " I have worked for Ernst &amp; Young as a full time employee for about a year, as a receptionist and I have performed the established duties for the role, which include and are not limited to answering the phones, meet and greet guests, provide front desk assistance and guide visitors  I consider myself as a team player; I am currently the back up for projects like daily Name Tags, Conference Sheets and Life Changing Events. I cover for these and other assignments every time that is needed and often take charge and volunteer to help. ", " Depends on the client and team.   I've worked with some very talented individuals who are concerned with your growth and my teams are generally great.  There are one or two that doesn't particularly care but those are rare.  Compensation could have been better this year.  You learn a lot in a very short period of time.  It's a crash course, in this case, a crash course in audit, risk methodology, QARs, etc. ", " Good company, Good benefits, lots of hours though. Great place to start your career and make gain valuable experience working on multiple clients in various industries. ", " Typical Day at work, is full of tasks and meetings lasting for more than 10 hours   What I have learned; Each day there is new things to learn technicaly and management skills   The hardest part of the job is stay balanced and concentrated all the time   Changing clients and new experiences have been gained all the time ", " Very familiar with co-workers. I just joined at EY Corp with no knowledge about the purchasing.  however, co-workers have helped me out to learn how to work my tasks. ", " I started out here as general admin and through encouragement of the group I supported went back to school and obtained my accounting degree.  As a result I have received three promotions in my eight years here.  This a great place to learn and grow.  EY offers great flexibility to accomplish both your professional and personal goals. ", " One of the Big 4. Good work life balance, lots of opportunities to be involved in what you want to work on. ", " My work is mainly focusing on assisting our investment clients in developing/validating financial models.  In a typical project, I interact with our clients to understand their business needs, design work plan to meet clients' expectation, understand technical models and Basel regulations, implement and perform test on the model performance using softwares such as VBA, Python, R, etc. ", " The working environment is very professional. Timing is flexible as concentration given to completion of assignment rather than appearing in office. Every assignment is different from the other therefore learn curve still remains there.  Since all the co-workers are professional therefore working in Islamic Financial Services Group is great experience. Time line stiffness is the hardest part of the job. ", " Over the past 4.5 years I have been responsible for completing audits by myself and as a senior leading a team.  I often worked on multiple engagements at the same time which required a lot of oganisation and communication. I worked with different managers during my time there and got on really well with the people I worked with. The hardest part of the job was the time pressure, particularly when delays were encountered as the job would go over the time allocated and that resulted in me having to manage multiple engagements and ensure the audit work and reviews were completed. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting my colleagues and having the opportunity to work on audits both by myself and other people. ", " I enjoyed working at Ernst &amp; Young and was able to learn a lot about financial statements and different industries. ", " Usually I would be at the office by 8:00 AM meet with my senior and have a brief discussion about the business nature of the next client and the type of work required. After that the whole team (made of a senior auditor, manager in charge and me) arranges a meeting with the client to meet with the finance manager, chief accountant, and staff accountants to discuss the work requirements and the deadlines. After that the senior and I relocate ourselves in an office given to us by the client at the client's accounting department. The first thing we receive from the client is the financial statements reviewed by the chief accountant and finance manager to start the audit. We start with the planning phase to understand more about the business accounting cycles and significant accounts. After determining the significant accounts we start determining the test of controls and substantive analytical procedures required for the audit. ", " I have been with EY for over 6.5 years (quickly approaching 7th anniversary) and each of the seven years have been filled with great professional relationships, learning and culture. ", " The culture of the office is defined by the partner in charge. Bigger offices have a lot more politicking. If you get a chance start at a small office. ", " At EY, you learn things you will never learn at schools such as seeing other company's cultures, accounting departments, employees benefits, etc. Working as an external auditor, you will be exposed to all accounting treatments, and you will get to connect to other company's and see how the business world work. Definitely, the best place to start a career with. ", " did enjoyed alot in working to be apart of one of big 4 audit firms worlwide "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Excelent\u00a0management,\u00a0excelent\u00a0professionals.\u00a0My experience is very positive from the standpoint of personal and professional ", " This is an extracurricular club at EY. We got to coach the new students writing the exams each year with the process. It is a nice club to join. ", " The most difficult part of the job is the timesheets. Excellent opportunities for travel, career advancement and training. ", " Really enjoy working for Ernst &amp; Young. Great people and great firm. Hardest part of the job is travel/consulting. ", " Good working environment, flexible working hours, excellent management and a place to learn and grasp skills ", " extra long hours, great exposure to leading strategies in the market ", " I learned to solve problems by myself in a limited time. Get advanced Excel and word skills. Known a lot of people from travelling. ", " Great opportunity to move up and great management team. Got to work with a wide array of companies from several different industries. ", " Good company, Good benefits, lots of hours though. Great place to start your career and make gain valuable experience working on multiple clients in various industries. ", " I enjoyed my time as an assurance intern at EY. Working in assurance during peak is a tough jobs with many datelines but the team spirit is fantastic in this firm. ", " Working for more than one job -client- is the hardest part but it helped  me out a lot. It improved my time management and multi tasking skills. ", " I enjoyed doing my internship at EY. it was very helpful to gain experience and knowledge while dealing with the relocation of the branch ", " Good flexibility and generally good/talented people. Firm has high expectations of each individual. Fast-paced environment and large work load. ", " Excellent work culture Great learning and enabling environment Good growth - personally and professionally Great people, good management ", " This was my first job out of college. There was a heavy workload and a lot of people that I could rely on for career advice. You learn a lot on time managment. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is a great company for which to work. Especially here in Dallas at their office on Elm St. in the Renaissance tower. What a view! ", " Work life balance, training, culture and management are superb at this company. This is really one of the best places to work. ", " Rogers Communications Inc. has a great office location, provided a competitive salary and created a wonderful job culture. ", " I would greatly recommend EY to a job seeker. EY is a great place for growth. ", " A good learning platform, where you can learn and grow. However there is no work life balance in the organisation. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", "  \tHands-on experience with various aspects of project management: project planning, requirements gathering, scope management, change control, execution oversight, issue management, and risk mitigation  \tInvolved in every aspect of project life cycle, including collaborative requirements gathering, creating work plans, functional requirements and unit testing plans  \t12 years of experience analyzing, designing, developing, implementing, tuning and supporting the Oracle Hyperion Suite of tools, including Hyperion Essbase, Hyperion Financial Reporting and Hyperion Planning  \tResponsible for application architecture, project management, and Rapid Application Development (RAD)  \tProven team player who keeps multiple tasks in motion while maintaining the overarching project vision  \tStrong experience in interacting effectively with business stakeholders and technical teams at all levels of the organization  \tAnalytical problem solver and critical thinker, innovative and creative, cooperative, results oriented, on-going learner, hands-on, self-motivated, multi-task oriented  \tExcel at mentoring and coaching team members and other colleagues  \tDemonstrated ability to work in a fast-paced, team environment ", " EY is a demanding and challenging workplace, where one can learn a lot. Very early on, we have to manage small teams, interact with key client staff (CFO, Chief Accountant) and directly report to EY partners. My years at EY have been very fulfilling, and have enabled me to develop strong skills in accounting and financial analysis. ", " Experienced accountant having worked in the financial industry in both the United States and Brazil since 2001, I bring unique international financial skills to my clients. Fluent in both English and Portuguese, and able to communicate with Spanish-speaking clientele as well.  I bring my experience and expertise to all procedures pertaining to financial processes, from evaluation and analysis, to controllership, to tracking data and communicating results and recommendations. ", " This company is suited for people with different skills and values then mine. This is a pressurised enviroment. Constant disruptions in your day. A day can not be planned. I gained a better understanding of corporate tax legislation in this company. This company does not work on a work life balance. The review process is corrupted and although you are told that you will be placed in a position that suites your personality, it does not happen. The issuing of billings and phoning of clients with regards to outstanding invoices was the hardest part of this job for me. I loved providing training and guidance to the junior staff and setting up of the National training video conferencing. ", " Complete the task assigned to me. Learned a lot about the IT industry, coding using c# and fix the bugs. Had to ask lot of questions about the task and the instruction and help to complete the task. Hardest part was not enough resources to finish the task (Sometimes) Most enjoyable part was learning different technology in the IT industry and getting paid well. ", " EY is a great place for those aspiring to get their CA - but not so great for those in support functions, such as HR. ", " During period of over 3.5 years i was involved in: - Internal Audits - Gap Analysis - External Audits ", " Everything you hear about big 4 firms is true.  The days are long, the pay isn't much and the work isn't very exciting.  The coworkers are good and help make the work better. ", " SALARIES ARE GENERALLY HIGH AND THE COMPANY IS A HOLDING ENTITY WITH MANY MANY SUBSIDIARIES AND STILL EXPANDING ", " Ernst &amp; Young provides its employees with ample training and development. ", " The company offers a place for people from across the globe. It offers you opportunity to grow and develop with direct interaction with partners and directors. You may work on the sectors and areas of your choice based on demand and positions available. The teams are very multi-cultural and provides you ample space to explore. The competition is tough as it has the best people from the industry working with you. ", "  \tUnderstand the fraud, internal controls policy and compliance policy by inspecting client investment processes, valuation procedures, risk assessment procedures and daily operations  \tManage teams of more than 50 people globally; coordinate audit team activities to meet objectives within time constraints by leading and coaching juniors to ensure all quarterly/yearly financial matters are completed accurately and on a timely basis, coordinate and communicate review memorandum with Ernst and Young inter-offices, audit committee and board of directors  \tWork closely with regulatory bodies for compliance procedures such as investment restrictions, liquid capital requirement to Type 1,4,5,9 SFC licensed corporations and SFC licensed funds  \tWork closely with client and provide professional advisory services on internal control and financial statement disclosure. E.g. segregation of duties, valuation inputs in the methodology and risk exposure   \tDevelop and customize marketing materials to promote audit and advisory services, support sales generation and increase brand recognition to the market  \tRegular contact with external service providers and provide suitable advices to customers on the accounting systems and administrator services  \tReview consolidated and statutory accounts, management letters and generate audit issue memorandum  \tStrong knowledge in USGAAP, IFRS, HKFRS, and experience in carried interest calculation, capital calls, distributions, and SPV accounting, ORSO scheme, GIPS and ISAE 3402 review or SOC 1 report.  \tProvide technical trainings to the team ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> members or clients on various accounting updates or treatments  and technical guidance, organize seminars for hedge funds, private equity funds and Global Investment Performance Standards (\u201cGIPS\u201d) ", " good place to start, good culture, good professional environment, high pressure ", " When I started at Ernst &amp; Whinney  now  Ernst &amp; Young,I was in the mailroom Duplicatig Department I was then just a staff peron doing the daily operations of mailroom and duplicating ", " Ernst &amp; Young is a good professional services firm to work for. ", " Provides numerous opportunities and allows you to become an expert in your chosen field. ", " The assurance/audit practice, as with most accounting and auditing positions, is not glamorous and can be arduous. The work itself can be monotonous until you reach the more experienced senior and manager levels.  However, the individuals that you work with are some of the most intelligent people you will come across. A majority of the management team, from seniors through partners, are willing to go the extra mile and get invested in your career to help you grow as a professional and increase your marketability.  As is the case with any company, there will be those that are less interested in your advancement and could be considered workaholics. Given the high pressure environment, you will run into more of these types than you probably would in another workplace.  Finally, given how shorthanded the company was during my tenure, there was an unfortunate lack of work/life balance and the compensation does not agree to the level of performance you are expected to deliver. ", " Days can range from CRAZY BUSY to a slow pace when not tax time. Learned to give your best each day - bring a positive attitude and a can do attitude to work Good management Friendly coworkers Doing back up jobs on a regular basis Being the hub of the wheel and meeting deadlines. ", " EY is a great place to work.  We have excellent clients and challenging projects. ", " Not very clear team structure, everyone could be your boss and distribute work to you. Partners are not very accessible and always keep their doors shut. But the content of your work is very comprehensive and educational, you learn a lot but you have to somehow deal with moderate pay and poor work life balance during busy season. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " You can learn much and quick in here. Our team always deal with our project effective. Also, we got the highest rating in our company. I always work over time, though I am tried but I also learn a lot there. Like: the comprehensive skill, excel skill, data research and team work. ", " The Partners, Principals, Vice-Presidents, and Associates were a great group to work for.   My co-workers were ready and able to assist me with time sensitive projects, as I was ready to assist them.  I really enjoyed the variety of mandates which kept your interest in various projects. ", " Typical day of work consist of juggling on multiple projects at once, must be good at multi-tasking and time management ", " The working culture at this Company is great. The Company focus on People, Quality, and Growth. ", " Working at E&amp;Y means you hardly have time to think and get bored! This experience has given me the chance to travel, meet lots of people, be part of both big and small teams for national and international projects. ", " Positive and Efficient. IT Audit with financial clients. IT general control. Advisory Work. Project Management. ", " Very challenging and fast learning.  Politics may get into your carrer path. ", " A typical day at work involved having a brief catch up with my group leader (Asia Pacific Private Equity Leader) to discuss the weeks work in progress and what needed to be completed and then working on those tasks in order of priority and urgency. Tasks could include overseas/domestic travel arrangements or creating itineraries for a client roadshow or important trips, client team meeting preparation and execution (creating agendas/action items), managing partners (three) calendars and monitoring emails, making sure partners are getting to meetings on time and action any outstanding tasks were a typical part of my daily routine.  I learned that I worked well at multitasking different projects including completing different partners specific and demanding requests and making sure I prioritized and was timely on my completion. I also learned that the best way to juggle so many tasks is to put these tasks in order of high to low priority and take it one step at a time as I worked in a very fast-paced environment with the responsibility of three very demanding partners.  Due to an increased transaction workload, the team grew exponentially from about 20 to 40 in about a year and a half. As a result of this growth, we were short on administrative assistance and the pressure on me and my workload increased significantly for a while until we hired another assistant. In the meantime though, I was likable and always helpful and knowledgeable on everything EY related so most of the staff would come to me daily with questions which became very disruptive when I was in the middle of ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> a task. The main thing I took away from these experiences is that sometimes you just have push back and advise that you don't have the capacity to assist them and send them on their way. You can only fulfill so many tasks at one time and it all comes down to who has priority.   The most difficult part of my job was the prioritizing of the individual partners I looked after, because in the end, they all thought their requests were more important than the other. This was difficult for me at first but as I gained more experience and confidence, I became more assertive and was comfortable letting them know when they could expect their job to be completed and did my best to please everyone.   The most enjoyable part of the job was the social events that our team valued. Working in transaction tax meant very long hours (for the partners and staff) so it was a very high stress environment during big transaction periods. The leaders of the team appreciate the hard working individuals and would compensate our hard work by taking us on long lunches, having team drinks/events and also presented the hard workers end of year bonuses every year to thank them for their efforts. I really enjoyed this mentality and working for a team that valued their staff as the morale of the team was generally high. ", " I was fortunate to be member in the tax team of EY Cairo, one of the best tax practices in Egypt  The work environment is very friendly and challenging. There is something new which you learn almost everyday.   Partners, managers and staff are professional, friendly and work as one family. ", " A typical day at work is spent at an audit client. I learnt how to audit various components of a set of financial statements including re-computation of: - tax liability - deferred tax - depreciation - borrowing costs for capitalization Also leant how to apply IFRS ", " Lots of work to be done and some of the departments have a great family/work balance attitude. Agile projects are a little different and the expectations is in the office work with limited telecommute for most of the people. ", " I learned a lot in my 7+ years at E&amp;Y - both technical and management skills. ", " Working day consists of engagement with top tier banks assisting their development in Financial Crime framework and controls. ", " Each day would be different. Ordinarily I would be liaising with clients and performing general audit procedures - inquiries of client, analytical modelling, confirmation of account balances and testing of client transactions. ", " Great learning environment with opportunities to gain experience with multiple industries. I supervised multiple teams of 3-7 individuals across various companies in the performance of integrated and non-integrated audits. Great place to work in team settings. ", " This was a really great company to work for. Team players and everyone helped eachother. Unfortunately, I was laid off due to the volitile market. ", " EY's IT Department is currently being run by business people, not technology people. As a result, a number of head scratching mistakes are being made. Valued members of the team are let go for budgetary reasons without consideration to their project load or their legacy knowledge. ", " I have spent over 3 years in EY and I have not come across any uncomfortable situation where I had to deal with a problem alone. Great team members and an excellent place to apply your technical knowledge. ", " That is very nice place to work along with different teams and people. People are very supportive and very helpful. Very good atmosphere to work in office. I learned different methods of Audit support and various techniques from learning hub. ", " A lot of calendaring for my executive and some of the other senior level employees.  External and internal meetings as I worked in Advisory Services. This was a very FAST paced environment.  Here I learned to enjoy the fast pace and really time manage.  We submitted a lot of proposals so I am very familiar with editing/polishing powerpoints etc. for presentations to C-suite externals. the hardest part of the job was making sure everything was done by deadline and so that put a lot of stress on me. It was my first job out of university so I really value the time I worked at EY for I was taught and learned on my own how to handle high pressure situations.  The most enjoyable part of the job was when we won a bid and I knew that I helped contribute to that success.  Management and procedures were very organized and there was room for growth. This place was not hypocritical in their values and they did provide growth for their employees.   Co-workers were either really great to work with (regarded me as a friend and co-worker) regardless of what level. OR they were hierarchical and I did not like this. It was quite a big organization so I didn't get the tight family feeling I receive most times at CPPIB. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Improved my skills and expanded my experience with the overwhelming job duties and responsibilities.  Very unbalanced and unfair practices on the department level with limited opportunity for advancement due to favoritism and racial preferences from the dept management and leadership \"team.\" ", " I am no longer an employee due to downsizing. I worked there for almost 25 years. I was a part of a virtual team in the Business Support Center in the midwest region. We supported local, regional and national customers on a daily basis creating, editing and finalizing financial statements for government filing and daily customer deadlines using Microsoft office 2007. I was also responsible for local print production work and customer intake for the Milwaukee office. I was the face of the support center for Milwaukee. ", " Most enjoyable part was I was able to telework from home. I learned about knowledge sharing, how to get practitioners involved with Lotus Connections Communities.  I worked for a couple of great Senior Managers. ", " I learned a lot about accounting, consulting, and client management at EY. Face to face client interaction on a daily basis. Clients were exciting and varied across a range of industries. No two clients were alike so there is continuous learning.  The workforce is a younger crowd, which is nice ", " Its a nice place to start a career in accountancy. At the firm, there is first class on-the-job training for new staff. The Management is attentive to the complaints of the employees. The hardest part of the job is working long hours and meeting deadlines while at the same time it is fun because you are exposed to new laws, legislations, updates on accounting related matters on a daily basis. The staff works as a team, who believes in goal congruence. ", " Audit trainee. Exposure to many different types of clients  Working in a different environment and with different people, different teams, different managers on a regular basis.  Co workers can work hard and play hard, you people.  Most enjoyable: Culture Hardest part: Very long hours.   ", " Great work life balance and career progress. Having worked there for 8 years I can vouch for the integrity of the people and the way they value their staff. ", " Very fast paced and fun place to work.  Being assigned to multiple high-level executives lead to learning how to juggle hectic schedules to meet everyone's needs with little to no conflict. ", " EY is a competitive place with a very good structure for its employees. Though it may not be the best place for the entrepreneurial kind, it is a great job.  ", " A good learning platform, where you can learn and grow. However there is no work life balance in the organisation. ", " As a campus recruiter you are bringing in human capital for the firm. To be successful in this role you have to really understand the campus climate of the schools you own, love being around college students, and possess the courage and confidence to lead different types of teams. The hardest part of this job is that it's energy depleting and you always have to be \"on\". It's also challenging to maintain a work life balance due to the nature of the role. That said, the team is always there to support you.   ", " Staff shortage to handle the pressure.  Creative environment.  tough bosses who taught me lot of things. ", " GREAT START FOR A FRESHER. A LOT OF LEARNING EXPERIENCE. SUBMISSION OF WEEKLY REPORTS HELPS IN INDIVIDUAL ASSESSMENT. ", " DAILY LEARNING HAPPENS WITH A GREAT TEAM WORKING EFFICIENTLY ON THEIR PROJECTS. GENERATION OF NEW IDEAS HAPPEN. GREAT MANAGEMENT . ", " Indeed, the internship has provided me an opportunity to gain hand on work experience that i cannot get in the classroom. Besides, I get to meet people in my field and learnt to communicate with different clients in an appropriate way. Being under the supervision of my seniors, I am able to accomplish one full audit case.  ", " I learned a lot in my 7+ years at E&amp;Y - both technical and management skills. ", " Work place experience and team managers are willing to help to see you succeed. Satisfied. ", " Good company to work for.  Learned alot about the accounting field. ", " It had been wonderful at all my previous Employers. I learnt teaming from them I was able to relate with other co-workers The enjoyable part of the job was that it was challenging.  ", " Worked with Partners and staff creating proposals and other supporting graphics for fortune 500 companies.  Supported a department of 150 people.  Little supervision.  Some impossible deadlines requiring late night hours. Creative freedom satisfying and interaction with department fun.  Impossible deadlines drawback in the job. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Young and energetic team to work for clients' excellence.  Good training for fresh graduates in terms of meeting various clients in different industries. ", " A typical day at work would be answering inbound calls for most hours of the day and doing projects as assigned. The management were for the most part very nice, friendly, and outgoing. My co-workers were always fun and very hard workers.There was nothing hard about the job and the most enjoyable part were on Friday's when we could dress up and wear our favorite sports teams.  ", " There are many supportive networks at EY to help you along your career. Definitely the best place to launch your career if you are interested in accounting. ", " I worked for E&amp;Y for over 13 years.  I cannot tell you how much I love this company!  They are very employee-friendly, offering many advance opportunities and support.  I only left the company because I got married and started a family and could no longer work the long hours my position required.  Management is terrific and their doors were always open for questions or concerns.  They always made me feel like I was an imperative part of the entire E&amp;Y team and I wholly recommend this company to anyone looking for an exceptional professional services firm to work for. ", " A great place to gain experience in the world of graphic of design and print. ", " A typical day is taking care of last minute request's (audio visual equipment, re-set on rooms, catering) I have learned to take it all in stride &amp; to get the request's done as fast as we can. I worked with the best Team, we all would help each other out regardless of what needed to be done. Management would help out as needed &amp; worked with our schedule's &amp; gave the Team the ability to make decisions on the best of our knowledge. The toughest part of the job was last minute changes in a request, however the reward was making the Customer happy that we were able to get the request done in a fast manner. ", " Learned instructional design and the responsibilities of being a consultant, client comes first. Enjoyed co-workers an management. Enjoyed traveling  ", " Long hours are required to progress. Those who excel are rewarded moderately 'long term greedy' attitude. The quality of leadership varies greatly - in part due to the aforementioned elements - some fast risers, some stuck in a rut. Colleagues are intelligent, hard working and high calibre, with odd exception - these tend not to last long however. All in all very enjoyable but keen to use accrued knowledge in industry due to 4-5 day/week travel required across UK.  ", " Awesome experience. Had a great time overthere. Learns a lot, met some very good fellows, working environment was too good.   ", " Challenging, high-activity workplace with extremely intelligent coworkers. ", " People value and innovative, a strong culture of people first and constant challenging the normal. A life example of quality and constant challenging oneself. ", " Ernst &amp; Young provides its employees with many opportunities to learn and to distinguish themselves.  The Company also provides management opportunities at a very young age. ", " I worked in the financial team for the consulting and advisory services in the Canberra offices.  A great opportunity to understand the internal machinations of government.  ", " -Great Starting Career place for young graduates. -Works by team basis ", " Seniors and managers can be really annoying. Not very organized when it comes to the work. ", " Market pressure caused the firm to reduce headcount in the Financial Services Advisory practices.  I had the highest utilization in my practice, but my unique skillset was difficult for them to deploy effectively in a \"go-forward\" mindset, despite high utilization in three of the past four years (go figure).  So I was let go, after almost twelve years, two months shy of a $20,000+ bonus and ONE WEEK PRIOR to the birth of my second child.  There is an incredible opportunity to learn and grow at EY, but don't think for a second that they care about you as a person. ", " I was in a rotational program within the business advisory program in financial services at Ernst and Young. Some of the projects were fantastic other were not as dynamic. I think the program offered great structure and training but did not offer a clear focus. With employees looking to explore and find themselves career wise I think this program is great. For employees that are specific in what they want to do, this program may not be a great fit as one has little to no control on the projects he/she will be staffed on. Overall a good experience, great training, skill building, and great environment.  ", " My tenure at E&amp;Y was a wonderful experience that launched my career and put me on a successful path towards reaching my career goals and objectives. ", " Manager who knows how to intergrate a work team, focus on compatibility of strenghts and weaknessess. Good team leader  ", "  \tPerformed the audit of financial statements (Balance Sheets, Income Statements, Cash Flows)  \tPerformed audit procedures and proposed accounting adjustments identified during the firework to audit seniors.  \tFollowed up with clients\u2019 inquiries to finalize adjustments entries.  "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Enjoyed working for Ernst &amp; Young for there is a very good opportunity for exposure to other industries   The work environment is very conducive where team work and interpersonal skills are greatly enhanced ", " In a  typical day I arranged extensive and complex travel planning foreign and domestic. Served as liaison between the financial services office and clients, on various matters. Processed multiple expense reports with foreign currency conversion. Provided administrative support to the Financial Services Department Created innovative PowerPoint Presentations I learned a lot of foreign currency conversion, I learned how to obtain a VISA. Booking travel arrangements I found to be one of the more enjoyable parts of the job. ", " A typical day at work was when we were loading GAMx on all audit staff machines when we could work all day upto even 12 midnight.I learned a lot on my career as shown on my cv and to be a good team player and teeam work.The management was an excellent team to work with so was the co-workers.The hardest part of the job was that new technology was introduced without any training however would have a work around to everything and it ended up being exciting being able to find solutions on your own.The most enjoyable part of the job was that it was an environment to learn a new lot of tasks. ", " The busy seasons at EY involved very long hours with tight deadlines.  However, this lasts for less than half a year and the remainder of the year is less hectic.  You learn how to multi-task and manage your time.  You also learn how to communicate and develop your skills very quickly.  The advantage is that you have a close-knit group of colleagues and active social life outside of the busy season.    ", " 30 November 2012 It was an extremely very busy day and the work load we had was twice what we usually had. It was quiet a long draining day but most importantly, it benefitted us to the level best of our individual growth and improved our skills to the better.  ", " Challenge work, good relationship between peers, good training, good benefit. A lot overtime. ", " Hectic work routine... if you want to achieve deadlines Learn alot... interaction with new people.. tricky application of accounting and IFRS At the same time you have to manage people and report your superiors so they can manage you Hardest part is you have to work 15 to 17 hours a day Sense of achievement is worthwhile after this ", " Management in Assurance as a whole is and was terrible and did not really have an ear to the floor to properly understand the work ethic and feelings of their trainee accountants to improve efficiency happiness and productivity. Some partners were great but were far and few between or lacked enough dominance to make changes.  Pay was terrible (terrible industrywide) for hours worked and the qualifications at hand. Lack of proper training provided by properly trained and motivated staff when compared to other big 4 firms. Often left to figure out things yourself and when you make a mistake they are surprised and annoyed yet thats why its a training contract....we supposed to be mentored and trained to learn to do the job not guess and learn from errors every time.  JiT experience limited to a select few and terrible program versus other big 4 firms.  It was great mixing with people of similar age and views when working in our teams and support staff were great. Travel allowance paid was fair and appreciated.  No proper talent retention programme in place despite them professing to be good at it. They let really good staff go without trying to find out why or what they could do to keep them, showed a 'I'm too good for you and don't need you' attitude.  People culture as a whole has really gone down the drain there when compared to the year I signed up. I was completely blown away by how great they were until I started working for them. It shows by the massive staff exodus over the past 2 years at all levels of management.  Other divisions as whole had better management ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> and more positive staff which made most trainee accountants wanting to stay on to seek employment opportunites at other divisions outside of Assurance.   ", " Good place to learn and grow, people are professional and friendly, there is sufficient training. ", " Ernst and Young for me is the gretaest company as I have started my career over there and have got a chance to learn a lot about practices in different industries. The firm has made my base very strong in accounting standards and auditing. Management was very co operative. Co workers were always helpful. The hardest part of the job was late sittings and the enjoyable is the na,e of the Ernst and Young itself. ", " E&amp;Y was a strong choice for my first internship in the corporate field. Here, I learned the basics of consultancy and audit, and although I did not deliver a cohesive project at the end, I received one-on-one mentoring and training throughout. Thus, I was involved in several company reviews and positioned to learn the different functions that go into providing advisory services to companies.  Although markets in the Gulf region are largely private, and therefore all information highly confidential, I gained a solid understanding of the work culture and ethic that govern one of the richest states in the region.  My internship at E&amp;Y served to introduce me to the world of corporations and laid the foundations for my future interests and goals - transaction advisory services, valuation and business modeling.  ", " This position was a high level administrative assistant job taking care of various duties such as scheduling meetings, working with documents and spreadsheets, expense reporting, travel arrangements and taking care of the smaller details so the executives could focus on the bigger picture.  I enjoyed the fast past environment and that everyday was different. ", " Unpredictable, varied and good access to training and development ", " EY is an elite Big 4 firm equally dedicated to its clients and its people, helping both to grow and achieve. ", "   Developed and maintained productive working relationships with client personnel and assess clients' satisfaction.   Perform direct fieldwork daily, inform supervisors of the engagement status, and manage staff performance.   Adapt the audit approach to the changing client environment and demonstrate a thorough understanding of complex accounting and auditing concepts while applying them to client situations.   Effectively delegate tasks and provide guidance to staff. Provide performance feedback and training, and conduct performance reviews.   Foster an efficient, innovative, and team-oriented work environment. Contribute ideas/opinions to the audit teams and listen/respond to other team members' views.   Use technology to continually learn, share knowledge with team members, and enhance service delivery. ", " This was my first job out of college. There was a heavy workload and a lot of people that I could rely on for career advice. You learn a lot on time managment. ", " Great atmosphere and location, good people and management. ", " Great opportunity to move up and great management team. Got to work with a wide array of companies from several different industries. ", " My work start at 8:30 up to i finish my tasks. My work always were set based on budget and every night i put a list for the next day which should be based on my overall budget. Each client and industry i audit it is different which enhance my experience also my co-workers is changing for each job but all of them are nice and very practical. My hardest part of job is when client is facing a new accounting problem which he has to ask us so i have to search everywhere to solve it and my employer has all the information and applications that help me in solving most of the problems. The most enjoyable part when we finish the busy season and have our end of season party then i start to update my self through technical training that offered by my employer. ", " fun environment, lots to learn, exciting, long hours, lots of traveling "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " could learn practical skills from EY, a very competitive place with very nice co-workers. ", " General archiving of files and setting up a spreadsheet, that was to be sent down to the Birmingham office, as the Nottingham branch was closing down. ", " Ernst &amp; Young afforded me many opportunities including expanding upon my administrative experience, networking, and increased my overall knowledge of recruiting. ", " A typical day at work includes welcomed challenges and opportunities for personal and professional growth. ", " I only worked for Ernst &amp; Young for a year and was a little bored with this job. The Manager I worked for really didn't need an Assistant, therefore I needed to move on so I could be happier in my job. ", " Job is on a project basis, with exposure to a diverse range of clients. Responsibilities involve analysis of client business processes, identifying risk areas and areas of improvement. ", " Everything you hear about big 4 firms is true.  The days are long, the pay isn't much and the work isn't very exciting.  The coworkers are good and help make the work better. ", " Enjoyable, respectful work environment. Very fortunate to have been temporarily placed here while transitioning back into corporate from retail and studying for my MBA. ", " Job Title: Records Department Clerk (pulled, created, sorted and documented important requested records for various companies (Citi, Texas Instruments, TXU, Belo, JP Morgan, etc. ) ", " I feel i was well groomed after I ended my internship in E&amp;Y. I was regarded as a very supportive Intern by some senior auditors. It was an experience full of learning, grooming and improving communication skills. ", " I have been fortunate to have many different opportunities working on some incredible clients, being a part of some amazing teams, and building some substantial personal and professional relationships. ", " Most co-workers are really good and they strive to have a great culture ", " EY is a great company to work for and has many opportunities to move upward based on personal goals. ", " EY is a great firm to work for. The opportunities are endless. ", " Working for Ernst &amp; Young was an intern was a fantasic experience. I got to learn alot about auditing and it really helped me polish my education I learned at the university. It truly proves to be the one of the Big 4s. ", " transaction service department provides a full range of consulting services to the clients from lead advisory, operational advisory and financial due diligence. ", " Learn from different professionals with different capabilities &amp; talents and also in different countries ", " I enjoyed learning how to do tax preparations. The atmosphere was very uplifting and so professional. ", " Great people. Great intern program and learning experience. The work could get monotonous but can really see a clear skill projection and room for growth. ", "  Accountable for planning, evaluating and executing the audit strategy, including test of controls and analytical procedures. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Great teamwork and learning was exponential. However, busy season seemed to be 3/4 of the year, which made it hard to balance work/life. ", " I've had a great experience here, since it makes you grow more than technical skills. EY encourages interpersonal growth, in order to provide excellence as client service professional. ", " A good place that you can learn a lot about businesses and their operations. Team work was a significant part of the work. ", " Excellent leadership Top-talent professionals Challenging projects ", " Great place to work to develop skills and advance quickly. Attracts the best individuals in the industry. Fantastic knowledge base and resources. ", " The people that I worked with were some of the brightest young minds in the area. The dedication of the workforce was testament to their investment into their people. Great place to work. ", " It was interesting to see that your Project Manager cherish your background and even ask for your opinions, meanwhile you will learn much more from themselves. ", " Cannot recommend EY Advisory. The overall Advisory business in struggling in Canada. ", " ernst and young gave me a chance to prove and show myself that I am capable of being ablr to work in a office and that I can work in a team very well. ", " Wonderful learning and mentoring environment. Encourages fostering great relationships with all levels. ", " Great learning experience in getting public accounting experience.  Got to see multiple clients and industries. ", " It really depends on the group, team culture and project type. ", " managed day to day administrative tasks heavy phone volume no growth potential 40 hour week, no OT required located right in the heart of mid town ", " Always enjoy working with the people from the firm as they are very nice and helpful as well as knowledgeable and technical! ", " Very big company. Assurance Advisory Tax Professional services ", " Ernst &amp; Young provides its employees with ample training and development. ", " My main role in the team is to get the audit procedures explained to staff in the team and get the same executed as per the timelines and get proper allocation of work and ensure timely completeness. ", " Great place to work with great co workers and inclusive culture ", " EY is a great place to work. In my 12 years at the firm I had numerous opportunities to make a difference, to learn, and to make a difference. ", " A typical day began very early running into the late hours.  Each member of the CSA team worked independently of each other while providing assistance when needed "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " A typical day at work is 10 - 14 hours long with 4-6 hours of legitimate client serving work and the rest being occupied by useless administrative requirements. There are a lot of great people at the company, particularly at or below the manager level. After that they all become occupied with making partner. The hardest part of the job is putting up with all of the admin garbage that serves no purpose. The most enjoyable part of the job is the people and the problem solving. However, you will work a lot more and make less than your peers in industry but that is to be expected in public. ", " Overall, big 4s are always the good starting point for fresh graduate, you can learn more here, and see more here. ", " Great company marred internally with an overabundance of non-inclusive activities and purposeful de-railing direction provided to staff and interns complements of the senior staff and managers guiding them. Significant deficiencies in both experience and maturity to handle a supervisory role in a professional manner. This is an ego-crushing environment where your self-confidence will be frequently challenged and eroded. This is an extremely hostile environment with young, inexperienced players in management positions. ", " Daily desktop and infrastructure support for 1200 plus users in Boston office and additional as needed technical support for New England and Island offices, support consist of desktop support related to hardware and software issues and projects, VOIP and infrastructure support also required daily. Team consists of five individuals in a very fast paced demanding environment, and the challenge is enjoyable. The difficult aspect of this current position is room for career growth within the firm. ", " Ernst &amp; Young fosters a team-based, collaborative environment. Importantly, there are ample opportunities to learn and build upon my background. ", " an innovative environment where challenging and interesting work is part of daily life.  Accenture's Consulting workforce is involved in business consulting, process design work and the application of technologies to business. A career in Consulting is varied and stimulating because each project presents a new challenge and will give you exposure to new clients, business issues, technologies and people. We need people who are able to challenge conventional thought, offer unique perspectives and conceive more innovative solutions for our clients.  Working as a consultant with Accenture, you will build core bu ", " E&amp;Y is a great company to work. My position became redundant after the Global re-organization. I have no regrets working at this company. ", " 1) client delivering and prospecting + some researching 2) manage global teams 3) sales DNA 4) NY team - amazing professional skills and experienced 5) funding the operation 6) closing a deal ", " I have enjoyed the 10 + years I have worked at EY and recommend it as a good place to learn and grow into a career. ", " Professional and productive environment; however, I disliked their company culture. ", " In Ernst &amp; Young, i have acquired diversified skills in the field of audit and finance while engaged in various audit of multinationals Companies. During my career, i had worked with different teams and have found it interesting to have every audit with changed environment. However, due to strict deadlines, some times it was hard to give time to personal life. ", " Good working environment, flexible working hours, excellent management and a place to learn and grasp skills ", " Ernst and Young in Glasgow is a fun to place to work. Everyday is diffent and the colleagues I have met and worked with over the years have became very close friends ", " Everything you would expect working in a large multi-national accounting/consulting firm. People all around are probably nicer than competitors. ", " A typical day at work begins with me doing my morning routines. These include checking the server room environment (Temperature), checking that all servers are up and running, checking that all systems are running and that our link is up and running, checking the backup power systems and ensuring that the U.P.S is charging and that the generators are running.  I have learnt that building a career is a rigorous task and it is something that is not achieved in a short space of time but through hard work and diligence. It is not a sprint but a marathon.  The managment is always keen to hear our views on the day to day happenings in the office wheter good or bad. They also encourage office synergy by promoting social functions that allow staff to get to know one another  My co-workers are a brilliant bunch. We may disagree as all humans do but there is no begrudging mentality and everyone is willing to chip in to assist a fellow workmate in his/her time of need. They are a sociall lot and enjoy mingling with each other.  The hardest part of the job is when critical work needs to be done and I have very limited resources. This tends to make the job quite dificult indeed.  I enjoy assisting my clients and them acknowledging my inptut towards them completing their tasks. ", " I enjoyed working with EY, learned alot of things and gained alot of skills. ", " A typical day for supporting two partners and directors can be hectic. This can be fun as I work with talented people. They are keen to develop skills they recognise you are good at and can also acquire.  I have learnt that detail, patiences and good people skills help when working to tight deadline.  I like the team spirit in the department and the level involvement you are allowed to have. ", " Very good training. Excellent place to hone skills and earn experience, but very low salaries along with terrible long hours. ", " Ernst and Young was my first experience in the accounting field. It helped me discover what areas I do and don't like ", " A typical day at work revolves around assesing client engangments which are planned, allocating resources to the engangment and scoping of assignments if auditable areas have been agreed to already. I engnage the Senior Manager to update our resource planner to ensure work plans are well resourced. I carry out reviews of engangmenr files including reports from such asssignments Management is very supportive and give me leeway to make most decisions with minimum supervision . The hardest part of the job is to ensure everyone is planned on assignment as our client base has reduced and is not enough to keep everyone bsuy. The most enjoybale part is the actual work which is very diverse and challenging "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Excellent Culture in the team, everyone is very supportive. ", " EY offers wonderful opportunities for highly driven individuals.  The experience and tools are second to none. ", " I learned to solve problems by myself in a limited time. Get advanced Excel and word skills. Known a lot of people from travelling. ", " Awesome place to work at good culture great exposure Integrated ", " Very familiar with co-workers. I just joined at EY Corp with no knowledge about the purchasing.  however, co-workers have helped me out to learn how to work my tasks. ", " Daily work includes meeting with engagement team to review engagement economics, ensure teams are on track with budget, review budget vs. actual with complex engagements. ", " Support of Investran system implementations. I learned about the SunGard solutions and products offered to their clientele. It is a heavy travel position. ", " Friendly work environment Team Work Professional Staff Training Support in education ", " Manager who knows how to intergrate a work team, focus on compatibility of strenghts and weaknessess. Good team leader  ", " In my Internship at Ernst Young Assurance section last summer. I learned how to excel at listening, learning, and sharing. Team work is the key to achieving extraordinary outcomes. ", " Young and energetic team to work for clients' excellence.  Good training for fresh graduates in terms of meeting various clients in different industries. ", " Great professional Company to work for here in Downtown Cleveland. This company is very well known. ", " I would greatly recommend EY to a job seeker. EY is a great place for growth. ", " It is a great place to work. I have only worked at Ernst &amp; young and have had a great learning experience thre. ", " Good company if one is prepared to put one's personal life on hold, but that is very typical of all consulting companies and accounting firms. ", " Its very difficult to write about a big organization such as EY. All I can say, its wonderful to be here. ", " I worked in the financial team for the consulting and advisory services in the Canberra offices.  A great opportunity to understand the internal machinations of government.  ", " Exposed to significant accounting functions where I gained hands on experience dealing with complex situations. ", " Typical day at EY is formatting ppts, proposals or printing and binding documents for employees to take to clients or prospective clients. ", " good experience, decent hours, lots of work, lot of trainings, varied client base "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Spending over 5 years at Ernst &amp; Young International (Chartered Accountants) leading to various audit, assurance, advisory, tax and due diligence assignments, performing roles as accountant , auditor and experience assurance senior on our Fortune 500 &amp; statutory clients , I have acquired ample skills &amp; expertise to get along with assigned roles as accountant in efficient and effective manner. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is a pioneer and champion when it comes to corporate knowledge management, fostering a knowledge sharing culture and recruiting and grooming leading experts in the field of knowledge management. Company boasts among best experts in the field of KM, including internationally referenced authors and authorities in the field of KM. ", " E&amp;Y is one of the best accounting firms anybody could imagine to work for. The firm culture is very kind and human capital respectful. It's not only a great place to work at, but also an excellent place to learn from. ", " Very busy, lots of interacting with clients on different levels,I enjoy dealing with people ", " 5days a week, 8hours/day I learned some assurance skill from my coach, such as updating financial statements, exam the internal control of client, communication and interview skill with client and so on. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is family type atmosphere where people are courteous and work well together as team. I learned how to work well with others ensuring everything runs smoothly without any glitches. Our greatest strengths are consistently communicating regularly with the clients, potential hires,and each other. Management always made sure we're kept abreast with the latest news regarding the company, whether it's good or bad. They have an open door policy whenever one needs to voice his or concerns regarding work or personal issues. There really isn't anything hard about the job, it's simply one must have the mindset of getting the job done for the interest of the client, who the company always place as top priority. My most enjoyable part of the job was learning new skills and becoming a sounding board for new hires who weren't certain how to adjust to their new responsibilities and make them feel comfortable. ", " Very fun and youthful staff - great exposure to financial markets ", " There are no typical days at EY. One any given day the assignments and work can and will vary. The firm places people first and it is integrated well into its corporate culture.  The work environment provides opportunities to take leadership positions based on ability and accomplishments rather than seniority. My colleagues are driven, motivated and talented. ", " A typical day at work would involve juggling multiple projects, meeting with senior managements, client calls and analysis. ", " A lot of support for your job needs, great people, firm had history of 30% employee return rate to E&amp;Y, great benefits. ", " Learned how to prepare financial statements from A to Z related to several industries. Learned how to test the company's controls and decide if we could rely on these controls . Increased my knowledge in IFRS , US GAAP and SOCPA. ", " Although I enjoyed working with my co-workers, however, the pay sucked and no room for growth. ", " people are collaborative and helpful work is challenging but interesting learning curve is sharp ", " There's no denying E&amp;Y's impact on your resume. If you can handle the long hours and (generally) extremely boring and tedious work, you can make a great career for yourself or, at a minimum, add a strong bullet to your resume.  Work hours can be long but the firm can also be very flexible when you need time off or have personal needs to work out. The work is often extremely repetative at the lower levels and the job becomes more of a sales position as you increase in rank. Pay is average (although EY likes to make you think otherwise).  Great place to start your career and as long as you can handle traveling and the stress of not knowing where you'll physically be from week to week, you'll be glad you did. Definitely not for me, but there are plenty of people who would be a great fit here. ", "  Involved in Planning and performing statutory audits in accordance with International Accounting Standards  Understand key business risks and its impact on financial statements.  Identify and evaluate internal controls and consider its impact on planning materiality.   Substantive test for the various accounts of financial statements through analytical review and test of balances.  Involved with management during the reporting phase and resolution of business and audit issues to finalize the audit reports.  Involved in preparation of complete sets of financial statements with its related notes.  Developing and maintaining client relationships. ", " Cheerful and encouraging people as well good team players. There were proper structures (leadership and support) and there was a lot of exposure to all the aspects of accounting, auditing and tax, as well as financial management. ", " Involves team work, I was exposed to different industries, the hardest part of thejob is meeting the dead lines when the client is not cooporating ", " I have learned a lot from my experiences working in EY. I have exposed to various finance related work for various industries. ", " The work is usually very demanding, but everyone is always there to help out. In transaction, the work load seems to vary depending on the number of projects at hand. Management is also very approachable, which is good when you have questions that need answering. ", " Wonderful learning and mentoring environment. Encourages fostering great relationships with all levels. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Its always a challenge to one's thinking process. The organisation prides itself of treating everyone with respect and have instil this value with all the staff. Management and staff sit in an open plan therefore no boundaries restricting openness. Good mix of people to work with very diverse. Travelling is part of the requirement of the jop and is very hard for me as it affects my family. I love working with people. ", " It is a great place to earn technical knowledge and skills as a CPA. ", " Typical day at work is highly productive. I have learned the technicality of internal audit. Management differs from person to person however, on an overall, it is good. My co-workers are highly proffesional in service delivery. hardest part of the job is not being rated on merit of your performance. most enjoyable part of the job is working with diffrent types of people and company sectors. ", " Operating a computerised switchboard,Organising staff rota,carry out staff monthly reviews.  I learnt to use company spread sheets which helped with locating required information.  Management mostly heard but not seen.  Staff members very hard working and good team players.  There not really a hard part just getting used to new tasks.  The work and the team I worked with. ", " I work for clients. sent out to work. I put in extra long hours. ", " A day starts off with responding to the fresh emails in your inbox assuming you do not have any immediate priorities before noon. The day is generally focused on priorities that will have the biggest gain, such as updating budget to actual files and relaying updates to Financial Leadership relating to high level accounts and projects. My coworkers are very supportive as we try our best to help each other. We constantly interact with many different people which spans internationally. Leadership reporting is usually done on a regional level relating to revenue and cash forecasting. The most difficult part of the job is handling the heavy workload as our responsibilities are vast. The most enjoyable part of my position is working with high level accounts with a very diverse group of skilled people. I enjoy how supportive everyone is. In this position, I learned how to manage my time well and work with a variety of personalities. I also learned the firms revenue recognition system. The reporting helped hone my excel skills. ", " SyCip, Gorres, Velayo and Co., or most commonly known as SGV and Co., is a member firm of Ernst and Young Global. It is the largest professional service firm in the Philippines. As such, it has the most number of clients from banking, manufacturing, mining, telecommunication, gas and oil, media and other industries. During busy season, life in SGV is marathon. Staff, seniors and even managers are working 24 hours a day just to submit statutory requirements as needed by clients. ", " Statutory audit, compliance audit, provision of tax and advisory services ", " Daily work includes meeting with engagement team to review engagement economics, ensure teams are on track with budget, review budget vs. actual with complex engagements. ", " I have been with E&amp;Y for almost 8 years. Good company to work for. ", " Ernst and Young is a Big 4 Accounting giant that teaches its new hires about business and how to survive in the dog-eat-dog world. Some of the reputation of Ernst and Young being a meat grinder for new hires (long hours, difficult deadlines) is warranted, but the groups I worked with in Seattle and Salt Lake were great teams who made the accounting routine fun. As a Manager in Salt Lake we would occasionally have late night dart tourneys where heckling and intimidation were undertaken to excess at times (I was a participant--not a leader in the insaneness). I always took pride in the work I performed at E&amp;Y in that we did quality work in a timely fashion. The clients paid top dollar for our work, but they appreciated the end product and rarely disputed the bills. ", " I audited many companies in and around England. It was a great into to business. I performed basic auditing procedures with a London team for audits of small to large companies.  This was an overseas internship through a school so there was no compensation for my work. ", " My internship gave me the knowledge and power that I need to survive in the real world. I learned that it is vital to make contacts and keep in touch with our former supervisors, as they will be very helpful for us. The management and staff were very friendly and very helpful in company integration. Project given to me was exciting and new, offering a good test of experience as well as promoting intellectual growth\u2003 ", " As an intern here, I developed many skills here. My supervisor was very helpful in teaching me how to use all the necessary company software. Everyday was a novel experience here, there was a lot to learn but everyone was friendly and eager to extend their knowledge to the interning administrative assistants. I worked very hard to get this internship and all the hard work was worth it. ", " Typical day includes developing and maintaining client relationships and assist with tax planning/savings opportunities. Work directly with seniors mainly in tax compliance for corporate, partnerships, S-corporations, and individuals. It gives me great pleasure to watch our young staff grow and develop. ", " Late sittings are very common. Worl load was also much but benefits were also very lucrative. ", " Hardwork, specially in peak season (income tax return) where you learn a lot. ", " This was a really great company to work for. Team players and everyone helped eachother. Unfortunately, I was laid off due to the volitile market. ", " EY's IT Department is currently being run by business people, not technology people. As a result, a number of head scratching mistakes are being made. Valued members of the team are let go for budgetary reasons without consideration to their project load or their legacy knowledge. ", " Its good company. learnt all management skills finance management coworkers are helpful night shift atmosphere "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Fantastic company but now time to find something closer to home ", " Very good training. Learn fundamentals of business. Very intelligent people. ", " EY had great work environment and is employee friendly company. ", " Good Learning, Good Working Environment, Learning New things, High Volume of transactions ", " All about I did in EY, help to know something that i use in mi life every day. ", " could learn practical skills from EY, a very competitive place with very nice co-workers. ", " EY is top 10 best employer worldwide. Career growth is embedded in EY workplace and empowering employees ", " Great exposure, fast paced environment with variety of projects. ", " diverse culture great people not the best compensation mediocre work ", " Large, well run global company with smart colleagues working on important problems. ", " Great experience very demanding job long term job security bad financial package ", " Provides numerous opportunities and allows you to become an expert in your chosen field. ", " You need to put your time in but flexibility is a practiced concept there. ", " This was the best job I ever had. I always felt as if I was a part of a team and valued as an employee. ", " Loved working here. Very good work culture. Lots of smart people. Great learning opportunities. ", " Very intense workload. Very technical issues with clients. ", " Challenge work, good relationship between peers, good training, good benefit. A lot overtime. ", " -Great Starting Career place for young graduates. -Works by team basis ", " Great place to work with great co workers and inclusive culture ", " I enjoyed working with EY, learned alot of things and gained alot of skills. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " My experience at Ernst &amp; Young is great. I have been working here since 8 months and gained a lot here. Has been acting as senior at some jobs reporting directly to managers. Also been a competitive team member in various audit. Overall its a great learning curve for my career ", " This is a great place for someone who is just starting out in their career. I have learned a lot about time management, getting things done on time, by the deadline and within budget. The project management skills learned in this company are invaluable. The price you pay however is that you have to get used to people with different work styles, and learn to sacrifice your personal life for the job. Because of the competitive nature of the business, sometimes you might end up feeling on your own in identifying solutions. ", " At E&amp;Y every day involved a different type of work and it was exciting to exposed to different projects and working with different people. I learned there a lot about working in a team and managing other accountants while working on large scale projects. The most enjoyable part of the job was the culture and having the chance to work with high level executives that are industry veterans and have great insights. ", " Performed works effectively and efficiently  Learned about culture, value system of the company  Managed by well experienced businessmen.  Had a friendly relationship with co-workers. Trained, motivated, advised when it was necessary  Dealing with Unions  Board presentations ", " The people that I worked with were great and very helpful. Always had room to grow within the company. ", " Research, tax compliance and planning. Great group of knowledgeable professionals at all levels. ", " If you want to learn a lot this is the perfect place for it. The youngest of the must of the people makes it a great place to be. ", " Nice place for advancement. Great place to learn and create long lasting working relationship. Ideas are encouraged. ", " diverse culture great people not the best compensation mediocre work ", " Best job I ever had working with the best people in the industry. ", "   Generate audit procedures of 5 companies in charge of Accounts payables and receivables   Audited firms include Srilankan Airlines, HEMAS holdings PLC (FMCG), Unilever, The Hilton and Nestle ", " I would come to work 9-5 from Monday - Friday. My boss would give me severial projects to work on in which I would to have to be very organized and very detial oriented because this work would go out to clients. Overall I love working at this place even though it was many different personailties I had to gt use to. ", " -- Developed and executed a strategic internal communications plan to increase alignment and engagement across a North American practice; Worked with Canada and Mexico leads to tailor local market communications -- Drafted a weekly employee e-newsletter, internal memos, executive speeches and intranet content; Coached leaders on effective communication; Project managed webcasts and national meetings ", " The one thing that is always constant is change and you have to be willing to ride the wave. It is a rewarding fast paced and intellectually challenging place to work. The opportunities to grow are endless. ", " Always enjoy working with the people from the firm as they are very nice and helpful as well as knowledgeable and technical! ", " - typical day would start out with morning meetings, then clearing out all the remedy tickets from the que. Reaching out to clients with their issues with resolutions. - management - okay - co workers - great group and team players - hardest part - saying no - the most enjoyable - satifaction of completing projects, tickets, clients reviews on job done ", " My job was quality assurance. Review tax credit forms before sending to the states. There are a lot of rules to remember. There is constant change, states would change the rules at a moments notice. In this job you must be willing to deal with change.  Management has changed a few times within the six years I was there. This last change was the worse thing that could happen to the Work Oppurity Tax credit program. our new manager came from a different program. She wanted changes made as soon as she came in. Ifound it hard to deal with. The reason for this is we as a team worked hard to grow the company &amp; get the reputations of doing quality work. Now, the new boss said our goal is to send these out. When they came back because of an error at that time we will correct them. I say if you are going to do it do it right the first time. This was the first time I did not agree with managemnt. ", " I loved EY and all of the people there. Many long hours but the culture makes up for it. ", " Great growth opportunity and work environment. A great learning experience and lots of travel and client interaction. Working with exceptional leaders that are really good at what they do. Working with people that are dedicated to highest quality standards. We had fun working together at work and doing volunteer services. Ability to maintain lifelong friendships with former coworkers. ", " ITS FUN AND ENJOYABLE,HAVE LEARNED HOW TO WORK WITH PEOLPE.MANAGEMENT IS GOOD,MY CO WORKERS ARE FUN PEOAPLE TO WORK WIT,THE HARDEST PART OF MY WORK IS TO CHASE PEOPLE FOR EVIDENCE WHO DOESNT WANT TO CORPERATE,MOST ENJOYABLE PART IS TO CRACK THE CASE I W AS FOLLOWING. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Reception/Telephone  Very busy Recepion order lunches  Prepare meeting rooms ", " Excellent work life balance. great on the job coaching and feedback ", " EY was a contract job for me. Its was a great location to work at. ", " Sometimes overload of work, but an excellent place to learn. ", " A very fast paced environment that provided challenge daily. ", " Ernst &amp; Young is a great place to work. It was an honor to be a part of a big 4 accounting firm. ", " Consulting with EY is a great opportunity to work with different companies and learn. ", " I really enjoyed working at EY. Learn a lot, everyone were nice and down to earth. ", " My coworkers and team members are so cooperative.  During my secondment i enjoyed a lot. ", " It's a great place to learn from your boss as well as your peers. ", " Very fun and youthful staff - great exposure to financial markets ", " Hardwork, specially in peak season (income tax return) where you learn a lot. ", " Good place to work but most of IT operations have been moved or outsourced ", " Depends on the office, but overall a great place to work! Work Hard, Play Hard ", " - Good company to work for - The partner that you work for will make the difference ", " Typically work long hours. Raises do not factor in the amount of hours that you work. ", " Learning curve on retail for me. A number of new skills learnt. ", " Great place - ideal culture for professional services firm ", " good experience, decent hours, lots of work, lot of trainings, varied client base ", " EY is a great place to work.  We have excellent clients and challenging projects. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Great exposure, fast paced environment with variety of projects. ", " Gained alot of Junior PA skills, learnt new software and all the employees were very welcoming and friendly. ", " Great learning experience Global firm you get global exposure ", " One of the best companies I have worked for.   Incredible resources, Facilities and training and develpment ", " EY was a contract job for me. Its was a great location to work at. ", " customer strategy and operations with nationwide presence ", " ... that unfortunately had to end due to circumstances that were beyond my control. ", " fast working environment. You can learn a lot in a short period of time. ", "  \tAudit of financial statements for banks, industrial and commercial companies; SOX engagement for banks and telecom firm ", " My coworkers and team members are so cooperative.  During my secondment i enjoyed a lot. ", " EY had great work environment and is employee friendly company. ", " Work place experience and team managers are willing to help to see you succeed. Satisfied. ", " On a typical day there were system issues and not enough help to go around when needed. ", " LOVE THIS JOB. LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT IT ! EVERYTHING JUST WORKS THERE. ", " Cant say enough about this place it was my first job. they will work you hard but it will be for the best. ", " A typical day at work: If I arrived first, my duties were to turn on the lights and turn the computers on and activate the phone. There was the main reception at the entry of the company and another reception on the 2nd floor.  Main Receptin area: I was basically answering the phone a lot and dispatching the phone calls to the right employees and/or I took messages and sent them to the right departments. I managed the meeting rooms, the parking \"waiting\" list, the dispatching of the bus tickets, the visitors passes as well as the leasing contrats.  2nd floor Reception: I worked with Sodexo as they were serving the food &amp; drinks on the second floor and my duty was to stay in touch with my work colleagues who were working at the main entry. They warned me every time customers woud take the lift to arrive on the 2nd floor so that I could wait for them in front of the lift and show them the meeting room where they would stay. I worked with the Sodexo team because I was in charge of preparing the Menu cards.  I learned specifically to deal with stress because we were 4 women at the reception and at the end there were only 3 of us and we and to manage 1000 employees as well as the phone calls and the visitors who came at the reception.  My Reception co-workers were amazing. We were an amazing team and we were very close. Some friendships evolved and we had fun working together even if it was a stressful environment.  To be honest I do not remember the hardest part of the job. I had fun working with my work colleagues at the reception. ", " Should focus on keeping standart better in terms of training ", " Obvious busy period sometime, but always fun people around. Great place to work at. ", " I really enjoyed working at EY. Learn a lot, everyone were nice and down to earth. ", " You need to put your time in but flexibility is a practiced concept there. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " LOVE THIS JOB. LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT IT ! EVERYTHING JUST WORKS THERE. ", "  \tAudit of financial statements for banks, industrial and commercial companies; SOX engagement for banks and telecom firm ", " It's a great place to learn from your boss as well as your peers. ", " On a typical day there were system issues and not enough help to go around when needed. ", " Mentored 5 consultants guiding them on goal setting, eminence development and counselling. ", " Cant say enough about this place it was my first job. they will work you hard but it will be for the best. ", " EY is a great place to work.  We have excellent clients and challenging projects. ", " A typical day at work: If I arrived first, my duties were to turn on the lights and turn the computers on and activate the phone. There was the main reception at the entry of the company and another reception on the 2nd floor.  Main Receptin area: I was basically answering the phone a lot and dispatching the phone calls to the right employees and/or I took messages and sent them to the right departments. I managed the meeting rooms, the parking \"waiting\" list, the dispatching of the bus tickets, the visitors passes as well as the leasing contrats.  2nd floor Reception: I worked with Sodexo as they were serving the food &amp; drinks on the second floor and my duty was to stay in touch with my work colleagues who were working at the main entry. They warned me every time customers woud take the lift to arrive on the 2nd floor so that I could wait for them in front of the lift and show them the meeting room where they would stay. I worked with the Sodexo team because I was in charge of preparing the Menu cards.  I learned specifically to deal with stress because we were 4 women at the reception and at the end there were only 3 of us and we and to manage 1000 employees as well as the phone calls and the visitors who came at the reception.  My Reception co-workers were amazing. We were an amazing team and we were very close. Some friendships evolved and we had fun working together even if it was a stressful environment.  To be honest I do not remember the hardest part of the job. I had fun working with my work colleagues at the reception. ", " You need to put your time in but flexibility is a practiced concept there. ", " I would prepare corporal tax returns and review for managaement all other types of accounting ", " The people working at EY are some of the most intelligent and fast paced moving people I've ever worked with. Great company. ", " type of work: assistance with debt and equity offerings, divestitures. most enjoyable: teams and client interactions ", " You get to learn everything there is to know about processes ", " Typed correspondence, mail, copying, make travel arrangements and managed the partners schedule. ", " A nice friendly place to work. Very busy and you are able to expand your knowledge of work practises. ", " -niche advisory groups -open door policy w/ partners -high profile engagements -lot of travel ", " This was the best job I ever had. I always felt as if I was a part of a team and valued as an employee. ", " I enjoyed working with EY, learned alot of things and gained alot of skills. ", " Office is located in downtown. Tranffic is convenient and office environment is comfortable. ", " Contract work as a senior auditor.   Worked during busy season. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " I enjoyed working for Ernst &amp; Young, Indianapolis. I received a lot of feedback and accounting experience. ", " First thing that I noticed when I started working at E&amp;Y was the people in the company. All of them looks happy, even when they are with a lot of taks. That means the company is a good place to work.  I am looking altertives because I want to get international experience. ", " Ernst &amp; Young was an exciting company to work for it is a five star company.I have had the pleasure of working with great people.I worked on the out bound team as well as the inbound team.The mangement team was great we have weekly team meeting.And the most enjoyable part of the job were the team meetings. ", " I believe Ernst &amp; Young is one of the best places to work. There are boundless opportunities within the firm and many opportunities to learn and grow. At Ernst &amp; Young, no one day is the same. You\u2019re constantly surrounded by talented people who have great ideas and are supportive of your career goals. ", " I daily procure purchase orders for quotations/invoices,send approve PO to suppliers,receive goods and delivery notes, and later invoices which I then submit to Finance for payment.I then charge every equipment used by various departments in Meeting rooms and finally draft reports on Excel spreadsheets.  I learned the eProcurement system through my co-workers which created a good relationship with them.  I mostly enjoy my correspondence with suppliers and our satellite offices cooperate efficiely for the payment process to be completed on time.  I dont like when I repeatedly request payment documents until the account is due. ", " I have worked with Ernst &amp; Young LLP for the past eight years, and I really enjoy the management teams and their work/life balance arrangements for most parents or employees with special personal life requirements. ", " extra long hours, great exposure to leading strategies in the market ", " The firm provides opportunities that will provide exposure within various companies. Depending on your area of concentration and industry, there is plenty of opportunities to travel while meeting others within other areas of the firm. ", " Good learning experience - the firm provides extensive training to interns. Good insight into the company culture. ", " improved team working skills, time management skills, and communication skills. A very nice place to work. ", " Work is hard with long hours - but you are rewarded financially and with fun perks. ", " Encumbered a variety of tasks on an everyday basis. Handled 4 Partners at one time. ", " Should focus on keeping standart better in terms of training ", " I was lucky enough to have worked with one of the biggest audit/consulting firm.The culture,work quality and growth opportunities add to the brand EY and its visibility. ", " A great company to work for. Sometimes there were long hours but it was worth it. ", " This started as a very challenging and very motivating work environment. They also provided training opportunities and a good salary with substantial yearly raises. As the crisis struck, raises stopped and since it was hard to get contracts, we started doing everything we did not know how just to meet income requirements. That was when I left. ", " Working at this company provided an opportunity to see various different industries while performing audit assignments. The company required all audit personnel to achieve the designation of certified public accountant. This designation was required in order to advance to a senior level position. Training was provided to afford employees with the tools necessary to advance. ", " Great organization to gain career advancement. Work / life balance can be a challenge. ", " The firm genuinely cares about your development and actually invests resources to help you achieve your career objectives, whatever they may be. Very flexible company that is very understanding and cognizant of the diversity of the employees and willing to accommodate as much as possible. ", " ernst and young gave me a chance to prove and show myself that I am capable of being ablr to work in a office and that I can work in a team very well. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Overall a good company depending on what group/division you support ", " Best job I ever had working with the best people in the industry. ", " Friendly and highly challenging inviroment, due to high work pressure. ", " Very good work balance and offices. Shame the Lotus notes (no outlook) ", " it was a good atmosphere to work in layed back cleaning and good help ", " The job would suck a lot more if the people there weren't so cool ", " did enjoyed alot in working to be apart of one of big 4 audit firms worlwide ", " Productive and very interative , have to keep in touch , communicate with other asset people in other regions , on issues of assets , have to be on my toes, keep track of assets and know what is actually happening around them ( up to date data bases)  I have mostly learned to value other people imputs and mosly working as a team and the fact that respect for other people is a very valuable and important asset in one's work etcetere  On managenent - being enstrusted to manage my work and deliverable withough much supervision has been a very insirering factor Also in in my role as a \"leader\" of the asset team I have learned that the more you respect people and the way you relate to them they are sure to be always ready or willing to help and provide the information that will allow me to do my work effectively  With co-workes I have to communicate a lot with people in other business units requesting for assets and with members of my team because they have a lot of information that we need to share and that assist me in carrying out my duties more effectively  The hardnest part of the job is having to know and have your pulse on every asset which mayu be challenging because we deal with lots of people and there is a lot of movement taking place - so some thing asset can disappear and the need to account for everything  The most enjoyable part is getting month to month feed back from my manager to see how well we have done from time to time and this help me to find another ways of improving my perfomance ", "  \tReengineered the process for importing data files from various locations, which reduced the processing time taken by about 70%.  \tCaptured and formatted financial statements of 90+ Fortune companies belonging to13 different industries from the SEC EDGAR database.   \tGathered XBRL based Business Requirements for developing intelligent financial Accounting agent.  \tAuthored System Requirements document, Use Case Specifications, Systems Requirement Specification (SRS), System Requirement Change Request, Data Dictionary along with the technical staff and developers.  \tDeveloped Business Model (data/object/network/process) describing future state to-be environment.  \tSupported and assisted Developers (JAVA, JSP) and QA in developing Quality Control (QC) test plans and test scripts, as well as supporting and assisting clients in all testing phases through UAT.  \tMonitored all milestones, SOP\u2019s and project statistics, such as defect rate and severity of the project.  \tReported defects in a defect tracking system with the use of an extensive XBRL taxonomy, communicated the defects to the developers and/or included it in the systems limitation report.  \tConducted systems evaluation, submitted the system maintenance/ enhancement/ scalability reports and systems limitation reports as the final deliverable.  \tProject results were submitted for consideration at the 35th annual Hawaiian International Conference on Systems Sciences.  \tAchieved an increased understanding and standardization of XML based reporting tools.  \tResponsible for developing the XBRL Repository for the XML ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> based applications.  \tExperienced in strategic and efficient management of personnel and financial resources, leveraging managed-services, ensuring timely execution and integrity of division-wide reporting, leading risk and controls function for projects and production environments.  \tConducted JAD/DRP sessions to create solution alternatives &amp; Assessments and served as the key analytical member in formulating systems scope and objectives relative to the groups' / organization's business plan, strategy and industry requirements.    \tRecognized and defined all systems impacts and API code changes.  \tLead the effort in migrating from Legacy environment to BEA Web Logic 7 application server.  \tDesigned and developed XML based code changes to the XML parser.  \tDeveloped and executed test cases for systems testing and User Interface Acceptance testing.  \tReviewed Design documents, Requirements analysis specifications and EJB calls with the Project Lead, Business owners and the Technical Lead.  \tManaged Change Control Requests (CCR) and updated the scope with the new changes.  \tHelped Data Architect to understand the business requirements to create the database models and resolve the data migration issues. ", " Financial statement audit , test controls over significant processes related to the financial statements that is running the company, do the work in the scheduled time, review of risk areas of the company, constant communication with the client, checking on the progress of job. Execute the activities assigned in accordance with the laws , policies, rules and regulations governing the area, attached to international auditing standards ( ISAs ) , as well as validate that the company is giving full compliance with International Accounting Standards and regulations ( IFRS ) . Collaborate in the implementation of the work programs , which among others includes aspects such as: bank reconciliation, analysis of expense accounts, review of procedures used and other aspects or activities susceptible of evaluation. Develop programs work together with managers . Participate in work sessions for instructions. To inform the manager of the situations that arise in the course of interventions. Keep updated files and other sources of information , according to the selection criteria and ordering set , to properly support the revisions made. Support the monitoring of audit requirements . Ensure proper operation and use of facilities , equipment and tools used in the development of their activities , reporting any anomalies or major damage is present to his immediate superior. Provide collaboration in risk and claims that arise in the company. Actively participate, collaborate and comply with all policies, procedures and regulations relating to quality assurance to develop and implement ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> the company. To assist my assistant , answer questions or concerns , give clear instructions and objectives given assignments , to follow up the implementation of its work, ongoing communication between the team and to achieve the objectives and complete the work in deadline. ", " I must say, before I hired I heard some not good things about The Firm. But, I took a leap of faith and stepped outside of my comfort zone. I was a government contractor since since 2006 until my resignation in 2013 when I joined The Firm. When I was first hired, they flew me out to Cleveland, Ohio where their home office is for a meet and greet session and orientation. Only when I to the hotel, come to find out The Firm had not booked my room where they assigned me to stay during my visit to Ohio. That really started out my time with The Firm with a bad taste in my mouth. So, orientation went smoothly and I met some really cool people during my meet and greet. So, I get back to DC 2 days later. That Monday, I get to work, Its a gentlemen there to assist/train for me 2 weeks until I get a hang of the way The Firm operates. Well, that night after work, my trainer played in a pickup game of soccer and tore his ACL. He was out of work for 10 weeks. You would think The Firm would send a replacement trainer to assist me in my first week at The Firm, but they did NOT. So right then and there, i was already behind the 8ball. But, I made due. As time went on, I slowly but surely grabbed a hold of the way The Firm operates with one day of formal training (self taught). During my time at The Firm, the group I worked for Creative Services Group (CSG) was under and major construction with the their job log in system, job receiving system and email system(from Lotus Notes to Outlook) so there were major system outages and crashes for hours at a time. Meanwhile the request kept coming in. ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> I had one color machine which was always in demand and one black and white machine, so when it was busy tax season, things really got hectic, customers got pushy and started complaining, and the ultimately lead to my termination. ", " SyCip Gorres Velayo &amp; Co. (SGV), a member firm of Ernst &amp; Young Global Ltd. (EY), is the largest multidisciplinary professional services firm in the Philippines since 1946. The firm is packed with CPA top-notchers, exceptional professionals as well as talented individuals.    Being a Transaction Support professional, it is a must to keep myself up-to-date with the current news and SGV-information center assists us by sending daily news update organized per industry.  We also have access to various external resources such as S&amp;P Capital IQ, mergermarket, and Business Monitor International to help us develop our insights as we deliver advice to our clients.  As an associate director, it is my obligation to manage my team in order to maximize engagement efficiency, quality, and profitability.  I always keep a list of my \"To Dos\" at the start of the work, after I refresh myself with the current news.  This helps me breakdown those requiring urgent attention until the least important matters.  For every project I am engaged with, I see to it that I have a good understanding of the client's objectives and the target's business overview.  In Transactions Advisory Services, we are composed of different professionals not just CPAs.  These professionals really come in handy whenever we need to consult for a special matter.  I really love to put things in a very orderly and organized manner so that tasks will be achieved smoothly.  I ensure that I deliver the right information to my team and delegate tasks after considering each member's strength and weaknesses.  Seeing how I was ", "<span class=\"cmp-review-text\"> able to influence my team with the best practices and ensuring that their work experience was valuable and at the same time getting feedback from my client about how satisfied with our work is the hardest part of my job  and yet the most rewarding.  With my energetic enthusiasm and eagerness for new learning,  I was able to create positive relationships with my superiors, peers, counselees as well as clients. Even with difficult people at the workplace or at the field, I was able to build rapport because I take the time to understand and know them better.  I am even close with our security guards and cleaning personnel.  I believe that maintaining positive relationships helps lighten up the mood of each person, thus creating a more positive and happy environment...and this is how I build a better working world for EY. ", " I have worked with EY for 3 years as an article in audit. Performed annual, quarterly and special audit assignments for various clients in manufacturing, direct selling and NBFC industries. Team usually comprised of an article, a senior, a manager, a senior manager and a Partner. I learnt application of accounting and auditing standards, Company law and other relevant statutes governing the industries. The hardest part of the job was to do it thoroughly in limited time. The best part was understanding processes, identifying gaps and suggesting appropriate controls to fix those gaps, followed by TOD (test of details) through various audit techniques like sampling, ageing test, external confirmations, overall analytical review, etc. ", " Global clients Challenging roles and scope for exploring and learning  flexible work timings worked with team of experienced professionals, managers and enthusiast juniors ", " Empresa que es bueno y tienen una buena gesti\u00f3n, voy a recomendar a todos a trabajar con EY ", " Cabinet d'avocat : le management est d\u00e9plorable, l'harc\u00e8lement moral et la mise au placard sont assum\u00e9s par la direction (partners) et les RH. Vous devez demander du travail tous les jours car le travail ne vient pas \u00e0 vous et vous \u00eates dans l'obligation de faire des tours car sinon on vous reproche de ne pas \u00eatre assez productif (pas assez d'heures facturables). Vous \u00eates salari\u00e9 mais c 'est a vous de chercher du travail un non-sens !! beaucoup de turnover entre les d\u00e9missions qui n'en sont pas (on vous force \u00e0 partir) et les licenciements le climat est d\u00e9l\u00e9t\u00e8re ..... Pour la promotion autant vous dire que vous serez jug\u00e9 de part aptitude \u00e0 avoir lecher des bottes et non par vos comp\u00e9tences. Je ne conseille pas sachez que tout le monde souhaite en partir.... Pour l'aspect agr\u00e9able s'il y en a se sont les nouveaux arrivants qui toujours pas aigris apportent de la fraicheur. ", " EY te permite ingresar sin tener experiencia laboral previa. Se vive un clima laboral muy agradable, ya que la mayor\u00eda de los colegas comparten edad, intereses y educaciones similares. Se trabaja con clientes importantes, y se desarrolla una gran capacidad de resiliencia. El problema con EY es que la relaci\u00f3n vida personal / vida laboral  es muy mala. La verdad es que valoran m\u00e1s a una persona por su predisposici\u00f3n a trabajar muchas horas extra y fines de semana m\u00e1s que por sus capacidades. Por otra parte, el salario es muy bajo, los beneficios son son nada destacables y la formaci\u00f3n que te dan es baja, b\u00e1sicamente uno se las tiene que arreglar para aprender todo de manera autodidacta. ", " Em um dia t\u00edpico de trabalho estamos sempre ocupados e tentando atender a todas as demandas que surgiram no dia.  O trabalho a ser desenvolvido \u00e9 sempre interessante, pois trabalhamos para o desenvolvimento da economia, fornecendo apoio tribut\u00e1rio \u00e0s empresas e contribuintes. No entanto, a falta de organiza\u00e7\u00e3o da firma, das pessoas e dos clientes tornam o dia confuso e desorganizado, pois sempre surgem demandas urgentes e que requerem aten\u00e7\u00e3o imediata. Isso faz com o trabalho se estenda por horas extras tornando o dia cansativo e estressante. ", " Eu trabalho na EY a mais de 10 anos, participei de projetos em diversas \u00e1reas diferentes e tive oportunidade de conhecer muitos clientes. A EY oferece oportunidade de conhecer o ambiente corporativo de forma ampla e exercitar diferentes habilidades todos os dias, como comunica\u00e7\u00e3o interpessoal, gest\u00e3o de pessoas e gest\u00e3o de conflitos. Al\u00e9m disso, a companhia est\u00e1 inserida em um contexto multicultural que permite ter contato com colaboradores de diferentes pa\u00edses. ", " Ero molto appassionato del lavoro che svolgevo c/o Ernst &amp; Young, societ\u00e0 molto importante e leader di revisione bilancio e consulenza aziendale a livello multinazionale. Lavoro molto stimolante in quanto svolgevo pi\u00f9 mansioni, dall' accoglienza ai clienti e relativa registrazione (mansione principale) alla gestione delle chiamate al centralino, ricezione posta, ricezione e smistamento di email, gestione e prenotazione delle sale riunioni per l'organizzazione di Meeting ed Eventi nazionali ed internazionali (controllo delle apparecchiature, apertura di collegamenti in Videoconference Multipoint e conference call, organizzazione di catering. Conseguito attestato di servizio di prevenzione e protezione e alla gestione delle emergenze. Ambiente molto stimolante che favoriva molto positivamente la collaborazione lavorativa con i colleghi e ottimi i rapporti interpersonali con ospiti e clienti. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " A EY \u00e9 uma excelente empresa, aprendi muito e  tamb\u00e9m construir muitas amizades.  O ambiente de trabalho era din\u00e2mico, tinha muita press\u00e3o e foco no resultado. Mas era gratificante construir um mundo de neg\u00f3cios melhor, eu tinha autonomia para trabalhar, era  ouvido pela equipe, tinha  um l\u00edder que reconhecia o meu trabalho. A empresa investe em treinamentos e nos incentiva a crescer. O nosso lema era inovar! Eu s\u00f3 tenho a agradecer. ", " EY \u00e8 una grande societ\u00e0 multinazionale che permette ad un giovane laureato in discipline economiche di accumulare un significativo bagaglio di esperienza in breve tempo. La natura stessa del lavoro permette di vedere diverse realt\u00e0 aziendali e di confrontare i diversi approcci adottati per risolvere problematiche simili in modo da valurare ed individuare i migliori. La carriera segue un percorsorso piuttosto rapido, ogni anno infatti \u00e8 prevista una promozione (anche se gli avanzamenti pi\u00f9 significativi avvengono alla fine del secondo e del quinto anno) che prevede un'affidamento di maggiori responsabilit\u00e0. ", " Iniciei o meu percurso profissional nesta grande multinacional.  Foi sem d\u00favida uma experi\u00eancia marcante: esp\u00edrito de equipa, constante forma\u00e7\u00e3o, passagem por v\u00e1rios grandes clientes em \u00e1reas de neg\u00f3cio distintas. Foi l\u00e1 que ganhei as verdadeiras bases para no futuro ser uma boa profissional na \u00e1rea financeira! ", " O trabalho realizado na Ernst &amp; Young foi fundamental para conhecer os princ\u00edpios b\u00e1sicos da contabilidade, e entender como funciona a vida financeira de uma empresa. Al\u00e9m disso, a experi\u00eancia de trabalhar em uma empresa internacional, com clientes espalhados pelo mundo, realizar treinamentos e trabalhos em outra lingua foram bastante proveitosos. ", " Un grupo de profesionales altamente capacitados, quienes dia a dia brindan las mejores practicas para sus clientes. Un equipo de trabajo altamente comprometido por el desarrollo de cada uno de los integrantes del mismo. Me gusto poder sentir que mi trabajo contribuia al desarrollo de diversas empresas, que depositaban dia a dia fu confianza en nosotros. ", " Credo che lavorare sia importante, ma in questa azienda non si da importanza alla vita privata, esistono solo procedimenti burocratici e stress. Inoltre lavorando per questa azienda si rifiuta l'importanza di avere una famiglia. Ti accorgi pian piano che l'azienda \u00e8 la tua famiglia trascurando la vita vera. ", " Num dia t\u00edpico de trabalho voc\u00ea aprende muito, trabalha muito, n\u00e3o tem hora definida pra entrar, mas muito menos pra sair. Em geral no primeiro ano voc\u00ea n\u00e3o faz nada daquilo que te contrataram pra fazer e precisa fazer muitos contatos pela empresa para te alocarem em projetos. A empresa tem uma cultura bem moderna e aberta ao dialogo. Logo que entramos temos um conselheiro que nos acompanha em nossa trajet\u00f3ria. ", " Cabinet d'avocat : le management est d\u00e9plorable, l'harc\u00e8lement moral et la mise au placard sont assum\u00e9s par la direction (partners) et les RH. Vous devez demander du travail tous les jours car le travail ne vient pas \u00e0 vous et vous \u00eates dans l'obligation de faire des tours car sinon on vous reproche de ne pas \u00eatre assez productif (pas assez d'heures facturables). Vous \u00eates salari\u00e9 mais c 'est a vous de chercher du travail un non-sens !! beaucoup de turnover entre les d\u00e9missions qui n'en sont pas (on vous force \u00e0 partir) et les licenciements le climat est d\u00e9l\u00e9t\u00e8re ..... Pour la promotion autant vous dire que vous serez jug\u00e9 de part aptitude \u00e0 avoir lecher des bottes et non par vos comp\u00e9tences. Je ne conseille pas sachez que tout le monde souhaite en partir.... Pour l'aspect agr\u00e9able s'il y en a se sont les nouveaux arrivants qui toujours pas aigris apportent de la fraicheur. ", " EY te permite ingresar sin tener experiencia laboral previa. Se vive un clima laboral muy agradable, ya que la mayor\u00eda de los colegas comparten edad, intereses y educaciones similares. Se trabaja con clientes importantes, y se desarrolla una gran capacidad de resiliencia. El problema con EY es que la relaci\u00f3n vida personal / vida laboral  es muy mala. La verdad es que valoran m\u00e1s a una persona por su predisposici\u00f3n a trabajar muchas horas extra y fines de semana m\u00e1s que por sus capacidades. Por otra parte, el salario es muy bajo, los beneficios son son nada destacables y la formaci\u00f3n que te dan es baja, b\u00e1sicamente uno se las tiene que arreglar para aprender todo de manera autodidacta. ", " Muy buena empresa, excelente el equipo de trabajo siempre incentivando a los emoleados aun cuando en mi caso solo fui temporal me consideraron para regresar,  tomas cursos y los jefes son personas muy humanas. ", " Le cabinet m'a permis d\u2019accro\u00eetre mon exp\u00e9rience et mes aquis et connaissances dans le domaine de l'audit, la comptabilit\u00e9 et le conseil des entreprises face \u00e0 des probl\u00e9matiques r\u00e9elles. ", " Empresa que investe em seus funcion\u00e1rios, super engajada, preocupada com desenvolvimento profissional. Equipe de trabalho composta por pessoas dispostas em ajudar e interagir, e de \u00f3timo relacionamento. ", " A empresa oferece um plano de carreiras muito interessante, permitindo ao profissional aprender e se desenvolver em pouco tempo.   A gerencia \u00e9 bastante intensa, cobrando bastante resultado, fazendo com o que o crescimento de seus profissionais seja acelerado. ", " O trabalho era bastante interessante e agrad\u00e1vel, atuando de maneira efetiva diretamente com clientes - o que era bastante positivo. Conv\u00edvio com colegas de trabalho bastante salutar. ", " EY is een goede werkgever als jij zelf gemotiveerd bent en  sterk in je schoenen staat. ", " Uma big four, com suas virtudes e defeitos. O maior dos defeitos em minha opini\u00e3o: o ambiente interno era o pior pelo qual j\u00e1 passei em mais de 20 anos de carreira. ", " \u00d3tima empresa para se come\u00e7ar a carreira.proporciona oportunidades de aprendizado e networking excepcionais. ", " Es un trabajo muy sacrificado, ya que supone jornadas laborales largas y en ocasiones duras, pero adem\u00e1s de la gran cantidad de amigos que he hecho, es una empresa que te da muchas \"tablas\" y te ayuda a saber como enfrentarte a situaciones complicadas, pensar r\u00e1pido y ser creativo solucionando problemas. No me arrepiento de haber entrado en esta empresa. ", " Travail sous pression mais aboutis a un bon r\u00e9sultat.  Bonne entente au seins de mon d\u00e9partement  L'aspect le plus difficile c'est que vu que ma premi\u00e8re ann\u00e9e d'exp\u00e9rience je n'\u00e9tais qu'en 2eme ann\u00e9e je manquais de notions du coups j'\u00e9tais un peu lente par rapport \u00e0 certains collaborateurs stagiaires ", " EY es una de las mejores empresas para trabajar. El desarrollo professional que se alcanza en ella es incredible. Es una escuela y te pagan por aprender! "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Crescita professionale rapida e approfondita. Ambiente altamente stimolante e flessibile in cui la formazione costituisce un tassello fondamentale per la creazione e lo svilupo di giovani talenti. Ambiente sfidante e altamente competitivo. ", " es un muy buen ambiente laboral, adem\u00e1s de siempre estar dispuesto a ense\u00f1ar su personal, la gente destaca por siempre saludar, es muy educada y es agradable caminar y que te saluden. El \u00fanico problema es que la remuneraci\u00f3n es muy poca para todo el trabajo realizado. Todo lo dem\u00e1s son solo comentarios positivos hacia la empresa. ", " Adquieres mucha experiencia, tienen buen sistema de trabajo, en el \u00e1rea de auditor\u00eda externa el ambiente laboral no es tan \u00f3ptimo ", " Ero molto appassionato del lavoro che svolgevo c/o Ernst &amp; Young, societ\u00e0 molto importante e leader di revisione bilancio e consulenza aziendale a livello multinazionale. Lavoro molto stimolante in quanto svolgevo pi\u00f9 mansioni, dall' accoglienza ai clienti e relativa registrazione (mansione principale) alla gestione delle chiamate al centralino, ricezione posta, ricezione e smistamento di email, gestione e prenotazione delle sale riunioni per l'organizzazione di Meeting ed Eventi nazionali ed internazionali (controllo delle apparecchiature, apertura di collegamenti in Videoconference Multipoint e conference call, organizzazione di catering. Conseguito attestato di servizio di prevenzione e protezione e alla gestione delle emergenze. Ambiente molto stimolante che favoriva molto positivamente la collaborazione lavorativa con i colleghi e ottimi i rapporti interpersonali con ospiti e clienti. ", " Trabalhar numa empresa como a EY \u00e9 algo muito positivo para algu\u00e9m que quer aprender e se desenvolver. A empresa oferece essas oportunidades e voc\u00ea \u00e9 submetido a diversas situa\u00e7\u00f5es novas e desafiadoras. Cada dia \u00e9 um dia. N\u00e3o existe uma rotina de trabalho. Participei de diversos projetos, em diversos clientes, sobre diversos temas e isso fez com que eu pudesse aprender um pouco sobre tudo. As pessoas que trabalhei eram \u00f3timas, todas super qualificadas e aptas. Geralmente elas tinham forma\u00e7\u00f5es acad\u00eamicas diferentes e isso fazia com que as vis\u00f5es diferentes enriquecessem nosso trabalho. A parte mais dif\u00edcil era administrar a aus\u00eancia da rotina pois quando n\u00e3o se tem uma rotina, fica mais dif\u00edcil planejar algo. A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era poder aprender bastante. ", " El grupo de Recursos Humanos estaba formado por personas con mucha experiencia por lo que mis superiores me ensenaban constantemente.   Nos ensenaban el valor de trabajar como equipo, y ayudar a los otros departamentos.   De como debiamos mejorar los canales de comunicacion, y todo nuestro papeleo debia estar al dia para mejorar la efectividad del trabajo ", " Cultura de trabajo en equipo, constante capacitaci\u00f3n y base de datos de conocimiento, relaciones de alto nivel. ", " - Trabalho interessante e instigante com grande oportunidade de aprendizado atrav\u00e9s da atua\u00e7\u00e3o direta com coordenadores, gerentes e diretores de multinacionais; - Colegas de trabalho interessados em aprender e crescer e com boa forma\u00e7\u00e3o acad\u00eamica; - Plano de carreira estruturado; - Necessidade de flexibilidade por parte do funcion\u00e1rio, pois exige disponibilidade para viagens, muitas vezes com aviso pr\u00f3ximo da data da viagem; - Exige postura profissional e din\u00e2mica para lidar com press\u00e3o e expectativas de diversos p\u00fablicos, principalmente do n\u00edvel executivo. ", " J'ai beaucoup aim\u00e9 travailler chez Ernst &amp; Young. J'ai appris \u00e0 mettre de l'avant ma facilit\u00e9 de gestion du temps en travaillant pour cette entreprise. J'ai appris \u00e0 faire l'inventaire des produits utilis\u00e9s sur une base r\u00e9guli\u00e8re, \u00e0 remplir et nettoyer des machines \u00e0 caf\u00e9 industrielles, \u00e0 mettre en place des salles de conf\u00e9rence pour un buffet (et \u00e0 les nettoter ensuite).  Les gens avec qui j'ai travaill\u00e9 \u00e9taient sympathiques, et le travail d'\u00e9quipe \u00e9tait une valeur sur laquelle on insistait beaucoup.  Le plus difficile pour moi a \u00e9t\u00e9 de me retrouver sur les diff\u00e9rents \u00e9tages de la compagnie, j'ai un tr\u00e8s mauvais sens de l'orientation...  J'ai aim\u00e9 travaill\u00e9 che EY parce que c'\u00e9tait quelque chose de nouveau pour moi, et qu'on me laissait g\u00e9rer mon temps comme je le voulais. Je me suis fait plusieurs amis dans cette compagnie. ", " Un dia de trabajo es a todo full, siempre las cosas son para ayer con bastante presi\u00f3n, siempre hay algo que aprender, falta que la gerencia te de margen de maniobra para poder realizar una mejor gestion, la gente es lo mejor que se puede encontrar dispuestos al trabajo en equipo, a la vez es lo que mas me gustaba ya que por ellos se lograba un optimo ambiente para trabajar. ", " Mon exp\u00e9rience en tant qu'auditeur stagiaire \u00e0 EY a \u00e9t\u00e9 r\u00e9ellement formatrice, malgr\u00e9 un total d\u00e9s\u00e9quilibre entre vie priv\u00e9e et professionnelle, le deuxi\u00e8me aspect \u00e9tant pr\u00e9pond\u00e9rant. ", " attivit\u00e0 lavorativa stimolante e fin troppo flessibile, con orario e sede di lavoro non ben definiti ", " Empresa j\u00e1 foi e sempre vai ser uma das melhores empresas para se come\u00e7ar a carreira. Al\u00e9m da pr\u00f3pria profiss\u00e3o j\u00e1 lhe proporcionar um conhecimento mais avan\u00e7ado do que em outras \u00e1reas de atua\u00e7\u00e3o, o foco da EY no crescimento profissional de seus colaboradores cria-se o ambiente agrad\u00e1vel de trabalho e propicio ao crescimento profissional. Equipes de alta performance s\u00e3o os resultados da educa\u00e7\u00e3o profissional e do planejamento bem feito dos trabalhos. ", " Hard working. Helping you improve your career much better. Learning how to play a important role in teams. Affordable salary. Having a pride as a professional specialist. ", " Es una empresa en la cual puedes desarrollarte de muchas maneras, todo depender\u00e1 del inter\u00e9s y lo que personalmente se desee lograr en ella. Para m\u00ed fue la mejor experiencia de trabajo que he tenido, fueron 9 a\u00f1os de compa\u00f1erismo, trabajo duro, aprendizaje, ense\u00f1anza, trasmisi\u00f3n de conocimiento y crecimiento personal.   Mi ultimo cargo estuvo dirigido al manejo de proyectos y manejo de personal de alto nivel, persiguiendo alcanzar todos los objetivos planteados.   Tiene como pilar \"People First\" y es pensar primero en la gente, mantener a la gente contenta para crear compromiso y trabajo en armon\u00eda. ", " Muito trabalho e com excelentes perspectivas salariais e de beneficios ", " Her zaman dinamik, hareketli, yo\u011fun ve her g\u00fcn yeni bilgi \u00f6\u011frendi\u011fim bir yer. ", " Clima agrad\u00e1vel, os programas direcionados para capacita\u00e7\u00e3o de pessoas s\u00e3o estruturados e com \u00f3timos conte\u00fados. ", " Muy buen ambiente de trabajo, dif\u00edcil de ascender en algunas \u00e1reas, no hay aumento de  salario. ", " Boa empresa oferece \u00f3timos benef\u00edcios e se preocupa  muito com funcion\u00e1rios s\u00f3 pecou na quest\u00e3o de treinar as lideran\u00e7as e gerencias pois n\u00e3o estavam capacitadas para liderar uma grande equipe "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Muy buen ambiente de trabajo, dif\u00edcil de ascender en algunas \u00e1reas, no hay aumento de  salario. ", " \u00d3timo ambiente e grande aprendizado, porem muitas horas de trabalho ", " Clima agrad\u00e1vel, os programas direcionados para capacita\u00e7\u00e3o de pessoas s\u00e3o estruturados e com \u00f3timos conte\u00fados. ", " Muito trabalho, pouco sal\u00e1rio, por\u00e9m grandes amizades e muito aprendizado. Trabalhar em consultoria \u00e9 para os fortes. ", " Avoir l'anglais en tant que langue de travail est un avantage consid\u00e9rable ", " Empresa onde existem setores com muita fofocas, e n\u00e3o tem espa\u00e7o para crescimento ", " Excelente local para agregar conhecimento sobre mercado, areas e processos ", " Excelente empresa del sector de auditor\u00eda y consultor\u00eda. ", " EY Fraud Investigation and Dispute Servies (FIDS) is a market leader in forensic consulting in Hong Kong ", " Ambiente di lavoro stimolante, flessibile ed innovativo ", " Un buen clima laboral y preocupaci\u00f3n por el bienestar de sus colaboradores ", " EY CBS Service Line\u662f\u975e\u5e38\u4e0d\u53d7\u91cd\u89c6\u4e14\u88ab\u5ffd\u7565\u7684\u5b58\u5728\uff0c\u85aa\u8d44\u6c34\u5e73\u4f4e\uff0c\u65e0\u53d1\u5c55\u7a7a\u95f4\u548c\u673a\u4f1a\uff0c\u516c\u53f8\u6587\u5316\u8fc7\u4e8e\u56fd\u4f01\u3001\u53e4\u677f ", " Muito trabalho e com excelentes perspectivas salariais e de beneficios ", " EY est un tr\u00e8s bon cabinet de formation au metier de l'audit financier et permet de batir un bon reseau de contact de chef d'entreprise. EY permet \u00e0 son employ\u00e9 d'avoir une comp\u00e9tence technique sur plusieurs departement de l'entreprise: la logistique, la direction financi\u00e8re, le marketing, la production, la direction g\u00e9n\u00e9rale, les ressources humaines etc. afin de mieux se projeter au sorti du cabinet. Et ce dans plusieurs domaine d'activit\u00e9 tels que: les banques et assurances, les industries, les mines, les services, les telecom etc. EY permet \u00e0 son collaborateur d'etre en contact avec tous ses sup\u00e9rieur hierarchique afin de se faire entendre lors des reunions de famille cr\u00e9\u00e9e en petit nombre.(assistant, associ\u00e9, manager, senior etc) ", " Environnement exigeant Evolution possible peu d'avantages sociaux ", " A empresa em si era boa, mas a \u00e1rea que eu estava n\u00e3o me agradava muito, n\u00e3o por ser chata ou algo que n\u00e3o gostasse, mas por ser muito parado, acabei n\u00e3o me sentindo a vontade com minhas colegas de trabalho e o trabalho acabou se tornando mon\u00f3tomo, o que acho que n\u00e3o \u00e9 algo bom. A empresa oferecia oportunidade de crescimento e promo\u00e7\u00f5es, mas infelizmente n\u00e3o foi meu momento ali dentro, n\u00e3o era uma boa fase. Reconhe\u00e7o que era uma \u00f3tima oportunidade de crescimento profissional e at\u00e9 pessoal. Por fim, como l\u00e1 n\u00e3o tive tanta sorte, espero que em outras organiza\u00e7\u00f5es consiga ter um desempenho melhor do que sei e aproveitar mais as oportunidades. ", " EY possui um ritmo de trabalho intenso, mas e uma excelente empresa para se trabalhar ", " Environnement stimulant. Bon \u00e9quilibre entre vie priv\u00e9e/ vie professionnelle. Cabinet de conseil leader. ", " Ambiente din\u00e1mico, joven y de trabajo en equipo.  Oferta de una carrera profesional r\u00e1pida y con multitud de oportunidades para el futuro. ", " Missions diff\u00e9rentes Environnement divers Encadrement de tr\u00e8s grande qualit\u00e9 "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Este trabajo corresponde a mis practias pre profesionales y me permitieron aprender mucho con respecto a temas contables y auditor\u00eda externa. ", " Forte culture d'entreprise le travail est vari\u00e9 et int\u00e9ressant  La polyvalence est n\u00e9cessaire car des missions diff\u00e9rentes nous sont r\u00e9guli\u00e8rement propos\u00e9es. Evolution professionnelle garantie. ", " EY est un tr\u00e8s bon cabinet de formation au metier de l'audit financier et permet de batir un bon reseau de contact de chef d'entreprise. EY permet \u00e0 son employ\u00e9 d'avoir une comp\u00e9tence technique sur plusieurs departement de l'entreprise: la logistique, la direction financi\u00e8re, le marketing, la production, la direction g\u00e9n\u00e9rale, les ressources humaines etc. afin de mieux se projeter au sorti du cabinet. Et ce dans plusieurs domaine d'activit\u00e9 tels que: les banques et assurances, les industries, les mines, les services, les telecom etc. EY permet \u00e0 son collaborateur d'etre en contact avec tous ses sup\u00e9rieur hierarchique afin de se faire entendre lors des reunions de famille cr\u00e9\u00e9e en petit nombre.(assistant, associ\u00e9, manager, senior etc) ", " Ambiente joven de trabajo, buen compa\u00f1erismo entre personas y calidad humana. ", " EY possui um ritmo de trabalho intenso, mas e uma excelente empresa para se trabalhar ", " Environnement stimulant. Bon \u00e9quilibre entre vie priv\u00e9e/ vie professionnelle. Cabinet de conseil leader. ", " It's a lot of work for a bad salary. Work extra hours all the year without any retribution. Most of the time they didn't pay for the night transportation.  On the other hand you learn a lot, you have managers that are extremely experienced and help you with all your doubts.  The people whom I worked there were most of the time very kind. It's a very international environment.   The place to work is great, impeccable and modern. It's bad that you are almost never in the office when you are an auditor. ", " Es un lugar excelente de trabajo que proporciona muchas herramientas a nivel personal y sobretodo profesional ", " Una  empresa  de clase  mundial  en la  cual   se  brindan  oportunidades de  aprendizaje ya que se  encuentra en constante  moviiento ", " Environnement exigeant Evolution possible peu d'avantages sociaux ", " EY CBS Service Line\u662f\u975e\u5e38\u4e0d\u53d7\u91cd\u89c6\u4e14\u88ab\u5ffd\u7565\u7684\u5b58\u5728\uff0c\u85aa\u8d44\u6c34\u5e73\u4f4e\uff0c\u65e0\u53d1\u5c55\u7a7a\u95f4\u548c\u673a\u4f1a\uff0c\u516c\u53f8\u6587\u5316\u8fc7\u4e8e\u56fd\u4f01\u3001\u53e4\u677f ", " A empresa em si era boa, mas a \u00e1rea que eu estava n\u00e3o me agradava muito, n\u00e3o por ser chata ou algo que n\u00e3o gostasse, mas por ser muito parado, acabei n\u00e3o me sentindo a vontade com minhas colegas de trabalho e o trabalho acabou se tornando mon\u00f3tomo, o que acho que n\u00e3o \u00e9 algo bom. A empresa oferecia oportunidade de crescimento e promo\u00e7\u00f5es, mas infelizmente n\u00e3o foi meu momento ali dentro, n\u00e3o era uma boa fase. Reconhe\u00e7o que era uma \u00f3tima oportunidade de crescimento profissional e at\u00e9 pessoal. Por fim, como l\u00e1 n\u00e3o tive tanta sorte, espero que em outras organiza\u00e7\u00f5es consiga ter um desempenho melhor do que sei e aproveitar mais as oportunidades. ", " Missions diff\u00e9rentes Environnement divers Encadrement de tr\u00e8s grande qualit\u00e9 ", " Tr\u00e8s formateur mais frustrant \u00e0 la longue car pas de participation active \u00e0 la vie de l'entreprise audit\u00e9e. ", " Manejo de base de datos, recopilar, organizar y controlar informaci\u00f3n de cada revisor fiscal con el fin de actualizar datos b\u00e1sicos, teniendo en cuenta el manejo de n\u00fameros consecutivos para los documentos digitales y f\u00edsicos. Con el apoyo de la p\u00e1gina de C\u00e1mara y comercio y la Dian. Adicional se redactar correos, cartas e informes y recepci\u00f3n de llamadas. ", " Mondd el a v\u00e9lem\u00e9nyed err\u0151l: egy tipikus munkanap mit tanult\u00e1l vezet\u0151s\u00e9g \u00f6n koll\u00e9g\u00e1i munka legnehezebb r\u00e9sze ", " EY est une entreprise tr\u00e8s formatrice. Elle forme les leader demain. ", " PYME estableci\u00e9ndose en el mercado, con la oportunidad de aprender sobre muchos aspectos del dise\u00f1o gr\u00e1fico, la serigraf\u00eda y, en el \u00e1mbito administrativo, todas las tareas de ventas, compras y facturaci\u00f3n. ", " EY es una empresa en que cualquier persona le gustar\u00eda trabajar, ya que tiene  muy buena imagen, excelentes profesionales y una metas y visiones alcanzables, busca estar en la cima, busca siempre ser mejor. existe un buen trabajo equipo y la empresa busca motivar a sus empleados con extras.   Para las personas que no tienen experiencia, va a ser complicado adaptarse ya que no poseen buenas capacitaciones en cuanto al puesto que se le asigne a la persona contratada. La persona que entra a EY entra al cliente directamente, y no tiene una debida capacitaci\u00f3n. Por lo que le sera dif\u00edcil adaptarse. Es una empresa a la que tiene que dedicarcele mucho tiempo. ", " Environnement exigeant &amp; motivant pour un d\u00e9but de carri\u00e8re. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Une vie personnelle difficile \u00e0 acqu\u00e9rir, mais des opportunit\u00e9s d'\u00e9volution de carri\u00e8re \u00e0 ne pas n\u00e9gliger ", " Empresa que d\u00e1 oportunidades aos seus funcion\u00e1rios de crescimento. ", " Mi dinamica diaria es muy activa, todos los dias tengo retos, metas que cumplir, areas de trabajo acordada sobre el cual trabajar, durante mi trabajo tengo acceso directo a las personas estrategicas dentro de la empresa. Trabajo liderando un grupo de colegas, somo un equipo de 8 personas. La parte mas complicada del trabajo es que el avance del mismo muchas veces depende de la informacion que suministra el cliente. ", " alto aprendizaje, oportunidades de crecimiento, alto estr\u00e9s laboral. ", " Buenos colegas Jefes muy complicados Los administrativos y secretarias, no son tratados como profesionales Trabajo estresante Nada mas que decir ", " EY est un tr\u00e8s bon cabinet de formation au metier de l'audit financier et permet de batir un bon reseau de contact de chef d'entreprise. EY permet \u00e0 son employ\u00e9 d'avoir une comp\u00e9tence technique sur plusieurs departement de l'entreprise: la logistique, la direction financi\u00e8re, le marketing, la production, la direction g\u00e9n\u00e9rale, les ressources humaines etc. afin de mieux se projeter au sorti du cabinet. Et ce dans plusieurs domaine d'activit\u00e9 tels que: les banques et assurances, les industries, les mines, les services, les telecom etc. EY permet \u00e0 son collaborateur d'etre en contact avec tous ses sup\u00e9rieur hierarchique afin de se faire entendre lors des reunions de famille cr\u00e9\u00e9e en petit nombre.(assistant, associ\u00e9, manager, senior etc) ", " A empresa em si era boa, mas a \u00e1rea que eu estava n\u00e3o me agradava muito, n\u00e3o por ser chata ou algo que n\u00e3o gostasse, mas por ser muito parado, acabei n\u00e3o me sentindo a vontade com minhas colegas de trabalho e o trabalho acabou se tornando mon\u00f3tomo, o que acho que n\u00e3o \u00e9 algo bom. A empresa oferecia oportunidade de crescimento e promo\u00e7\u00f5es, mas infelizmente n\u00e3o foi meu momento ali dentro, n\u00e3o era uma boa fase. Reconhe\u00e7o que era uma \u00f3tima oportunidade de crescimento profissional e at\u00e9 pessoal. Por fim, como l\u00e1 n\u00e3o tive tanta sorte, espero que em outras organiza\u00e7\u00f5es consiga ter um desempenho melhor do que sei e aproveitar mais as oportunidades. ", " Gli aspetti positivi sono l'ambiente di lavoro, la possibilit\u00e0 di conoscere e farsi notare da molte aziende sul territorio nazionale ed, a volte, non. Gli aspetti negativi sono le ore lavorative e nei periodi pi\u00f9 intensi il lavoro da svolgere nei weekend. ", " Buena empresa, volver\u00eda a trabajar ah\u00ed si hubiera oportunidad ", " En EY si puede tener promociones todos los a\u00f1os, y esto es un se\u00f1al de que vos estas si desarollando en su carerra. ", " Empresa s\u00f3lida, \u00f3tima para pessoas jovens que est\u00e3o ingressando no mercado de trabalho e que possuem poucos interesses pessoais. ", " Um ambiente de trabalho sensacional, pessoas fant\u00e1sticas. ", " It's a lot of work for a bad salary. Work extra hours all the year without any retribution. Most of the time they didn't pay for the night transportation.  On the other hand you learn a lot, you have managers that are extremely experienced and help you with all your doubts.  The people whom I worked there were most of the time very kind. It's a very international environment.   The place to work is great, impeccable and modern. It's bad that you are almost never in the office when you are an auditor. ", " EY es una empresa en que cualquier persona le gustar\u00eda trabajar, ya que tiene  muy buena imagen, excelentes profesionales y una metas y visiones alcanzables, busca estar en la cima, busca siempre ser mejor. existe un buen trabajo equipo y la empresa busca motivar a sus empleados con extras.   Para las personas que no tienen experiencia, va a ser complicado adaptarse ya que no poseen buenas capacitaciones en cuanto al puesto que se le asigne a la persona contratada. La persona que entra a EY entra al cliente directamente, y no tiene una debida capacitaci\u00f3n. Por lo que le sera dif\u00edcil adaptarse. Es una empresa a la que tiene que dedicarcele mucho tiempo. ", " Exposure to diverse industries...workload is heavy sometimes, but training program is well organized and mode of learning is always on... ", " Manejo de base de datos, recopilar, organizar y controlar informaci\u00f3n de cada revisor fiscal con el fin de actualizar datos b\u00e1sicos, teniendo en cuenta el manejo de n\u00fameros consecutivos para los documentos digitales y f\u00edsicos. Con el apoyo de la p\u00e1gina de C\u00e1mara y comercio y la Dian. Adicional se redactar correos, cartas e informes y recepci\u00f3n de llamadas. ", " He auditado empresas de los difrenetes rubros existentes. ", " jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj ", " EY es una buena empresa donde se puede desarrollar una carrera de consultoria informatica. El gran enfasis en operaciones de auditoria tal vez no es ideal para profesionales de tecnologia. ", " Si lavora principalmente per progetto e spesso presso la sede del cliente; Il team \u00e8 formato da 4-6 persone "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Empresa s\u00f3lida, \u00f3tima para pessoas jovens que est\u00e3o ingressando no mercado de trabalho e que possuem poucos interesses pessoais. ", " jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj ", " En EY si puede tener promociones todos los a\u00f1os, y esto es un se\u00f1al de que vos estas si desarollando en su carerra. ", " Exposure to diverse industries...workload is heavy sometimes, but training program is well organized and mode of learning is always on... ", " O Aprendizado \u00e9 constante, os superiores s\u00e3o acess\u00edveis para tirar duvidas ou auxiliar em alguma fun\u00e7\u00e3o como a equipe de trabalho tamb\u00e9m \u00e9, a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel \u00e9 estar em contato com diversas empresas e poder visualizar com clareza o plano de carreira; o mais dif\u00edcil \u00e9 ter que sacrificar um pouco os momentos em fam\u00edlia um pouco da vida pessoal. ", " En Ernst &amp; Young, se le brinda la oportunidad de aprendizaje unico y posibilidad de crecimiento, es un trabajo que requiere tiempo personal y dedicaci\u00f3n. ", " Si lavora principalmente per progetto e spesso presso la sede del cliente; Il team \u00e8 formato da 4-6 persone ", " I joined Ernst and Young Financial Services Consulting in April 2011.   where I led multiple consulting projects with different sizes of client in France and abroad. My project experience includes Business Process Reengineering in claims, Innovation Management, and the implementation of IT solutions for Claims Management. My work on these complex projects enabled me to develop an ability to work in different cultures such as Eastern Europe and the Maghreb, as well as develop an understanding of different regulations and varying maturities in insurance practices. Examples include the implementation of a claims and underwriting organization in a subsidiary of Axa Ukraine, and the establishment of a claims process to support the creation of a subsidiary of Groupama web). ", " Um ambiente de trabalho sensacional, pessoas fant\u00e1sticas. ", " Carreira bem definida, com m\u00e9tricas de desempenho transparentes. Avalia\u00e7\u00e3o frequente de desmpenho. Experi\u00eancia em presta\u00e7\u00e3o de servi\u00e7os a v\u00e1rios segmentos diferentes de neg\u00f3cio. ", " He auditado empresas de los difrenetes rubros existentes. ", " Se adquiere experiencia en diferentes \u00e1reas y sectores de los grupos empresariales m\u00e1s importantes a nivel nacional e internacional. ", " L'ambiente \u00e9 stimolante e da spazio alla crescita professionale.  Sono chiari gli step di carriera e da spazio ad ampliare le proprie conoscenze tecniche.  Consiglierei sopratutto all'inizio della propria carriera lavorativa.  Aspetti meno positivo \u00e9 rappresentato dal bilanciamento tra vita privata e lavorativa ", " A auditoria das empresas s\u00e3o feitas por tempo determinado pr\u00e9 acordado, desta forma a estrat\u00e9gia e planejamentos dos trabalhos eram essenciais. Aprendi a organizar com mais afinco minhas ideias e aplica\u00e7\u00e3o das mesmas, juntamente com no\u00e7\u00f5es t\u00e9cnicas da \u00e1rea. As equipes de alta performance, estavam interagindo a todo momento, buscando assim mais efici\u00eancia e efic\u00e1cias para os trabalhos. Concluir no tempo estipulado e com a qualidade esperado pelos gerentes foi algo dif\u00edcil de administrar e a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era ver o cliente satisfeito com o resultado atingido de maneira neutra e tamb\u00e9m o networking atingido com a equipe e clientes. ", " Empresa com bastantes programas de desenvolvimento, aprendi a ter contato com gestores de outros pa\u00edses e lidar com empresas de grande porte. Gerencia boa, colegas de trabalho bom, a parte dif\u00edcil da empresa \u00e9 a localiza\u00e7\u00e3o e a parte agrad\u00e1vel \u00e9 o nome que a empresa possui no mercado. ", " Empresa boa de se come\u00e7ar a carreira, aprende-se muito em pouco tempo, embora \u00e9 exigido muito tamb\u00e9m.  Boa de se trabalhar, com muitas pessoas dispostas a aprender e ensinar, embora a carga hor\u00e1ria \u00e9 complicada, sendo muitas vezes exigido ficar at\u00e9 depois do hor\u00e1rio, inclusive virando a madrugada adentro no trabalho. ", " Es un excelente lugar para laborar con buenos jefes y compa\u00f1eros de trabajo, ofrece muchos beneficios a sus empleados; me siento muy agradecida ya que en este lugar tuve la oportunidad de aprender mucho y conocer personas maravillosas ", " Buena empresa a iniciarse laboralmente. Mi trabajo se enfocaba principalmente y coordinar al equipo de trabajo que tenia a cargo, responder inquietudes del cliente y tener al tanto del avance del trabajo en terreno y hallazgos encontrados a mis superiores directos. ", " - Vie professionnelle / vie sociale d\u00e9s\u00e9quilibr\u00e9e - cadre id\u00e9al pour le d\u00e9veloppement des comp\u00e9tences ", " Empresa en la cual existe un grato ambiente laboral, en la cual existen excesos en la carga laboral y dificultad de compatibilidad familia/trabajo pero dentro de la cual existe un gran aprendizaje y grandes posibilidades de hacer carrera "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " En general es una muy buena empresa de consultoria para trabajar. Las prestaciones son superiores a las de la ley El equipo de trabajo con el que estuve mas involucrado fue excelente Sin embargo en ocasiones la falta de apoyo por parte de los gerentes es evidente. ", " Ik heb twee jaar mogen werken bij Ernst &amp; Young en heb het erg naar mijn zin gehad, helaas kan ik hier niet doorgroeien in mijn functie en heb daarom de keuze gemaakt om op zoek te gaan naar een nieuwe uitdaging. ", " Mon exp\u00e9rience chez EY a \u00e9t\u00e9 marqu\u00e9e de bons suivis par la direction, d'une p\u00e9riode d'apprentissage ad\u00e9quate, de coaching sur l'entreprise au besoin et d'une \u00e9quipe qui se donnait, collaborait et faisait en sorte que le service donn\u00e9 \u00e0 la client\u00e8le soit des plus satisfaisants.  J'aurais consid\u00e9r\u00e9 y demeurer si un poste avait \u00e9t\u00e9 disponible car le poste \u00e9tait pour une p\u00e9riode d\u00e9termin\u00e9e (remplacement). ", " Mezuniyetten sonra is hayat\u0131na at\u0131ld\u0131g\u0131mda ilk is tecr\u00fcbem ve okulum diyebilecegim bir sirket Bana \u00f6grettikleri icin her b\u00f6l\u00fcme ayr\u0131ca tesekk\u00fcr ediyorum. ", " He auditado empresas de los difrenetes rubros existentes. ", " A auditoria das empresas s\u00e3o feitas por tempo determinado pr\u00e9 acordado, desta forma a estrat\u00e9gia e planejamentos dos trabalhos eram essenciais. Aprendi a organizar com mais afinco minhas ideias e aplica\u00e7\u00e3o das mesmas, juntamente com no\u00e7\u00f5es t\u00e9cnicas da \u00e1rea. As equipes de alta performance, estavam interagindo a todo momento, buscando assim mais efici\u00eancia e efic\u00e1cias para os trabalhos. Concluir no tempo estipulado e com a qualidade esperado pelos gerentes foi algo dif\u00edcil de administrar e a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era ver o cliente satisfeito com o resultado atingido de maneira neutra e tamb\u00e9m o networking atingido com a equipe e clientes. ", " Um ambiente de trabalho sensacional, pessoas fant\u00e1sticas. ", " Considero que el crecimiento dentro de la firma es bueno, pero lamentablemente, en ciertas ocasiones se ve influenciado por otros intereses. Una de las ventajas de esta compa\u00f1\u00eda es que otorga buenos beneficios, y mantiene actualizados a sus empleados pero el sacrificio en tu vida personal no es inversamente proporcional a la paga. ", " I joined Ernst and Young Financial Services Consulting in April 2011.   where I led multiple consulting projects with different sizes of client in France and abroad. My project experience includes Business Process Reengineering in claims, Innovation Management, and the implementation of IT solutions for Claims Management. My work on these complex projects enabled me to develop an ability to work in different cultures such as Eastern Europe and the Maghreb, as well as develop an understanding of different regulations and varying maturities in insurance practices. Examples include the implementation of a claims and underwriting organization in a subsidiary of Axa Ukraine, and the establishment of a claims process to support the creation of a subsidiary of Groupama web). ", " L'organisation par projet permet de travailler sur plusieurs missions de certification, pour des soci\u00e9t\u00e9s de secteurs diff\u00e9rents. Cela permet d'appr\u00e9hender plusieurs organisations, m\u00e9thodes de travail, etc. et d'observer les points de convergence. ", " Mon exp\u00e9rience en alternance au sein du cabinet d\u2019audit et d\u2019expertise comptable Ernst &amp; Young fut la plus enrichissante en termes de comp\u00e9tences acquises et de diversit\u00e9 des t\u00e2ches dans des domaines tr\u00e8s vari\u00e9s. En effet, je suis intervenu aupr\u00e8s d\u2019entit\u00e9s de grande taille, notamment dans l\u2019immobilier, l\u2019industrie ou encore le conseil. En outre, cela m\u2019a confront\u00e9 \u00e0 des probl\u00e9matiques comptables et financi\u00e8res tr\u00e8s vari\u00e9es. ", " Na altura em que trabalhei nesta empresa o ambiente era familiar e muito amig\u00e1vel. Dava prazer trabalhar apesar da constante press\u00e3o. O trabalho e o esfor\u00e7o era reconhecido e normalmente era recompensado. Trabalhavamos em equipa e o objectivo de todos era que a nossa empresa fosse bem vista tanto a n\u00edvel nacional como internacional. ", " Avalio que os cinco anos que atuei pela EY potencializaram minha forma\u00e7\u00e3o profissional, sendo  os desafios que encontrei ao longo de minha jornada os respons\u00e1veis pelo meu amadurecimento profissional. ", " muchos cursos virtuales buenos compa\u00f1eros de trabajo poca disponibilidad horaria poca libertad de desicion mucha presion de plazos lo bueno es trabajar con multiples empresas reconocidas ", " production de d\u00e9claration d'imp\u00f4t loi de l'imp\u00f4t bonne encadrement bonne \u00e9quipe horaire flexible et je peut travaill\u00e9 de la maison en cas de temp\u00eate ", " locaux, coll\u00e8gues avec esprit d'entraide participative e tcollaborative ", " Nul besoin de pr\u00e9senter cette compagnie. Difficile d'acc\u00e8s mais une fois au sein, un v\u00e9ritable r\u00e9gale en qualit\u00e9 de gouvernance et disponibilit\u00e9 des coll\u00e8gues/sup\u00e9rieurs. ", " Pertenec\u00eda al equipo de un gerente, el cual ya ten\u00eda las empresas a examinar las declaraciones del empleado, estas se repart\u00edan a los staff, el cual se proced\u00eda a la captura de las declaraciones en un sistema interno, emulando la captura en el sistema del SAT.  La parte mas dif\u00edcil era terminar las declaraciones previstas en el d\u00eda. Lo que m\u00e1s me agrado fue a empat\u00eda que hizo el equipo al que pertenec\u00eda apoy\u00e1ndose y motiv\u00e1ndose uno al otro para terminar y alcanzar el objetivo.  Lo que aprend\u00ed a manejar y el registro de mis propios impuesto y declaraciones. ", " Se aprende mucho tareas que fuera no lo ves por el tipo de rubro que es, ambiente laboral muy grato, tanto con las pares como con la jefatura, ofrecen trabajo estable. Lo que mas me gust\u00f3 fueron las personas con las que trabaj\u00e9 y el tipo de trabajo. ", " Entreprise tr\u00e8s s\u00e9rieuse et dynamique. La rigueur est de mise ce qui est tr\u00e8s appr\u00e9ciable. Un dress code est \u00e9galement mis en place de fa\u00e7on tr\u00e8s stricte ce qui est \u00e9galement tr\u00e8s agr\u00e9able. L'assiduit\u00e9 n\u00e9cessaire pour \u00e9voluer au sein de cette entreprise est tr\u00e8s motivante.  D'autre part, les relations \u00e0 d\u00e9velopper avec chaque service sont de vraies opportunit\u00e9s d'am\u00e9liorer ses capacit\u00e9s en communication y compris sans avoir un poste imposant des contacts avec les clients. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Trabajar en firma es una gran experiencia que permite desarrollar habilidades profesionales y personales ", " La Compa\u00f1\u00eda trabaja para que sus empleados se sientan orgullosos de estar all\u00ed y procura mantener buenos salarios pero la cantidad de compromisos que adquiere con sus clientes va en contra de la meta que se proponen de ser el mejor empleador. La cantidad de trabajo hace que el empleado se estalle de tanto que hacer y afecte su vida personal. ", " Excelente local de trabalho com dinamismo alto indice de aprendizagem e parceria. ", " O trabalho exigia um bons conhecimentos t\u00e9cnicos e bom relacionamento com o cliente. Foi um lugar onde aprendi muito, um ano l\u00e1 equivale facilmente a v\u00e1rios anos em qualquer empresa. A ger\u00eancia bem presente, acompanhava os trabalhos e dava feedback e os colegas muito agrad\u00e1veis e de bom conv\u00edvio. A parte mais dif\u00edcil era lidar com a diversidade de clientes, por conta da locomo\u00e7\u00e3o em S\u00e3o Paulo. A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era os encontros para discutir e aprender mais sobre o trabalho e as formas de melhor desenvolver. ", " Ambiente de trabalho agrad\u00e1vel. Espa\u00e7o para desenvolvimento pessoal. Relacionamento interpessoal satisfat\u00f3rio. ", " Empresa din\u00e2mica, contudo falta um pouco de compreens\u00e3o perante aos empregados que possuem fam\u00edlia, os trabalhos s\u00e3o mal distribu\u00eddos deixando alguns sobrecarregados e outros com pouco ou nada de trabalho. Falta ainda por parte de algumas ger\u00eancias o respeito perante os compromissos pessoais em hor\u00e1rios ap\u00f3s o expediente de trabalho, onde muitos trabalham at\u00e9 madrugadas n\u00e3o podendo se comprometer em fazer um curso, chegar em casa em hor\u00e1rio que possa estar com a fam\u00edlia, ter compromissos externos, etc. ", " L'organisation par projet permet de travailler sur plusieurs missions de certification, pour des soci\u00e9t\u00e9s de secteurs diff\u00e9rents. Cela permet d'appr\u00e9hender plusieurs organisations, m\u00e9thodes de travail, etc. et d'observer les points de convergence. ", " Formele sfeer,hoog kennisniveau en doelgerichte vergaderingen ", " Gran experiencia y muy buen ambiente laboral. Grandes oportunidades de crecimiento. Management muy accesible y cercano. ", " azienda di consulenza che si occupa di consulenza presso imprese private oltrech\u00e9 Amministrazioni pubbliche ", " Mon exp\u00e9rience chez EY a \u00e9t\u00e9 marqu\u00e9e de bons suivis par la direction, d'une p\u00e9riode d'apprentissage ad\u00e9quate, de coaching sur l'entreprise au besoin et d'une \u00e9quipe qui se donnait, collaborait et faisait en sorte que le service donn\u00e9 \u00e0 la client\u00e8le soit des plus satisfaisants.  J'aurais consid\u00e9r\u00e9 y demeurer si un poste avait \u00e9t\u00e9 disponible car le poste \u00e9tait pour une p\u00e9riode d\u00e9termin\u00e9e (remplacement). ", " A auditoria das empresas s\u00e3o feitas por tempo determinado pr\u00e9 acordado, desta forma a estrat\u00e9gia e planejamentos dos trabalhos eram essenciais. Aprendi a organizar com mais afinco minhas ideias e aplica\u00e7\u00e3o das mesmas, juntamente com no\u00e7\u00f5es t\u00e9cnicas da \u00e1rea. As equipes de alta performance, estavam interagindo a todo momento, buscando assim mais efici\u00eancia e efic\u00e1cias para os trabalhos. Concluir no tempo estipulado e com a qualidade esperado pelos gerentes foi algo dif\u00edcil de administrar e a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel era ver o cliente satisfeito com o resultado atingido de maneira neutra e tamb\u00e9m o networking atingido com a equipe e clientes. ", " T\u00fcm denetim \u015fiketleri gibi Deloitte da ayn\u0131 \u015fekilde de\u011fer veriyor \u00e7al\u0131\u015fan\u0131na. ", " Considero que el crecimiento dentro de la firma es bueno, pero lamentablemente, en ciertas ocasiones se ve influenciado por otros intereses. Una de las ventajas de esta compa\u00f1\u00eda es que otorga buenos beneficios, y mantiene actualizados a sus empleados pero el sacrificio en tu vida personal no es inversamente proporcional a la paga. ", " aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ", " Apprentissage, formation, collaborateurs \u00e0 l'\u00e9coute, missions int\u00e9ressantes et diversifi\u00e9es ", " Een prettige en fijne wekjomgeving. Ik heb daar veel geleerd. ", " The company where you can develop and progress quickly or take a more work/life balance approach ", " Excelente ambiente laboral, compaleros y directivos de muy buen nivel profesional y humano. ", " En un d\u00eda t\u00edpico logras aprender mucho sobre temas de contabilidad y auditoria, adem\u00e1s, interactuas con gente que te brinda su experiencia y conocimiento. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " muchos cursos virtuales buenos compa\u00f1eros de trabajo poca disponibilidad horaria poca libertad de desicion mucha presion de plazos lo bueno es trabajar con multiples empresas reconocidas ", " Mon exp\u00e9rience en alternance au sein du cabinet d\u2019audit et d\u2019expertise comptable Ernst &amp; Young fut la plus enrichissante en termes de comp\u00e9tences acquises et de diversit\u00e9 des t\u00e2ches dans des domaines tr\u00e8s vari\u00e9s. En effet, je suis intervenu aupr\u00e8s d\u2019entit\u00e9s de grande taille, notamment dans l\u2019immobilier, l\u2019industrie ou encore le conseil. En outre, cela m\u2019a confront\u00e9 \u00e0 des probl\u00e9matiques comptables et financi\u00e8res tr\u00e8s vari\u00e9es. ", " Na altura em que trabalhei nesta empresa o ambiente era familiar e muito amig\u00e1vel. Dava prazer trabalhar apesar da constante press\u00e3o. O trabalho e o esfor\u00e7o era reconhecido e normalmente era recompensado. Trabalhavamos em equipa e o objectivo de todos era que a nossa empresa fosse bem vista tanto a n\u00edvel nacional como internacional. ", " Se aprende mucho tareas que fuera no lo ves por el tipo de rubro que es, ambiente laboral muy grato, tanto con las pares como con la jefatura, ofrecen trabajo estable. Lo que mas me gust\u00f3 fueron las personas con las que trabaj\u00e9 y el tipo de trabajo. ", " Avalio que os cinco anos que atuei pela EY potencializaram minha forma\u00e7\u00e3o profissional, sendo  os desafios que encontrei ao longo de minha jornada os respons\u00e1veis pelo meu amadurecimento profissional. ", " EY hat eine sehr gute Belegschaft. Das Management ist sehr erfahren und trifft reife Entscheidungen. EY ist renommiert und bei den Gesch\u00e4ftspartnern sehr angesehen. EY bietet sehr abweichslungsreiche Aufgabengebiete. Die Work-Life Balance stimmt. Der Zusammenhalt unter den Mitarbeitenden ist sehr gut. ", " \u00d3TIMA POLITICA DE DESENVOLVIMENTO, PRECISA MAIS CONTROLE NO PROCESSO DE CURSOS PARA DESNVOLVIMENTO INTERNO NO ENTANTO, DA MUITAS OPORTUNIDADES. ", " Mi Mejor experiencia y un aprendizaje muy bueno en con la gente administrativa, como mis jefe directo en Mexico. ", " Es una firma importante a nivel internacional, donde te permite crecer y desarrollarte profesionalmente. ", " Veel mogelijkheden voor ontwikkeling van management/statutory reporting, financial controlling en treasury. Leuke werksfeer tussen professionele collega's. ", " Ambiente stimolante e molto dinamico, possibilit\u00e0 di crescita interna. Scarso equilibrio vita privata/lavorativa ", " Buen ambiente de trabajo entre los miembros del departamento y buenas relaciones con otros departamentos. Alta profesionalidad de la empresa. Excelente trabajo en equipo. ", " Empresa que investe na capacita\u00e7\u00e3o dos seus funcion\u00e1rios. ", " \u3044\u308d\u3093\u306a\u4eba\u3068\u4ed5\u4e8b\u304c\u51fa\u6765\u308b\u3002\u51fa\u793e\u6642\u9593\u3084\u9000\u793e\u6642\u9593\u306b\u5bfe\u3059\u308b\u5236\u7d04\u3082\u7136\u7a0b\u53b3\u3057\u304f\u306a\u304f\u3001\u6240\u5e2f\u6301\u3061\u306e\u5973\u6027\u3082\u6c17\u517c\u306d\u306a\u304f\u5bb6\u65cf\u306e\u30b9\u30b1\u30b8\u30e5\u30fc\u30eb\u306b\u5408\u308f\u305b\u3066\u4ed5\u4e8b\u3092\u9032\u3081\u308b\u4e8b\u304c\u51fa\u6765\u308b\u3002 ", " Top Management hat ein wenig an Realit\u00e4t verloren Guter Zusammenhalt mit Kollegen ", " Bom lugar para agregar conhecimento em diversas \u00e1reas, sempre efetuando tarefas distintas durante o dia dia da empresa, com enorme potencial de aprendizado. ", " Muito contato ao telefone e muita documenta\u00e7\u00e3o diversa exigem grande organiza\u00e7\u00e3o.  Devido \u00e0s caracter\u00edsticas do presidente, l\u00e1 pode-se aprender a lidar com pessoas dif\u00edceis e imprevis\u00edveis. ", " Ambiente stimolante lavorativamente parlando, ma anche dal punto di vista delle relazioni sociali (alcuni dei miei piu' cari amici sono coloro con cui ho collaborato e lavorato all'interno della Societ\u00e0). ", " Pertenec\u00eda al equipo de un gerente, el cual ya ten\u00eda las empresas a examinar las declaraciones del empleado, estas se repart\u00edan a los staff, el cual se proced\u00eda a la captura de las declaraciones en un sistema interno, emulando la captura en el sistema del SAT.  La parte mas dif\u00edcil era terminar las declaraciones previstas en el d\u00eda. Lo que m\u00e1s me agrado fue a empat\u00eda que hizo el equipo al que pertenec\u00eda apoy\u00e1ndose y motiv\u00e1ndose uno al otro para terminar y alcanzar el objetivo.  Lo que aprend\u00ed a manejar y el registro de mis propios impuesto y declaraciones. ", " Leitura de emails, reuni\u00f5es com equipe, pr\u00e1ticas de melhoria cont\u00ednua, aprendizado on the job, compet\u00eancias comerciais e empresariais "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Atuando na consultoria e auditoria para grandes clientes no mercado nacional e internacional, onde a consultoria era contratada para realizar melhorias dentro da empresa do cliente. ", " EY, es una excelente empresa para crecer profesionalmente. En el poco tiempo que llevo, jam\u00e1s imagine adquirir todo el conocimiento que poseo. He trabajado con excelentes equipos, donde celebramos nuestros cumplea\u00f1os, realizamos salidas con gerentes y socios para celebrar haber cerrado etapas de trabajo.  Lo que m\u00e1s me gusta, es aprender, y esto lo he logrado aqu\u00ed, pero tambi\u00e9n deseo equilibrar mi tiempo laboral con el familiar. EY te entrega muchas herramientas, pero hay que invertir mucho tiempo de tu vida en ello, es una buena compa\u00f1\u00eda para formarte. ", " muchos cursos virtuales buenos compa\u00f1eros de trabajo poca disponibilidad horaria poca libertad de desicion mucha presion de plazos lo bueno es trabajar con multiples empresas reconocidas ", " \u00catre Auditeur financier chez E&amp;Y, un des plus gros cabinet d'audit au monde, apporte une r\u00e9elle valeur ajout\u00e9e dans la gestion du stress et de la pression.  De nombreuses opportiunit\u00e9s s'offrent aux employ\u00e9s pour progresser assez rapidement. Le management change avec les missions d'audit et demande une certaine adaptation.  L'aspect le plus difficile est de concilier la vie de travail et la vie priv\u00e9. Cependant les sacrifices sont reconnues ici au Luxmenbourg avec une certaine libert\u00e9 de travail et de gestion de l'emploi du temps. ", " Nessa empresa minha fun\u00e7\u00e3o era de consultora fiscal, trabalhava muito inclusive de feriados e as vezes at\u00e9 aos finais de semana, sempre gostei muito do que fazia, era respons\u00e1vel por toda a rotina fiscal de impostos de 60 clientes multinacionais. Al\u00e9m de ser muito trabalho meu \u00fanico motivo por ter sa\u00eddo foi a falta de oportunidade de crescimento profissional, procuro me dedicar totalmente vestindo a \"camisa\" da empresa mas, tamb\u00e9m procuro como profissional, meu crescimento e conquistas afinal, todos temos sonhos a serem conquistados. ", " Preparar las salas de capacitaci\u00f3n para los cursos que comenzaban en punto de 8:30 supervisando que los montajes estuvieran correctos y el servicio de alimentos estuviera en orden, trabajo de escritorio reservando salas actualizando, calendarios, agendando citas etc... Se utilizar lotus notes, office, t\u00e9cnicas de negociaci\u00f3n Tratar con mi jefa fue lo mas dif\u00edcil de mi trabajo. El ambiente de trabajo y su manera de evaluaci\u00f3n ", " Aprendizado constante em distintos ambientes de trabalho, com pessoas e situa\u00e7\u00f5es diferentes em curtos per\u00edodos de tempo comprovam a riqueza de qualidades adquiridas durante essa experi\u00eancia, tanto t\u00e9cnica quanto pessoal como, amadurecimento profissional, an\u00e1lise cr\u00edtica, versatilidade, tomada de decis\u00e3o, pesquisa, ceticismo, independ\u00eancia, trabalho em grupo, relacionamento, julgamento profissional, entre outras qualidades intr\u00ednsecas e indispens\u00e1veis do dia a dia de trabalho. ", " Dinamik bir i\u015f ortam\u0131, overtimelar fazla, k\u0131sa s\u00fcrede cok fazla i\u015f yeti\u015ftirmeye \u00e7al\u0131\u015f\u0131yorsunuz ", " Trabajo con clientes, normalmente en sus oficinas. Aprend\u00ed al trato con clientes y socios, a auditar cuentas y desenvolverme como es debido en el mundo corporativo.  Hice buenos amigos y contactos  Lo m\u00e1s dif\u00edcil quiz\u00e1s fue que no me apasionaba la contabilidad, por eso deje el trabajo y me dedique al trading. Lo mejor, la experiencia y las personas que conoc\u00ed. ", " O departamento de transaction support em que trabalhei tem como maior caracter\u00edstica desafiar constantemente seus funcion\u00e1rios. O Plano de carreira \u00e9 agressivo e bem estipulado. Os feedbacks e cobran\u00e7as realmente funcionam.  Flexibilidade \u00e9 a palavra de ordem, j\u00e1 que trabalhar com imprevistos \u00e9 uma constante. Os funcion\u00e1rios s\u00e3o jovens mas muito competentes, pois s\u00e3o treinados a assumir cada vez mais responsabilidades. O ambiente de pessoas jovens e cheias de vida era um diferencial. ", " Se aprende mucho tareas que fuera no lo ves por el tipo de rubro que es, ambiente laboral muy grato, tanto con las pares como con la jefatura, ofrecen trabajo estable. Lo que mas me gust\u00f3 fueron las personas con las que trabaj\u00e9 y el tipo de trabajo. ", " N\u00e3o existe rotina em auditoria externa, trabalha-se com equipes diferentes na presta\u00e7\u00e3o do servi\u00e7o. Aprendi a trabalhar em equipe e desenvolver a capacidade de liderar, assim como conhecimentos espec\u00edficos de contabilidade financeira e auditoria de fundos. A parte mais dif\u00edcil da atividade \u00e9 trabalhar com prazos, por\u00e9m n\u00e3o tenho dificuldades em trabalhar em ambiente de press\u00e3o. A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel \u00e9 que n\u00e3o \u00e9 um trabalho repetitivo, autom\u00e1tico, exige um auto-estudo e que o profissional esteja sempre atento as mudan\u00e7as. ", " O mais agrad\u00e1vel do trabalho realizado na empresa \u00e9 a visita em campo, quando podemos verificar o que foi realizado com o escopo do contrato. Os colegas de trabalho s\u00e3o pessoas com um potencial muito grande e que desejam aprender sobre os trabalho a ser realizado. O gerente est\u00e1 sempre pronto para ouvir o seu questionamento e fornece orienta\u00e7\u00f5es a tempo e hora para qualquer corre\u00e7\u00e3o que se fa\u00e7a necess\u00e1rio. ", " Un d\u00eda tipico para mi es darle seguimiento a todos los pendientes que se generan durante la semana y observar las necesidades que requieran cada cliente. Aprendi a que hay que dedicarle el 100 a todo lo que hagamos y siempre creernos y visualizarnos hasta donde queremos llegar.  Obtuve bastante comunicacion por parte de todos mis lideres. A pesar de ser una empresa que siempre tienen constante trabajo siempre resultaron ser accesibles a la hora de integraci\u00f3n.  La parte mas dificil de mi trabajo considero que fue el lograr de tener ese acercamiento con todos ya que cada cabeza resulta un mundo y lograr tener esa sinergia con cada uno de ellos sin descuidar sus labores.  Lo que mas me gusto de mi trabajo fue que aprendi y que me dieron la oportunidad de crecer tanto profesionalmente como mental y lograr asi superarme cada dia mas. ", " Formele sfeer,hoog kennisniveau en doelgerichte vergaderingen ", " EY hat eine sehr gute Belegschaft. Das Management ist sehr erfahren und trifft reife Entscheidungen. EY ist renommiert und bei den Gesch\u00e4ftspartnern sehr angesehen. EY bietet sehr abweichslungsreiche Aufgabengebiete. Die Work-Life Balance stimmt. Der Zusammenhalt unter den Mitarbeitenden ist sehr gut. ", " Startup en crecimiento. Muy buen entorno de trabajo. Gente joven con iniciativa ", " Escritos ante la Agencia Tributaria y preparaci\u00f3n de documentos para el departamento de Auditor\u00eda de EY. ", " Una empresa que valora el esfuerzo y reconoce meritos. Colaboracion entre mis colegas Un dia tipico envio de correspondencia,llamadas,busqueda de informacion, redaccion de correos,cartas, completar formularios internos,viaticos,coordinacion de viajes y traslados,control de archivos y bases de datos. Lo mas dificil no olvidar ningun detalle cuando se atiende a cinco o seis personas. Lo que mas me gusta es el dinamismo. ", " El ambiente de  trabajo es  agradable, los gerentes y seniors est\u00e1n bien preparados para dirigir  a sus subordinados. Lo que  mas me  gusto es el trabajo en equipo. Lo que  me pareci\u00f3 mas  dif\u00edcil fue la  falta de  disposici\u00f3n de algunos clientes al dar informaci\u00f3n necesaria y relevante  para nuestro trabajo de  auditoria. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " aprendi a generar buen ambiente de trabajo, conocimientos sobre como tratar cuentas de los EE.FF, revision de documentacion.  la parte mas dificil de este trabajo es saber valorar los tiempos, ya que se trabaja con diferentes clientes en diferentes partes dentro y fuera de santiago.  lo que mas me gusto eran los cursos que impartian y los ascensos ", " Un d\u00eda t\u00edpico en el trabajo es una aventura porque hay multitud de labores que realizar en funci\u00f3n de la \u00e9poca del a\u00f1o en que se trate. Los meses de mayor actividad son enero - mayo. El trabajo permite grandes posibilidades de formaci\u00f3n en numerosos campos (contabilidad financiera, fiscalidad, consultor\u00eda, precios de transferencia...). El ambiente de trabajo es en general bueno. La plantilla est\u00e1 fundamentalmente conformada por gente joven con ganas de aprender y la direcci\u00f3n es cercana al menos en mi oficina. Lo m\u00e1s dif\u00edcil es planificarse correctamente para cumplir las fechas previstas. ", " Uma empresa din\u00e2mica, em que n\u00e3o existem rotinas de trabalho, cada projeto \u00e9 \u00fanico, exigindo assim o aprimoramento constante dos funcion\u00e1rios. Aprendi muito sobre os processos de neg\u00f3cios das empresas em que passei, riscos e controles internos, e os impactos que causam nas demonstra\u00e7\u00f5es cont\u00e1beis. O clima com a ger\u00eancia e os colegas de trabalho \u00e9 colaborativo, existindo a constante transmiss\u00e3o de conhecimentos. A parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho \u00e9 o stress gerado em alguns trabalhos e a mais agrad\u00e1vel \u00e9 quando superamos tosos os desafios e cumprimos o esperado pelo cliente na conclus\u00e3o dos projetos. ", " El ambiente de trabajo es muy bueno, las personas con las que trabajo son excelentes, los jefes y socio son excelentes personas, la carga laboral para una sola persona es demasiada y no es bien remunerada, es por eso que quiero un cambio a otra empresa, donde haya trabajo en demasia pero que sea bien remunerada. deberia mejorar en el tema de faciliad para los procesos son muy herarquicos, cosas que se puede cambiar y realizar e nunos minutos debe pasar por muchas aprobaciones  y se hace engorroso. el trabajo es intenso todos los dias, aprendes mucho a poder organizarte, avanzar de acuerdo a prioridades, pero la atenci\u00f3n de mas de 6 jefes, llega a no poder talvez cumplir con todos. ", " Principali conoscenze e competenze acquisite:  \tanalisi e ridisegno di processi e strutture organizzative dell\u2019area Amministrazione, Finanza e Controllo, con particolare focus sulla Tesoreria e sui processi di Financial Planning, Cash Management, Funding, e Risk Management;  \tanalisi della programmazione economico-finanziaria, rendicontazione e analisi degli scostamenti di enti pubblici in base alla legge di riforma della contabilit\u00e0 pubblica (L.196/2009);  \tanalisi di consuntivi e budget, identificazione di indicatori di performance in ottica di miglioramento dell\u2019efficienza operativa e di razionalizzazione dei costi. ", " Giornate lavorative molto intense, che danno la possibilit\u00e0 di imparare cose nuove e crescere professionalmente ogni giorno. Principali punti di miglioramento connessi all'esperienza lavorativa in Ernst&amp;Young:  - Capacit\u00e0 di lavorare in un team per raggiungere obiettivi comuni  - Conoscenza dei principi contabili e principi di revisione  - Capacit\u00e0 di rispettare scadenze predefinite Azienda gestita in maniera gerarchica che ti permette di lavorare con persone di diversi livelli e differenti esperienze lavorative. Ambiente di lavoro stimolante ma allo stesso tempo cordiale e con forte spirito di cooperazione. Riuscire a gestire le tempistiche concesse per terminare le attivit\u00e0 rispetto alle difficolt\u00e0 delle attivit\u00e0 stesse. ", " Tiene buen horario de trabajo, prestaciones, instalaciones, se puede trabajar en equipo sin ning\u00fan problema, el servicio a la comunidad deja una sensaci\u00f3n agradable tal como: reforestaci\u00f3n, despensa a alguna asociaci\u00f3n necesitada, juguetes a los ni\u00f1os de bajos recursos. ", " Um dia de trabalho na EY \u00e9 muito din\u00e2mico e foco deve ser na entrega de resultados, aprendi a trabalhar sobre press\u00e3o .A equipe \u00e9 muito participativa e encorajadora. A parte mais dif\u00edcil \u00e9 cumprir o prazo de entrega diante do curto per\u00edodo de tempo.A parte mais gratificante \u00e9 reconhecimento pelo seu trabalho bem feito , tanto por parte da equipe como pela empresa . ", " um dia t\u00edpico de trabalho - muito corrido por\u00e9m agradavel.  o que voc\u00ea aprendeu - 60% do que sei hoje da minha \u00e1rea.  a dire\u00e7\u00e3o/ger\u00eancia - pr\u00f3xima e preocupada com meu desenvolvimento.  seus colegas de trabalho - Excelente!  a parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho - press\u00e3o por\u00e9m aceit\u00e1vel.  a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel do trabalho - colegas de trabalho, aprendizado. ", " Trabajar en EY te permite aprender much\u00edsimo sobre diferentes mercados y tener una capacidad de trabajo alto y una visi\u00f3n global. Los compa\u00f1eros suelen ser gente joven con lo que el ambiente de trabajo es distendido, salvo en ciertas ocasiones en las que pueda haber demasiada presi\u00f3n. ", " O dia-a-dia era bem din\u00e2mico, com muitas viagens e muitas chances de fazer networking, tanto com clientes, quanto com pessoas de outros escrit\u00f3rios. Trabalho desgastante extremamente detalhista. Colegas de trabalho nem sempre dispon\u00edveis para explica\u00e7\u00f5es. Feedbacks ao fim de cada projeto, programa de coaching. Desenvolvi muito a minha maturidade e habilidades com Excel. ", " Com 4,5 anos de empresa, afirmo que aprendi muita coisa, realizei v\u00e1rios projetos diversificados, at\u00e9 que me identifiquei com a \u00e1rea de Recursos Humanos. Participo de projetos de consultoria em RH, desde o planejamento, estrutura\u00e7\u00e3o, desenho e implementa\u00e7\u00e3o. ", " Boa empresa para se iniciar uma carreira, com grande potencial para desenvolvimento pessoal e profissional.  Baixos sal\u00e1rios, forte press\u00e3o para cumprimento de prazos e deadlines s\u00e3o um dos pontos fracos. ", " S\u00f3 tenho elogios para esta organiza\u00e7\u00e3o, excelente empresa a qual tive o privil\u00e9gio de fazer parte de profissionais super qualificados, desenvolver-se n\u00e3o s\u00f3 como pessoa, mas profissionalmente. \u00d3timos benef\u00edcios, empresa que se preocupa com o bem estar do profissional (people first) que ap\u00f3ia os estudos e qualifica\u00e7\u00f5es. Com exce\u00e7\u00e3o a fatos isolados, me refiro \u00e0 ger\u00eancia, que limitada, por  muitas vezes, fugia da cultura da empresa, e fez com que profissionais super qualificados se desligassem frustados e buscassem outros caminhos, sem que ao menos os superiores/l\u00edderes soubessem os motivos.  Acredito que o \u00fanico item que tenha faltado foi esse: uma supervis\u00e3o profunda e eficaz que conhecesse cada profissional de perto. ", " Em EY aprenderam a trabalhar de forma r\u00e1pida e com um n\u00edvel de qualidade na entrega. Eu tive a oportunidade de trabalhar em dois projetos diferentes com diferentes problemas em que eles poderiam aplicar muitos dos conceitos e habilidades aprendidas na escola.  Excelente tratamento de gestores e equipe ", " Empresa muito boa para seguir carreira, por\u00e9m a parte dos estudos referentes a universidade fica um pouco a desejar uma vez que sempre estava fazendo horas-extras e isso atrapalhou meu desenvolvimento na universidade com faltas. ", " Mis colegas son de todas partes del mundo lo cual me permite aprender cosas nuevas en mi d\u00eda a d\u00eda y desarrolar nuevas habilidades. Tengo a cargo a 5 personas de call center. Me gusta la mercadotecnia directa. ", " ES UNA GRAN EMPRESA EN LA CUAL ADQUIERES ACTUALIZACI\u00d3N CONTINUA, EXCELENTE AMBIENTE LABORAL YA QUE TODOS LOS COMPA\u00d1EROS SE RESPETAN,ADEMAS DE CONTAR CON EL TIEMPO NECESARIO PARA DESARROLLAR TRABAJOS DE CALIDAD. ", " A Ernst &amp; Young \u00e9 uma \u00f3tima empresa no ramo de consultoria, tratam muito bem seus funcion\u00e1rios al\u00e9m de oferecer \u00f3timos benef\u00edcios, por\u00e9m, n\u00e3o s\u00e3o bem remunerados e algumas vezes os funcion\u00e1rios ficam sobrecarregados deixando-os insatisfeitos. Falta uma melhor gest\u00e3o e gerenciamento nos setores. ", " Empresa de grande porte com uma carteira privilegiada de clientes, o que proporciona uma quantidade imensa de oportunidades em diferentes \u00e1reas. A parte mais desafiadora de se trabalhar l\u00e1 \u00e9 justamente a forte exig\u00eancia para se tornar um profissional de alto desempenho e de muita flexibilidade. Por\u00e9m alguns pontos n\u00e3o s\u00e3o t\u00e3o satisfat\u00f3rios para uma carreira s\u00f3lida quando se determina uma \u00e1rea de atua\u00e7\u00e3o espec\u00edfica, por vezes, a oportunidade n\u00e3o se concretiza, o que acaba fazendo com que o profissional precise desempenhar fun\u00e7\u00f5es totalmente dispersas de sua \u00e1rea de conhecimento, onde a curva de aprendizado nem sempre \u00e9 levada em considera\u00e7\u00e3o, causando, por vezes frustra\u00e7\u00e3o tanto da parte do profissional como tamb\u00e9m da pr\u00f3pria organiza\u00e7\u00e3o. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " En general me gusto todo, buena relaci\u00f3n entre compa\u00f1eros y superiores, conciliacion familiar y profesional, el salario no estaba mal, hacian eventos participativos para el personal de la empresa ", " l'ambiente di lavoro \u00e8 dinamico e interattivo, grazie alle persone, che hanno mediamente un alto livello di professionalit\u00e0, per elevate competenze ed esperienza ", " Excelente empresa para se trabalhar, ambiente amig\u00e1vel, equipe confi\u00e1vel, apenas a gest\u00e3o do suporte deixava um pouco a desejar. ", " - competitividade; - aprendizado r\u00e1pido; - trabalho em equipe; - outros ", " Muy satisfactorio y continua formaci\u00f3n del empleado en su carrera profesional. ", " Lo que m\u00e1s me gusta del trabajo , son las personas con las que laboro, muestran gran profesionalismo. ", " Tiene buen horario de trabajo, prestaciones, instalaciones, se puede trabajar en equipo sin ning\u00fan problema, el servicio a la comunidad deja una sensaci\u00f3n agradable tal como: reforestaci\u00f3n, despensa a alguna asociaci\u00f3n necesitada, juguetes a los ni\u00f1os de bajos recursos. ", " Un lugar donde un Joven profesional puede dar los mejores primeros pasos. ", " Es una excelente empresa, tiene mucha cultura laboral, actividades para integrar a los colaboradores. en los 5 a\u00f1os que fui parte de EY aprendi mucho, me relaci\u00f3ne y aporte mis conocimientos dia a dia en mis labores diarias. ", " Deadline : un stagiaire doit terminer son stage et n\u2019a pas valid\u00e9 toutes les formations obligatoires demand\u00e9es au cours de ses 3 ann\u00e9es de stage (par manque de motivation, de disponibilit\u00e9, etc \u2026). Il faut g\u00e9rer le stagiaire qui est stress\u00e9, et qui s\u2019angoisse de ne pas valider son stage dans les temps et de devoir tout recommencer. Il faut respecter les r\u00e8gles et des proc\u00e9dures. Permettre \u00e0 un stagiaire de valider son stage qui doit se faire sur une dur\u00e9e de 3 ans, afin de devenir expert comptables et pouvoir signer les comptes. J\u2019ai \u00e9tudi\u00e9  son suivi formation en interne en accord avec le catalogue des formations propos\u00e9es par l\u2019entreprise, avec l\u2019OEC et la Maison des Examen, (avec les divers outils de gestion de suivi de formation propre \u00e0 l\u2019entreprise). Je lui ai propos\u00e9 des solutions (participation ou animation de formation) ou \u00e0 d\u00e9faut, il peut  suivre une formation dans un organisme externe, comme l\u2019Asforef, mais ce qui implique un co\u00fbt. J\u2019ai r\u00e9ussi \u00e0 faire la fiche afin que le stagiaire puisse devenir expert comptable.  Je suis devenue le r\u00e9f\u00e9rent aupr\u00e8s des stagiaires de l\u2019entreprise et je suis  reconnue au sein de l\u2019entreprise en tant que la personne pouvant les aider dans leur d\u00e9marche; ", " En un d\u00edas rutinario es necesario actualizarse en la normatividad contable, financiera tanto local como internacional ", " Compa\u00f1eros de trabajo muy majos, y aun ser una Big4, no tiene tanto nivel de horas extras como su competencia. ", " Personalmente lo que m\u00e1s valoro aqu\u00ed es que se aprende mucho, tienes mucha gente que te ayuda con sus conocimientos contables, de auditor\u00eda, etc. y esta dispuesta a apoyarte siempre. ", " El ambiente de trabajo fue excepcional, conoc\u00ed gente muy inteligente, amigable, dedicada, de los cuales aprend\u00ed muchas cosas y considero aun amigos.  A pesar del volumen del trabajo el ambiente en la firma era divertido, gente muy joven llena de vitalidad y con muchas ganas de trabajar.  La firma es un lugar que se puede hacer carrera muy f\u00e1cilmente debido a las posibilidades que dan para ascender y progresar dentro de la organizaci\u00f3n. Poco a poco se va escalando posiciones y aprendiendo de los mejores profesionales. ", " Un d\u00eda t\u00edpico en el trabajo es una aventura porque hay multitud de labores que realizar en funci\u00f3n de la \u00e9poca del a\u00f1o en que se trate. Los meses de mayor actividad son enero - mayo. El trabajo permite grandes posibilidades de formaci\u00f3n en numerosos campos (contabilidad financiera, fiscalidad, consultor\u00eda, precios de transferencia...). El ambiente de trabajo es en general bueno. La plantilla est\u00e1 fundamentalmente conformada por gente joven con ganas de aprender y la direcci\u00f3n es cercana al menos en mi oficina. Lo m\u00e1s dif\u00edcil es planificarse correctamente para cumplir las fechas previstas. ", " \u00c9 uma empresa com \u00f3timo funcionamento e tamb\u00e9m tratamento dos profissionais ", " Por lo general la hora de entrada era a las 8 am, ya que habia dias que ingresaba a las 7 am porque tenia c\u00e1tedra. El contador organizaba con tiempo sus sesiones y discutiamos casos practicos, y luego en clase dabamos a conocer todo ello, habia oportunidades donde yo dictaba y el contador me supervisaba, y al final de la sesion me daba algunos consejos de reforzamiento ", " O mais agrad\u00e1vel do trabalho realizado na empresa \u00e9 a visita em campo, quando podemos verificar o que foi realizado com o escopo do contrato. Os colegas de trabalho s\u00e3o pessoas com um potencial muito grande e que desejam aprender sobre os trabalho a ser realizado. O gerente est\u00e1 sempre pronto para ouvir o seu questionamento e fornece orienta\u00e7\u00f5es a tempo e hora para qualquer corre\u00e7\u00e3o que se fa\u00e7a necess\u00e1rio. ", " - mod\u00e8le pyramidal o\u00f9 l'on manage rapidement -syst\u00e8me de promotions d'auditeurs  - environnement changeant permettant de toucher \u00e0 divers secteur et entreprises - cadre de travail agr\u00e9able - rythme de travail intense: manque d'\u00e9quilibre vie personnelle et vie professionnelle ", " Excelente empresa de prestigio a nivel mundial, excelentes prestaciones, ambiente insuperable. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " EY is een fijne organisatie om in te werken, werkzaamheden zijn enorm afwisselend. ", " Leuke collega's, veel geleerd, altijd afwisseling: geen 1 dag is hetzelfde. ", " Ha cerrado operaciones en Chile por lo tanto quedo una sensaci\u00f3n de frustraci\u00f3n. ", " Ik deed allerlei secretariaatstaken zoals telefoon beantwoorden, briefwisseling, post verdelen. ", " En typisk arbetsdag varierar beroende p\u00e5 s\u00e4song. Under h\u00f6sten \u00e4r det som ett vanligt kontorjobb, men med n\u00e5got l\u00e4ngre dagar. En snittarbetsvecka \u00e4r p\u00e5 ca 50 timmar. Under vinter/v\u00e5ren \u00e4r det mer intensivt och arbetsveckorna kan bli b\u00e5de 60 och 70 timmar l\u00e5nga. Sommaren medf\u00f6r d\u00e4rmed relativt l\u00e5ng ledighet, d\u00e5 det \u00e4r l\u00e5gs\u00e4song. Arbetet \u00e4r annars utvecklande och man f\u00e5r se olika sorter f\u00f6retag och organisationer, se hur de arbetar, tr\u00e4ffa mycket m\u00e4nniskor och arbete i olika team. Arbetskollegorna \u00e4r enligt min mening det b\u00e4sta och viktigaste med arbetet, och de \u00e4r verkligen toppen h\u00e4r. Vi har p\u00e5 senare tid haft en del omstruktureringar och m\u00f6jligtvis till f\u00f6ljd av det en ovanligt h\u00f6g oms\u00e4ttning p\u00e5 personal.  Det sistn\u00e4mnda tillsammans med att det \u00e4r sv\u00e5rt att hitta en h\u00e5llbar balans i arbetsliv kontra privatliv ser jag som den tuffare delen av arbetet. St\u00f6rsta f\u00f6rdelarena med arbetet, f\u00f6rutom kollegorna. anser jag vara att det \u00e4r omv\u00e4xlande p\u00e5 s\u00e5 s\u00e4tt att du kommer i kontakt med mycket olika kunder och verksamheter. ", " A Empresa me deu toda minha base e foi a formadora de minha carreira, demonstrando como fazer e tamb\u00e9m como n\u00e3o fazer as diversas tarefas e responsabilidades da vida empresarial.  Como trabalhava diretamente com v\u00e1rios s\u00f3cios, alguns deles tinham um perfil moderno, tentando conciliar vida pessoal e trabalho e extraindo o melhor de cada profissional, enquanto outros ainda adotavam o modelo \"Old school\", onde se cobrava o m\u00e1ximo de rendimento sem concilia\u00e7\u00e3o entre as diversas atividades da vida de um ser humano. ", " Crossborder BTW advisering en het samenstellen van BTW aangiftes ", " Excelente semillero de profesionales, es una muy buena escuela para poder dar los primeros pasos cuando sales de la Universidad ", " NO era divertido ni din\u00e1mico, tom\u00e9 una mala decisi\u00f3n porque me dej\u00e9 llevar por lo que me ofrecieron que fue similar a lo que ten\u00eda en PepsiCola pero no se dio con el tiempo.  Por el contrario mi jefe ten\u00eda malas costumbres de tocar la cintura para saludar, ya que saludaba con beso en la mejilla. No hab\u00eda nada din\u00e1mico ni nuevo sobre trabajo de la empresa, todo lo que se hac\u00eda eran cosas personales. Su forma de dirigir la empresa no era la adecuada ya que \u00e9l no tomaba las decisiones sino otras personas, antes de donar dinero preguntaba cuanto donaban los dem\u00e1s siendo \u00e9l el due\u00f1o de la empresa. Las personas que trabajaban ah\u00ed pensaban en irse a otra empresa, ya que solo estaban esperando la \"oportunidad\", eso no lo supe sino hasta cuando estuve ah\u00ed. Sal\u00ed de ah\u00ed por mutuo acuerdo porque no hicimos empat\u00eda con mi jefe, y pienso que fue porque no dej\u00e9 que su mano vaya m\u00e1s all\u00e1, sin embargo \u00e9l lo atribuy\u00f3 a mis olvidos en su agenda, pienso que fue un pretexto.  En otras empresas anteriores no me ha pasado tal situaci\u00f3n.  El salario era atractivo y fue una de las razones por las que me cambi\u00e9, adem\u00e1s de los beneficios que dijeron iba a darme que era similiar a lo de Pepsi porque los ten\u00edan. Realmente me arrepiento haber salido de PepsiCo. ", " Empresa proporciona aprendizado e crescimento. Demanda alta de trabalho, mas esp\u00edrito de equipe contribui positivamente. ", " El ambiente de trabajo es muy bueno, las personas con las que trabajo son excelentes, los jefes y socio son excelentes personas, la carga laboral para una sola persona es demasiada y no es bien remunerada, es por eso que quiero un cambio a otra empresa, donde haya trabajo en demasia pero que sea bien remunerada. deberia mejorar en el tema de faciliad para los procesos son muy herarquicos, cosas que se puede cambiar y realizar e nunos minutos debe pasar por muchas aprobaciones  y se hace engorroso. el trabajo es intenso todos los dias, aprendes mucho a poder organizarte, avanzar de acuerdo a prioridades, pero la atenci\u00f3n de mas de 6 jefes, llega a no poder talvez cumplir con todos. ", " Non dubito sull'importanza del project management che consente di monitorare e portare a termine le scadenze lavorative, ma ritengo di non essere adatta al mestiere di consulente. ", " Trabalhei com assessoria tribut\u00e1ria com foco em estrangeiros no Brasil (Japones). Aprend\u00ed muito sobre as quest\u00f5es tribut\u00e1rias de pessoa f\u00edsica. O ambiente de trabalho \u00e9 muito agrad\u00e1vel, as pessoas s\u00e3o excelentes. A parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho \u00e9 que no per\u00edodo da entrega do Imposto de renda pessoa f\u00edsica, \u00e9 necess\u00e1rio fazer muita hora extra, ficando dif\u00edcil estabelecer o equil\u00edbrio entre vida pessoal e trabalho ", " Un environnement de travail particuli\u00e8rement stimulant. ", " Excellent esprit d'\u00e9quipe, opportunit\u00e9s pour la formation continue, mise \u00e0 disposition de moyens techniques, place de travail agr\u00e9able, entreprise tr\u00e8s bien plac\u00e9e \u00e0 Lausanne ", " \u00d3tima aprendizagem, conhecimento de v\u00e1rios nichos de mercado, desenvolvimento pessoal e profissional. Existia dificuldade em conciliar a vida pessoal e a profissional, exig\u00eancia de disponibilidade ap\u00f3s o hor\u00e1rio de contrato, esse era o ponto negativo ", " Un d\u00eda t\u00edpico era ejecutar, ejecutar y ejecutar.  Las directrices vienen normalmente del corporativo de Monterrey, aunque la comunicaci\u00f3n es excelente a trav\u00e9s de juntas interactivas con el Director General. Tienen un excelente control de sus procesos y constantemente est\u00e1n innovando en sus servicios.  Eval\u00faan a sus l\u00edderes y toman acciones en consecuencia. ", " Empresa em alto crescimento, com boas oportunidades e excelentes profissionais. ", " Esperienza lavorativa molto formativa. Contesto dinamico e flessibile. ", " Deixa a desejar em carreira para profissionais de \u00e1reas administrativas "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Ottima esperienza, altamente formativa. Il tipo di lavoro e le dinamiche della societ\u00e0 portano ad una costante crescita professionale. ", " Acompa\u00f1ar con mas regularidad a los senior o asistentes del \u00e1rea. ", " Oportunidades de crescimento e desafios. Excelente escola ", " Excelente empresa para desarrollar una carrera profesional en el sector de los servicios profesionales. ", " Cabinet d'audit mondial. Stage int\u00e9ressant en seconde, d'autant plus d'un point de vue personnel. ", " el ambiente de trabajo es lijero te sientes bien, la comunicacion con todos los colaboradores es igual, te tratan con amabilidad y respeto, puedes preguntar a cualquier nivel gerencial para la solucion de problemas o su experiencia trabajando para la firma. ", " EY, es una excelente empresa para crecer profesionalmente. En el poco tiempo que llevo, jam\u00e1s imagine adquirir todo el conocimiento que poseo. He trabajado con excelentes equipos, donde celebramos nuestros cumplea\u00f1os, realizamos salidas con gerentes y socios para celebrar haber cerrado etapas de trabajo.  Lo que m\u00e1s me gusta, es aprender, y esto lo he logrado aqu\u00ed, pero tambi\u00e9n deseo equilibrar mi tiempo laboral con el familiar. EY te entrega muchas herramientas, pero hay que invertir mucho tiempo de tu vida en ello, es una buena compa\u00f1\u00eda para formarte. ", " Att arbeta med skatter\u00e4tt f\u00f6r en av de \"big four\" inom revsionsbranchen har gett mig m\u00f6jlighet att kontinuerligt fortbilda mig inom den st\u00e4ndigt f\u00f6r\u00e4nderliga skatter\u00e4tten. D\u00e5 bolaget \u00e4r etablerat i stort sett hela v\u00e4rlden har det \u00e4ven gett mig insikt i samt goda m\u00f6jligheter att f\u00e5 kontakt med och erh\u00e5lla skatter\u00e4ttslig information fr\u00e5n alla delar av v\u00e4rlden. Jag har under min tid p\u00e5 bolaget utvecklat mina skatter\u00e4ttsliga f\u00e4rdigheter fr\u00e5n att vara nykl\u00e4ckt jurist direkt fr\u00e5n universitetet till att vara d\u00e4r jag \u00e4r idag, tax manager med ansvar f\u00f6r ett antal kunder. F\u00f6rdelen med att arbeta som konsult \u00e4r att man kan styra sina arbetstider och att det inte \u00e4r n\u00f6dv\u00e4ndigt att vara p\u00e5 plats p\u00e5 kontoret varje dag. Nackdelen \u00e4r att man b\u00f6r vara tillg\u00e4nglig i s\u00e5 stor omfattning som m\u00f6jligt. ", " Es muy importante que la asignaci\u00f3n de las personas se haga adecuadamente con el objetivo de que las personas trabajan mas motivadas ", " A EY \u00e9 uma empresa que investe no treinamento de seus funcion\u00e1rios, possibilitando o crescimento e desenvolvimento destes dentro da companhia. O ambiente \u00e9 agrad\u00e1vel e din\u00e2mico, com facilidade de acesso \u00e0 lideran\u00e7a e clareza de comunica\u00e7\u00e3o. Desenvolvi boa parte de meus conhecimentos t\u00e9cnicos e pessoais nesta empresa. O \u00fanico ponto que desfavorece \u00e9 na quest\u00e3o salarial e de benef\u00edcios. ", " EY garantisce una rapida crescita professionale dovuta alla tipologia e all'intensit\u00e0 delle attivit\u00e0 lavorative svolte. Tuttavia, in molti casi, l'orario di lavoro non garantisce un work/life balance ottimale. ", " Jornada y permisos flexibles regalos fiestas aguinaldos celebraci\u00f3n de cumplea\u00f1os ", " aprendi a generar buen ambiente de trabajo, conocimientos sobre como tratar cuentas de los EE.FF, revision de documentacion.  la parte mas dificil de este trabajo es saber valorar los tiempos, ya que se trabaja con diferentes clientes en diferentes partes dentro y fuera de santiago.  lo que mas me gusto eran los cursos que impartian y los ascensos ", " Aprend\u00ed a ser tolerante con personas prepotentes. Encontr\u00e9 la manera de trabajar con ellas, y convencerlas de la calidad de mi trabajo. ", " Un dia tipico productivo con llegada temprano, y realizar las funciones programadas para el dia. Aprendi a desarrollarme profesionalmente  la direccion con un gran objetivo los colegas muy buenos compa;eros de trabajo. nnguna trabajar en forma independiente , y cuando se requeria en equipo para poner en la mesa los resultados. ", " Es una empresa en la cual aprendes mucho de todos los colaboradores, en donde el trabajo en equipo y la capacitaci\u00f3n constante son parte primordial de tu crecimiento. Logre evolucionar y aprender m\u00e1s all\u00e1 de lo que podr\u00eda hacerlo en cualquier otra organizaci\u00f3n, ya que me brindaron la oportunidad de tomar mayores responsabilidades, generar mejores beneficios y desempe\u00f1ar funciones que complementaban mi puesto, al grado de tener diversas \u00e1reas a mi cargo sin pertenecer al \u00e1rea en la cual laboraba. Conociendo alcances mayores sobre mis capacidades y habilidades, siendo esto un reto profesional muy complejo y dif\u00edcil que sobrepuse siendo autodidacta y creativo para solucionar las problem\u00e1ticas que se me presentaban. La gente que labora en ella tiene una calidad moral, \u00e9tica y emocional incre\u00edble, los cuales llegan a ser parte primordial de tu vida cotidiana, creando v\u00ednculos y lazos de amistad impresionantes. La estructura organizacional se encuentra definida y bien dirigida, lo que ayuda a conocer cuales son los alcances, las metas y los objetivos de la empresa, en donde te sientes participe de su crecimiento y evoluci\u00f3n en el mercado. Adem\u00e1s de generar una lealtad y compromiso en cada una de las actividades que se desempe\u00f1an. ", " En ocasiones la carga es demasiada e interfiere en la vida privada de los trabajadores. ", " Un d\u00eda tipico para mi es darle seguimiento a todos los pendientes que se generan durante la semana y observar las necesidades que requieran cada cliente. Aprendi a que hay que dedicarle el 100 a todo lo que hagamos y siempre creernos y visualizarnos hasta donde queremos llegar.  Obtuve bastante comunicacion por parte de todos mis lideres. A pesar de ser una empresa que siempre tienen constante trabajo siempre resultaron ser accesibles a la hora de integraci\u00f3n.  La parte mas dificil de mi trabajo considero que fue el lograr de tener ese acercamiento con todos ya que cada cabeza resulta un mundo y lograr tener esa sinergia con cada uno de ellos sin descuidar sus labores.  Lo que mas me gusto de mi trabajo fue que aprendi y que me dieron la oportunidad de crecer tanto profesionalmente como mental y lograr asi superarme cada dia mas. ", " Trabalhar na EY proporciona o crescimento pessoal e profissional, ajudando a desenvolver as habilidades t\u00e9cnicas; ", " Empresa multinacional, din\u00e2mica, com oportunidade de crescimento. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Ce fut 12 ans d'exp\u00e9rience tr\u00e8s enrichissante et en perpetuel changement en terme de probl\u00e9matique rh, d'organisation et de gestion des effectifs gestion d'une population de 450 personnes avec 4 m\u00e9tiers diff\u00e9rents ", " Estoy aprendiendo mucho en esta etapa de mi vida laboral pero considero que es el momento de darle un nuevo rumbo a mi vida y avanzar en mi carrera profesional. ", " Empresa Normal, clima agrad\u00e1vel entre os funcion\u00e1rios.     Aprendi muito Uso o ingl\u00eas diariamente \u00f3timos gerentes Bons colegas de trabalho               . ", " Excellentes opportunit\u00e9s de carri\u00e8res, de nombreuses formations, travailler chez Ernst &amp; Young m'a permis d'acqu\u00e9rir une solide exp\u00e9rience du terrain. ", " Existe poca relaci\u00f3n entre los trabajadores y una alta competitivad generada por la incesante demanda por el cumplimiento de metas. No se propicia el trabajo en equipo. ", " el aprendizaje es rapido y continuo, el ambiente de trabajo es muy bueno y el apoyo hacia el empleado es bueno, las jornadas laborales son largas y pesadas. hay continuo feedback lo cual es muy bueno para crecer como profesionista ", " Desenvolvimento de processos de visto para estrangeiros que visam residir no Brasil em car\u00e1ter tempor\u00e1rio ou permanente para trabalhar. Contato di\u00e1rio com MTE ( Minist\u00e9rio do Trabalho) e MJ ( Minist\u00e9rio da Justi\u00e7a) para consulta de processos. Consultoria aos clientes. ", " Na EY tive oportunidade de desenvolver habilidades diversas como por exemplo: diversidade, capacidade de lidar com diferentes projetos ao mesmo tempo, o ambiente de trabalho em geral \u00e9 bem prop\u00edcio. ", " Lo que me gusta de esta empresa es que creces como como profesionista y como persona, se rige con muchos valores lo que la posecionado en una de las mejores firmas a nivel intercional, y en relaci\u00f3n a lasprestaciones ete da mucho. ", " Muy buen lugar de trabajo para desarrollar la carrera, la gente muy profesional y apoya en dudas. Ambiente divertido y amigable. ", " Es una empresa con um clima laboral excelente y con numerosos beneficios para el personal, solo que en mi caso la esencia del negocio no es compatible con mis competencias. ", " En general me gusto todo, buena relaci\u00f3n entre compa\u00f1eros y superiores, conciliacion familiar y profesional, el salario no estaba mal, hacian eventos participativos para el personal de la empresa ", " Much\u00edsima carga de trabajo con compa\u00f1eros muy cualificados de los que aprender. ", " Empresa din\u00e1mica y multicultural, uno se relaciona permanentemente con funcionarios de otros pa\u00edses tanto en forma presencial como por tel\u00e9fono. ", " O ambiente de trabalho na Ernst sempre foi otimo e foi possivel estabelecer relacionamentos profissionais duradouros.  Os colegas de trabalho na E&amp;Y me ajudaram sempre. ", " Empresa que investe na capacita\u00e7\u00e3o dos seus funcion\u00e1rios. ", " l'ambiente di lavoro \u00e8 dinamico e interattivo, grazie alle persone, che hanno mediamente un alto livello di professionalit\u00e0, per elevate competenze ed esperienza ", " Een typische dag op mijn werk was. 's-morgens 9.00 computer opstarten, koffie halen voor de collega's en mijzelf, 10 min bijpraten, daarna aan de slag. Collega's zijn voor mij zeer belangrijk. Om te brainstormen, om gezamenlijk de klus te \"klaren\". ", " opportunit\u00e9 de travailler sur de nombreux secteurs d'activit\u00e9s et tailles variables d'entreprises. Donne donc la chance de d\u00e9couvrir plusieurs probl\u00e9matiques et types de management.  Tr\u00e8s forte culture du monde l'entreprise \u00e0 acqu\u00e9rir ", " Empresa din\u00e2mica e agrad\u00e1vel de se trabalhar, oferece \u00f3timos benef\u00edcios e muito aprendizado. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Participa\u00e7\u00e3o na contrata\u00e7\u00e3o de aproximadamente 200 profissionais com defici\u00eancia para o projeto \"EY Able\" em 15 escrit\u00f3rios a n\u00edvel Brasil. ", " Aunque la empresa es muy demandante, los equipos de trabajo fomentan un ambiente de trabajo de colaborarci\u00f3n, se crean buenos lazos de amistad y compa\u00f1erismo.  La direcci\u00f3n y manejo de la empresa es un poco compleja dado que los socios son trabajadores al mismo tiempo que due\u00f1os lo cual crea situaciones en que son juez y parte que pudieran crear cierto conflicto en el liderasgo de los equipos de trabajo.  Respecto a la compensaci\u00f3n y prestaciones de empleados son buenas, aunque hay cierta diferencia entre el personal de la pr\u00e1ctica y puestos administrativos ya que los primeros por ser quienes hacen el trabajo de campo cuentan con m\u00e1s beneficios que las posiciones estrat\u00e9gicas como la administraci\u00f3n interna de la firma. ", " Otima empresa para desenvolvimento de conhecimento, mas no momento n\u00e3o esta mais trazendo o que espero neste momento profissional ", " Salarisadministratie is een mooi vak. Door maandelijks op tijd te zorgen voor een juiste betaling heb je veel tevreden klanten. ", " Buen ambiente, trato agradable con profesionales, demanda diaria en picos altos de trabajo, y los resultados positivos y clientes satisfechos. En d\u00edas de vencimientos se trabajaba con mucha presi\u00f3n, pero nadie perd\u00eda la calma. ", " Um dia t\u00edpico de trabalho era chegar em um novo cliente, solicitar toda a documenta\u00e7\u00e3o necess\u00e1ria para o desenvolvimento do trabalho ( como ba\u00e7ancete, Demonstra\u00e7\u00f5es cont\u00e1beis, mem\u00f3ria de c\u00e1lculo de impostos, comprovantes de pagamentos de impostos). Fazer an\u00e1lise do balancete e levantar quais contas ir\u00edamos analizar.  Aprendi como \u00e9 calculado o c\u00e1lculo dos impostos, como \u00e9 feita a contabilidade de cada empresa, dedutibilidade das contas. Meus colegas de trabalho na EY no geral sempre me ajudaram e eu fiz o mesmo por eles. Sab\u00edamos trabalhar em grupo e ensinar. Parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho acredito que sempre foi a falta de documenta\u00e7\u00e3o da parte do cliente. Parte agrad\u00e1vel eram os colegas de trabalho, boa disposi\u00e7\u00e3o dos mesmos, falta de rotina e aprendizado ", " Largas jornadas de trabajo, inmejorable sitio para aprender y adquirir cultura de trabajo. ", " Es una empresa en la que en los primeros a\u00f1os aprender much\u00edsimo sobre contabilidad y finanzas y te anima a querer seguir creciendo como profesional en la firma.  En lo \u00faltimos a\u00f1os, se han recortado las horas de trabajo por proyecto de manera significativa.  Se ha aumentado la exigibilidad a los equipos de trabajo.  En general, el trato al equipo de trabajo que realiza el trabajo de campo se ha deteriorado dr\u00e1sticamente empeorando sus condiciones tanto laborales como retributivas, generando un ambiente generalizado de hast\u00edo y apat\u00eda ", " Environnement de travail agr\u00e9able Pic d'activit\u00e9 durant la p\u00e9riode fiscale Collaborateurs \u00e0 l'\u00e9coute ", " l'aspect le plus agr\u00e9able est que malgr\u00e9 la pression qui existe au sein de ce cabinet on acquiert une v\u00e9ritable experience ", " Fue una experiencia muy buena. Durante los 10 a\u00f1os que trabaje en EY estuve cultivadonme para llegar a tener bastante experiencia en la Logistica de Compras. Tuve un buen supervisor que me ayudo aprender tanto las gestiones como el \u00e1rea administrativo de la firma. He asistido a muchos de los cursos de formaci\u00f3n impartidos por la firma y es de agradecer el apoyo aportado para poder seguir creciendo en al \u00e1mbito donde trabajaba. Mi valoraci\u00f3n es buena ya que los a\u00f1os trabajados all\u00ed han sido de gran aportaci\u00f3n tanto profesional como personal. ", " Le m\u00e9tier de consultant permet d'approcher divers domaines pour diff\u00e9rents clients. L'adaptation et le sens de l'analyse sont primordiaux pour \u00e9voluer dans ce contexte. ", " Por se tratar de uma consultoria, estamos em constante transforma\u00e7\u00e3o para atender sempre da melhor maneira os nossos clientes. O trabalho \u00e9 desafiador, principalmente por lidarmos com todos os tipos de p\u00fablico. Contamos sempre com o apoio de nossos conselheiros para nos mantermos em constante desenvolvimento. ", " O dia-a-dia era bem din\u00e2mico, com muitas viagens e muitas chances de fazer networking, tanto com clientes, quanto com pessoas de outros escrit\u00f3rios. Trabalho desgastante extremamente detalhista. Colegas de trabalho nem sempre dispon\u00edveis para explica\u00e7\u00f5es. Feedbacks ao fim de cada projeto, programa de coaching. Desenvolvi muito a minha maturidade e habilidades com Excel. ", " Os trabalhos eram muito intensos e ricos em aprendizagem. Al\u00e9m disso, tive a oportunidade de lidar e analisar os mais diversos tipos de empresas. Aprendi muito sobre finan\u00e7as, a ser flex\u00edvel com os diferentes setores do mercado e a trabalhar em equipe. A empresa faz quest\u00e3o de manter bons funcion\u00e1rios e proporciona-los um futuro na pr\u00f3pria organiza\u00e7\u00e3o. Posso dizer que s\u00f3 devo elogiar todo o corpo de dire\u00e7\u00e3o e todos os colegas de trabalho. A parte mais dif\u00edcil \u00e9 passar dias fora de casa, no caso de projetos fora de s\u00e3o paulo e a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel \u00e9 trabalhar sempre com boas perspectivas e com \u00f3timas pessoas ao seu lado. ", " Empresa muito boa para se trabalhar e agregar conhecimento ", " La mejor de las escuelas. Fundamental en mi carrera, por todo lo que aprend\u00ed. ", " EY se caracteriza por trabajar en un entorno multidisciplinar y, en ocasiones, multinacional, con una elevada exigencia respecto de cada proyecto que realiza ", " Ambiente de trabajo agradable, el personal de la empresa es acogedor tanto personal ejecutivo, administrativo y de servicios generales, en un d\u00eda normal se reciben llamadas, se atienden clientes, se maneja correspondencia y se apoya a diferentes \u00e1reas de la empresa, mi relaci\u00f3n con mis compa\u00f1eros es cordial y con un buen trato ", " Em EY aprenderam a trabalhar de forma r\u00e1pida e com um n\u00edvel de qualidade na entrega. Eu tive a oportunidade de trabalhar em dois projetos diferentes com diferentes problemas em que eles poderiam aplicar muitos dos conceitos e habilidades aprendidas na escola.  Excelente tratamento de gestores e equipe "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Empresa em que aposta no bem estar do profissional, onde reembolsa em cursos de Gradua\u00e7\u00e3o, P\u00f3s, L\u00ednguas e d\u00e1 opostunidade de treinamentos internos na Universidade Coorporativa. ", " Ambiente muito colaborativo, aprendi muito nessa empresa, focado no trabalho em equipe ", " Empresa dinamica e com profissionais de altissimo n\u00edvel, onde o aprendizado \u00e9 constante e um clima excelente por\u00e9m n\u00e3o existe qualidade de vida e os sal\u00e1rios iniciais s\u00e3o muito baixos. ", " enormer Lernzuwachs, hilfsbereite, sympathische Kollegen ", " Non dubito sull'importanza del project management che consente di monitorare e portare a termine le scadenze lavorative, ma ritengo di non essere adatta al mestiere di consulente. ", " Dif\u00edcl elevar o n\u00edvel de  maturidade profissional uma vez que grande parte do staff \u00e9 composta por pessoas muito jovens. ", " Es una empresa en la cual aprendes mucho de todos los colaboradores, en donde el trabajo en equipo y la capacitaci\u00f3n constante son parte primordial de tu crecimiento. Logre evolucionar y aprender m\u00e1s all\u00e1 de lo que podr\u00eda hacerlo en cualquier otra organizaci\u00f3n, ya que me brindaron la oportunidad de tomar mayores responsabilidades, generar mejores beneficios y desempe\u00f1ar funciones que complementaban mi puesto, al grado de tener diversas \u00e1reas a mi cargo sin pertenecer al \u00e1rea en la cual laboraba. Conociendo alcances mayores sobre mis capacidades y habilidades, siendo esto un reto profesional muy complejo y dif\u00edcil que sobrepuse siendo autodidacta y creativo para solucionar las problem\u00e1ticas que se me presentaban. La gente que labora en ella tiene una calidad moral, \u00e9tica y emocional incre\u00edble, los cuales llegan a ser parte primordial de tu vida cotidiana, creando v\u00ednculos y lazos de amistad impresionantes. La estructura organizacional se encuentra definida y bien dirigida, lo que ayuda a conocer cuales son los alcances, las metas y los objetivos de la empresa, en donde te sientes participe de su crecimiento y evoluci\u00f3n en el mercado. Adem\u00e1s de generar una lealtad y compromiso en cada una de las actividades que se desempe\u00f1an. ", " El trabajo en Ernst &amp; Young es bastante agradable, uno conoce a diversas personas d\u00eda a d\u00eda, tal como conocimientos que adquirimos a diario. ", " Empresa muito boa para se trabalhar. Boa lideran\u00e7a. Bom gerenciamento e respaldo dos superiores ", " - \u00d3ptimo ambiente de trabalho; - Empresa global; - Com forte vertente ao n\u00edvel da forma\u00e7\u00e3o ", " grato ambiente laboral, posibilidad de hacer carrera en la firma, son las grandes promesas de la firma y as\u00ed se puede ver. ", " Travail et personnel hyper cool. Je n ai fait qu observer durant une journ\u00e9e et ce que j y ai vu m a beaucoup plu ", " Atrav\u00e9s dela obtive muitos resultados pessoais e profissionais , adquirindo diversas experiencias, podendo ser usada no dia a dia e em futuras oportunidades de servi\u00e7o ", " EY es una empresa que te ense\u00f1a bastante, se preocupa por que d\u00eda tras d\u00eda crezca uno como profesional. ", " l'aspect le plus agr\u00e9able est que malgr\u00e9 la pression qui existe au sein de ce cabinet on acquiert une v\u00e9ritable experience ", " EY se caracteriza por trabajar en un entorno multidisciplinar y, en ocasiones, multinacional, con una elevada exigencia respecto de cada proyecto que realiza ", " Trabalhava muito com planilhas de excel, praticamento o dia todo, e isso fez o meu n\u00edvel de excel se elevar. Aprendi muito sobre contabilidade, a ser mais anal\u00edtica e precisa.   ", " Empresa multinacional, din\u00e2mica, com oportunidade de crescimento. ", " Lugar agradable de trabajo, crecimiento profesional, gente adradable ", " Se aprende mucho acerca del trato con los clientes, de como adaptarse a los cambios y de trabajar bajo presi\u00f3n y con responsabilidad. El hecho de interactuar en grupos con los colegas genera un mayor aprendizaje. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Valoran mucho a su personal, excelente ambiente de trabajo. Tienes para realizar una buena linea de carrera. ", " Excelente empresa para desarrollar una carrera profesional en el sector de los servicios profesionales. ", " E' stata la prima vera esperienza in Trade Lab. Ho imparato tantissimo grazie alle persone sempre disponbili. ", " A empresa garante estabilidade e bons benef\u00edcios. Um lugar onde d\u00e1 suporte para obten\u00e7\u00e3o de conhecimentos e investe muito no aprimoramento dos funcion\u00e1rios. ", " Participa\u00e7\u00e3o na contrata\u00e7\u00e3o de aproximadamente 200 profissionais com defici\u00eancia para o projeto \"EY Able\" em 15 escrit\u00f3rios a n\u00edvel Brasil. ", " proyectos interesantes y buen ambiente de trabajo. Muy introducida en el sector asegurador. Ambiente de trabajo con cierta complicaci\u00f3n ", " Es una empresa lider en su rubro donde se logra el desarrollo profesional necesario para enfrentarse a otros desafios en diferentes empresas. ", " Benef\u00edcios diferenciados Excel\u00eante na capacita\u00e7\u00e3o do colaborador Estrutura organizacional Bem definida Plano de carreira bem definido ", " Otima empresa para desenvolvimento de conhecimento, mas no momento n\u00e3o esta mais trazendo o que espero neste momento profissional ", " Aprend\u00ed a ser tolerante con personas prepotentes. Encontr\u00e9 la manera de trabajar con ellas, y convencerlas de la calidad de mi trabajo. ", " Lo que m\u00e1s me gusta del trabajo , son las personas con las que laboro, muestran gran profesionalismo. ", " Excelente empresa para se trabalhar, ambiente amig\u00e1vel, equipe confi\u00e1vel, apenas a gest\u00e3o do suporte deixava um pouco a desejar. ", " Difficile de r\u00e9sumer 14 ans pass\u00e9s dans une grande entreprise telle que celle ci. ", " Formaci\u00f3n excelente.  Trabajo con importantes empresas multinacionales.  Facilidad para trabajar bajo presi\u00f3n.  Exigencia profesional.  Buen ambiente de trabajo. ", " Cette entreprise permet de nombreuses opportunit\u00e9s de d\u00e9veloppement en interne mais aussi gr\u00e2ce au r\u00e9seau international. ", " Ik deed allerlei secretariaatstaken zoals telefoon beantwoorden, briefwisseling, post verdelen. ", " Conquistei um grande crescimento profissional na minha carreira ", " Foi muito importante para explorar melhor o ambiente de equipe, aprender uma nova \u00e1rea e atuar em diversas empresas/clientes. ", " Ottima esperienza, altamente formativa. Il tipo di lavoro e le dinamiche della societ\u00e0 portano ad una costante crescita professionale. ", " Ernst &amp; Young es un muy buen lugar de trabajo con gente din\u00e1mica, emprendedora y de muy buen trato. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Es muy importante que la asignaci\u00f3n de las personas se haga adecuadamente con el objetivo de que las personas trabajan mas motivadas ", " - collaborateurs qualifi\u00e9s et comp\u00e9tents - une formation initiale avec des bases solides - nombreux voyages enrichissant par la connaissance du terrain ", " Largas jornadas de trabajo, inmejorable sitio para aprender y adquirir cultura de trabajo. ", " Empresa en al cual puedes obtener una gran experiencia como auditor externo, realizando auditor\u00edas a empresas de distintas industrias. ", " Salarisadministratie is een mooi vak. Door maandelijks op tijd te zorgen voor een juiste betaling heb je veel tevreden klanten. ", " buen trabajo, pero sueldo bajo para las tareas diarias, turnos rotativo mas noches que d\u00eda, inclusive fines de semana, poco tiempo de d\u00eda con la familia ", " E uma empresa muito boa pra se trabalhar,pois visa o profissinoal, da oportunidade de crescimento e incentivo para os estudos. ", " Iniziare dalla consulenza, pur essendo un ambiente stressante e demanding mi ha permesso di acquisire un metodo che ancora oggi mi porto. ", " Ampie possibilita' di carriera anche a livello mondiale oltre che internazionale e nazionale. ", " Um excelente lugar para iniciar a carreira e adquirir experi\u00eancia. ", " Zeer prettige werkgever. Alle kans jezelf te ontplooien met voldoende aandacht voor werk/prive balans ", " Empresa muito boa para se trabalhar e agregar conhecimento ", " Marca forte; Staff e executivo de alto n\u00edvel; Excelente ambiente de trabalho; Equipe colaborativa; \u00d3timos benef\u00edcios; Agressivo plano de carreira. ", " Jornada y permisos flexibles regalos fiestas aguinaldos celebraci\u00f3n de cumplea\u00f1os ", " Compa\u00f1eros de trabajo muy majos, y aun ser una Big4, no tiene tanto nivel de horas extras como su competencia. ", " Muy satisfactorio y continua formaci\u00f3n del empleado en su carrera profesional. ", " - M\u00e9thode de travail pr\u00e9cis et tr\u00e8s complet - Bon relationnel (client, \u00e9quipe, mangers) - Fort esprit d\u2019\u00e9quipe ", " \u00c9 um grande desafio o ramo de auditoria, voce obtem muito conhecimento e \u00e9 precionado diariamente ", " Considero que Ernst &amp; Young, es una compa\u00f1\u00eda en la que puedes adquirir toda la experiencia con todo el apoyo de tus superiores. ", " Empresa proporciona aprendizado e crescimento. Demanda alta de trabalho, mas esp\u00edrito de equipe contribui positivamente. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Compa\u00f1eros de trabajo muy majos, y aun ser una Big4, no tiene tanto nivel de horas extras como su competencia. ", " Ernst &amp; Young offre plusieurs opportunit\u00e9s de d\u00e9veloppement professionnel ", " Trabajo en Equipo Facilitadores y capacitaci\u00f3n para aprendizaje en el d\u00eda a d\u00eda Relaci\u00f3n cercana con superiores ", " Es una empresa que brinda un excelente ambiente de trabajo aunque se maneja mucha presi\u00f3n ", " A empresa proporcional muita conhecimento t\u00e9cnico, cursos e a possibilidade de crescer. ", " enormer Lernzuwachs, hilfsbereite, sympathische Kollegen ", " \u00c9 uma empresa com \u00f3timo funcionamento e tamb\u00e9m tratamento dos profissionais ", " Muy satisfactorio y continua formaci\u00f3n del empleado en su carrera profesional. ", " met veel plezier naar het werk heel veel open jong team met bijna dezelfde interesses  ", " Crossborder BTW advisering en het samenstellen van BTW aangiftes ", " En typisk arbetsdag varierar beroende p\u00e5 s\u00e4song. Under h\u00f6sten \u00e4r det som ett vanligt kontorjobb, men med n\u00e5got l\u00e4ngre dagar. En snittarbetsvecka \u00e4r p\u00e5 ca 50 timmar. Under vinter/v\u00e5ren \u00e4r det mer intensivt och arbetsveckorna kan bli b\u00e5de 60 och 70 timmar l\u00e5nga. Sommaren medf\u00f6r d\u00e4rmed relativt l\u00e5ng ledighet, d\u00e5 det \u00e4r l\u00e5gs\u00e4song. Arbetet \u00e4r annars utvecklande och man f\u00e5r se olika sorter f\u00f6retag och organisationer, se hur de arbetar, tr\u00e4ffa mycket m\u00e4nniskor och arbete i olika team. Arbetskollegorna \u00e4r enligt min mening det b\u00e4sta och viktigaste med arbetet, och de \u00e4r verkligen toppen h\u00e4r. Vi har p\u00e5 senare tid haft en del omstruktureringar och m\u00f6jligtvis till f\u00f6ljd av det en ovanligt h\u00f6g oms\u00e4ttning p\u00e5 personal.  Det sistn\u00e4mnda tillsammans med att det \u00e4r sv\u00e5rt att hitta en h\u00e5llbar balans i arbetsliv kontra privatliv ser jag som den tuffare delen av arbetet. St\u00f6rsta f\u00f6rdelarena med arbetet, f\u00f6rutom kollegorna. anser jag vara att det \u00e4r omv\u00e4xlande p\u00e5 s\u00e5 s\u00e4tt att du kommer i kontakt med mycket olika kunder och verksamheter. ", " Esperienza lavorativa molto formativa. Contesto dinamico e flessibile. ", " Secteur priv\u00e9.  Les opportunit\u00e9s de d\u00e9veloppement existent.  Beaucoup de comp\u00e9tition entre collaborateurs. ", " Alto grado de responsabilidad y conocimiento general, Trabajo bajo presi\u00f3n ", " Deixa a desejar em carreira para profissionais de \u00e1reas administrativas ", " Possui beneficios acima do mercado, com incentivo a palestras e treinamentos dados pelos gerentes seniores e socios. ", " En ocasiones la carga es demasiada e interfiere en la vida privada de los trabajadores. ", " Empresa em alto crescimento, com boas oportunidades e excelentes profissionais. ", " Cabinet d'audit mondial. Stage int\u00e9ressant en seconde, d'autant plus d'un point de vue personnel. ", " Un environnement de travail particuli\u00e8rement stimulant. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Conquistei um grande crescimento profissional na minha carreira ", " Empresa em que aposta no bem estar do profissional, onde reembolsa em cursos de Gradua\u00e7\u00e3o, P\u00f3s, L\u00ednguas e d\u00e1 opostunidade de treinamentos internos na Universidade Coorporativa. ", " Um excelente lugar para iniciar a carreira e adquirir experi\u00eancia. ", " Ernst &amp; Young es un muy buen lugar de trabajo con gente din\u00e1mica, emprendedora y de muy buen trato. ", " Alto grado de responsabilidad y conocimiento general, Trabajo bajo presi\u00f3n ", " Com oportunidade de trabalhar em grandes e diversos clientes, conhecer v\u00e1rias culturas, o crescimento pessoal e profissional \u00e9 not\u00e1vel em pouqu\u00edssimo tempo. Devido ao alto grau de exig\u00eancia, a vida pessoal fica um pouco comprometida, mas a visibilidade profissional \u00e9 not\u00f3ria. Sal\u00e1rio reconhecidamente abaixo do mercado mas com benef\u00edcios compat\u00edveis, o lado financeiro come\u00e7a a ficar vi\u00e1vel para quem mora sozinho a partir do cargo de Gerente. Colocando tudo na balan\u00e7a, vale o investimento! ", " Es una empresa lider en su rubro donde se logra el desarrollo profesional necesario para enfrentarse a otros desafios en diferentes empresas. ", " \u00catre Auditeur financier chez E&amp;Y, un des plus gros cabinet d'audit au monde, apporte une r\u00e9elle valeur ajout\u00e9e dans la gestion du stress et de la pression.  De nombreuses opportiunit\u00e9s s'offrent aux employ\u00e9s pour progresser assez rapidement. Le management change avec les missions d'audit et demande une certaine adaptation.  L'aspect le plus difficile est de concilier la vie de travail et la vie priv\u00e9. Cependant les sacrifices sont reconnues ici au Luxmenbourg avec une certaine libert\u00e9 de travail et de gestion de l'emploi du temps. ", " Preparar las salas de capacitaci\u00f3n para los cursos que comenzaban en punto de 8:30 supervisando que los montajes estuvieran correctos y el servicio de alimentos estuviera en orden, trabajo de escritorio reservando salas actualizando, calendarios, agendando citas etc... Se utilizar lotus notes, office, t\u00e9cnicas de negociaci\u00f3n Tratar con mi jefa fue lo mas dif\u00edcil de mi trabajo. El ambiente de trabajo y su manera de evaluaci\u00f3n ", " Se aprende mucho acerca del trato con los clientes, de como adaptarse a los cambios y de trabajar bajo presi\u00f3n y con responsabilidad. El hecho de interactuar en grupos con los colegas genera un mayor aprendizaje. ", " um dia t\u00edpico de trabalho - muito corrido por\u00e9m agradavel.  o que voc\u00ea aprendeu - 60% do que sei hoje da minha \u00e1rea.  a dire\u00e7\u00e3o/ger\u00eancia - pr\u00f3xima e preocupada com meu desenvolvimento.  seus colegas de trabalho - Excelente!  a parte mais dif\u00edcil do trabalho - press\u00e3o por\u00e9m aceit\u00e1vel.  a parte mais agrad\u00e1vel do trabalho - colegas de trabalho, aprendizado. ", " Empresa en al cual puedes obtener una gran experiencia como auditor externo, realizando auditor\u00edas a empresas de distintas industrias. ", " Foi muito importante para explorar melhor o ambiente de equipe, aprender uma nova \u00e1rea e atuar em diversas empresas/clientes. ", " Entreprise permettant le d\u00e9veloppement des comp\u00e9tences et l'autonomie ", " Meu dia a dia era super dinamico, n\u00e1o parava um minuto, muitas tarefas a serem realizadas, aprendi muito com essa organiza\u00e7ao. ", " N\u00e3o existe rotina em auditoria externa, trabalha-se com equipes diferentes na presta\u00e7\u00e3o do servi\u00e7o. Aprendi a trabalhar em equipe e desenvolver a capacidade de liderar, assim como conhecimentos espec\u00edficos de contabilidade financeira e auditoria de fundos. A parte mais dif\u00edcil da atividade \u00e9 trabalhar com prazos, por\u00e9m n\u00e3o tenho dificuldades em trabalhar em ambiente de press\u00e3o. A parte mais agrad\u00e1vel \u00e9 que n\u00e3o \u00e9 um trabalho repetitivo, autom\u00e1tico, exige um auto-estudo e que o profissional esteja sempre atento as mudan\u00e7as. ", " Pour un stagiaire c'est une opportunit\u00e9 unique avec le trajet pay\u00e9 et le repas gratuit. Un environnement agr\u00e9able. ", " la parte mas dificil es poder administar el tiempo de vida personal y trabajo ", " Ernst &amp; Young offre plusieurs opportunit\u00e9s de d\u00e9veloppement professionnel ", " Boa empresa para se iniciar uma carreira, com grande potencial para desenvolvimento pessoal e profissional.  Baixos sal\u00e1rios, forte press\u00e3o para cumprimento de prazos e deadlines s\u00e3o um dos pontos fracos. "], [" Good place to learn and develop in the Risk Advisory field. But sometimes you have to work in a pressurized condition to match the deadline of the work. ", " Es una empresa recomendable para comenzar la carrera profesional. ", " Ambiente agrad\u00e1vel, trabalho em equipe, l\u00edderes acess\u00edveis. ", " Oportunidade de carreira e din\u00e2mismo s\u00e3o caracteristicas da EY ", " puntualidad, aprendi atrabajar en equipo, los compa\u00f1eros geniales.. ", " Anfangs viel gelernt. Gute Arbeitskollegen. Schwaches Management. ", " La mejor de las escuelas. Fundamental en mi carrera, por todo lo que aprend\u00ed. "]]